I feel so LUCKY to have found this used (phone to us & not used hard at all), phone on line from someone who upgraded and sold this one. My Son liked his old one that finally fell apart after 2.5+ years and didn't want an upgrade!! Thank you Seller, we really appreciate it & your honesty re: said used phone.I recommend this seller very highly & would but from them again!!
nice phone, nice up grade from my pantach revue. Very clean set up and easy set up. never had an android phone but they are fantastic to say the least. perfect size for surfing and social media. great phone samsung
Very pleased
It works good but it goes slow sometimes but its a very good phone I love it
Great phone to replace my lost phone. The only thing is the volume up button does not work, but I can still go into settings to adjust. Other than that, it does the job until I am eligible to upgrade my phone again.Thaanks!
I originally was using the Samsung S2 Galaxy for Sprint and wanted to return back to the Samsung EPIC 4G for Sprint because I really missed the keyboard, I really liked the smaller compact size of the phone, and I still needed some of the basic functions of a smart phone (i.e. checking e-mail, getting directions, text messaging) Because the phone is not as powerful as the newer cell phones out there, just be aware that the more applications you install the slower the phone runs and will most likely freeze up from time to time. But the camera works great, the video is great as well, and even the web browsing is decent and gives me what I need. I also notice that battery life lasts a little bit longer and charging the phone is much quicker than my Galaxy S2.
This is a great product it came after two days of ordering it. There was only one little blemish on the side,but who cares as long as the phone is fullly functional.i recommend this product to anyone reading this.
These guys are the best! I had a little situation with my item but they quickly fixed the issue. I was pleased and will definitely be buying another phon from them if I need one.
Ordered this phone as a replacement for the same model until my contract expires and I can get a new one. Seller confirmation said delivery could take up to 7 days. Seller sent out the phone within hours of receiving the order and I had the phone the next day. Phone looks better than described was able to transfer data from the old one to the new one with no problems. Highly recommend this seller
I was able to get the phone I previously owned...with a keyboard and touch screen. It's the best phone and I love it. I still had to clean the device with my service provider, but it was well worth it.
I brought this phone as a replacement for my daughter, who is very hard on cell phones. I must say it was a great purchase. The phone work wonderful. Thank you
I love the phone. It does everything I need and works great. I purchased four of these phones through a seller that shipped from Amazon's warehouse. My only problem is that the phone didn't come with a micro sd card. I couldn't use the camera until I got the card. No problems getting these activated at Sprint.
The battery was old & had been over used because it barely holds a charge. Otherwise, no issues with the phone itself.
pros-beautiful screen,capable of running chrome,take good pictures,the keyboard is comfy,fits in my pocket and fit my hands,plays really good videos and gamescons-no Bluetooth,came late,run down fast really quick,doesnt play 1080p videos.but I would still recommend it to those who like to talk and text a lot like me and watch a lot of movies
Phone good just a little slow phone old but it's a great phone temporary right now. thank you for the great deal
Phone's speaker little low. Overall very happy with the phone. I would purchase another cell phone from Chubbietech. I am satisfied.
the phone was great and in good condition. My Daughter is so happy the be a andriod user now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Phone works great. No problems at all
as described, fast ship!
Perfect in every way.
Just got this phone and it is a great phone. It's easy to use.
The phone was great but it had gotten old so it was time for a replacement.it was great while it lasted.
This phone came in great condition! Great price and it brings back great memories of owning this phone!
Met all of my expectations. I can't complain at all. Great price!
Good
she liked it
GREAT BUY!
My step son loved it. Thanks he had lost his phone and we was not going to buy a 13 yr old a $600. Phone. This work out great.
PERFECT
My son loved his new phone.
This phone works very well for Perk TV.
Bought this for my mother, she loves it.. For the price it was definitely worth the purchase. Also shipped within their scheduled arrival .
Great lil phone.
Very good!
good phone when i got it great
It was very good
This phone was like new. It looked like a new phone and works like a new one, including great battery life.
LOVE IT, IT BIG AND BOLD
Great!!
Great
Love my new phone, lots of feature and the cost was much cheaper that at the phone store, I really saved a lot.
The case was in good condition very thick and somewhat protective however when you are taking a picture around the circumference of the picture has a very white blurry look and when I remove the case I realize it was not like that, the case is so thick that the camera is so far Deep inside
I really like it! It has a lot of features and works perfect!
The phone is in really good conditions, but I did had some disappointments with this phone. I bought it for my dad and as far as he likes it, it's okay for me. For the money that you pay, it's really good conditions. Thank you
it's boring, bring apps, that i can not uninstall, its memory RAM is wasted
So far so good! Arrived on time in fact before promised date. The device was in very good condition with no major scratches on the screen. I did my SIM card in and did verify that it is unlocked and in working order. I sent this overseas to my girl in hong Kong. Hopefully it will work with the network there. I bought her a unlocked at&t before and it worked great.so I'm almost sure this will work also. After tinkering around with this device I was pleasantly impressed with its prefirmance. I'm not a big fan of phones with out removable battery or storage so I avoid the newer galaxy lines past this galaxy s5. Fast bright and clean and a very good price to boot. I plan to buy another one from SCE enterprise and give it to my moms. Great deal great device. Included was a new Samsung charging/data cable and Samsung plug nicely packed.
Got the phone yesterday, everything working great.PROS:- films in 4k video ( will not allow you to snap pics while in this mode which is fine )- films in 1080p HD Video for a lower resolution- 16 MP camera with a host of settings ( ISO 100-800 )- Mic is awesome for pod casts or voice journals- Lots of Apps- Screen Resolution amazing (1920x1080) super AmoledNo cons right now
Price is good and the phone is great considering it is 2 generations old, but for 1/3 the price of the s7, I'll take it!
Love my Galaxy S5 on Verizon. Bought this version for my husband to experiment with Straight Talk using the At@T towers. Came with Kit Kat, Updated to Lollipop and now waiting for update to Marshmallow. Seems to be working fine. Husband is learning to use.
excelente
This phone is a nice phone working very well. no problem on it.
Excellent
Awesome phone and I took it to overseas and it works perfectly and picture is amazing. Great price too.Thanks.
Amazing smartphone, very versatile. Love it.
I ordered this a day again and it's already here , bought it in good condition I see absolutely no scratches looks brand new with no problems every thing is perfect I love this phone !!!
Excelent!!
nice job Samsung
Enjoy this phone very much.
Excellent phone, I am very happy with the product, I recommend this seller
This phone is AMAZING! I am currently using it with T Mobile and I don't have a single complaint! Very satisfied with delivery and the product.
Great buy
Very happy customer. Satisfied with this purchase and product. Excellent working condition, no cosmetic damage and delivery was right on time. Thank you.
did buy couple of these for my family and even though I am not a user myself, I can say that they are incredibly happy with these samsung's. reliable at best, never fail, never slow down processing, never tire. screen is amazing and they say -and so i think - about the right size! battery life doing good, enough for whole day of normal to intense use, and they got spare batteries now . my recommendation.
Horrible with new update. Slow.
As expected
The AT&T version of the phone is not the same as the T-Mobile.1. There is no wi-fi calling feature when you switch the phone over to a different carrier.2. When at full volume the speaker kind of sounds choppy. There indeed is a tick sound when playing music.3. It really isn't a bad phone and you do get what you pay for.4. It indeed is unlocked I tried all different kinds of networks and I even went over seas and the phone is unlocked to any carrier or network.
Fast shipping, good phone
minor scratches on the edges but other thing that perfect phone
Good phone. First one I got from the retailer here on Amazon came with a faulty audio jack, so that was quite unfortunate as I use the audio jack on phones quite a lot.Replaced it, audio jack worked.With using straight talk service, you may have problems with getting the 5.0/5.1 Android OS and may be stuck with 4.4.4 unless you root your phone and put it on there yourself.Another problem I seem to be having with the phone, which is minor, is that I have problems with receiving MMS messages. Minor problem, but for those who are interested in buying the phone it is information worth providing.
The item is as expected deserves the price and expectation. One thing I will not pass mentioning is the battery' deplation. It due to long use that is easy discheged, in a couples of hours. That is the only comment I make so far. It needs to be addressed.thanks you
Lovely phone
Just learnt that i am a samsung lover, upgraded to the s5 after a 2 week use of the iphone, i had to go back to samsung. the phone is user friendly, i love the way you can switch between screens, the pictures quality is superb, the phone is sleek and lightweight, i could go on and on. overall, i am satisfied
I've used the Galaxy S5 for the last 2 years, but it quit working properly. So I bought another S5. I don't need the most updated phone on the market.
My Samsung galaxy s5 arrived early, and my seller included a gorilla glass screen protector free. Read your selection carefully. Phone was brand new, and is working well. And I love this Phone!
good phone other than couldn't get good signal anywhere I went even though I was on the same network as my previous phone. was new in box with a good price.
Great phone! but sometime I call someone they cant hear me or i cant hear them.
is cool! thank you!
Product came in, let's say, original packaging.But this phone is previously owned by AT&T then seller unlocked it.Just hate that AT&T logo on back cover.Phone is working perfectly and I'm happy about that.
Faster service by the seller and the phone is in excellent condition, good picture quality and easy to operate.
The product was delivered on time and was as described. I was replacing a Motorola phone and this is a terrific phone. I am still learning how to use it and its capabilities.
great phone at good price!
It is great product. I would recommend it to everyone.
Excellent choice of cellphone.
Great price for a great phone. Even though it is unlocked I went with AT&T so I could get hassle free up-dates without rooting my phone. Even though it doesn't have the 8 core processor of the S6, the ability to add a 128MB Micro-SD card allow me to carry a awesome amount of music with me.
Outstanding phone at a great price!
excelent for this moment
excellent, very good
works fine as it should be
Got my phone fast and in good condition with extras case sd card very happy thanks
Is a great phone. Besides, the camera is great. Is really fast and easy to use. One thing that is not so great is the size and weight. Is a little bigger and heavy than I am use to. The rest is great.
Very pleased with phone. It appears that I will have to replace the battery in the near future but that was expected.
great phone, only cons: yo can not use the wifi spot in this att phone, as this feature is blocked.
Great item. It met my expectations.
very good
Good phone,only put sim and ready to used
I ordered the s5 a couple weeks ago after my Galaxy III decided to kick the bucket, and I'm finding it to be an incredible improvement over the strengths the III originally had. Rather than go into detail over the phone's features and beat a dead horse (CNET has a very comprehensive review you can read), I'll discuss the "buying experience."I purchased this phone from an Amazon Fulfilled vendor called "The Wireless Circle" (received it within 2 days via Prime!), It came delivered in a standard Amazon cardboard box and the phone itself in typical Samsung packaging, brand new, with a quick-start booklet, headphones, USB 3.0 cable, and a charging plug. The battery was already fully charged.I am an AT&T customer, but the website and the store were going to charge me $519 plus shipping, and no phones were available within a three-store radius where I live (Hah!). I did some online research and realized buying an unlocked phone was the way to go. I could write an essay on the differences between an unlocked and contract-free phone (just Google it) but if it helps - Since I am an AT&T customer, buying an unlocked AT&T phone meant all I needed to do was take it to the store for activation. Even then, all I needed to do when I got there was replace my SIM card.Ergo: I SAVED MONEY by purchasing an unlocked phone. No more 2-year contracts for me! This is how I'm buying my phones from now, on.
This is the best phone I've ever had my hands on. Hands down.
Perhaps I should have purchased an international version but I wanted to be sure I had full access to all available AT&T wireless bands. Inspite of all the AT&T bloatware this SM G900A is still great and arrived from this seller just as stated. Can't say for sure if its actually unlocked, but I as a BYOD customer, I can get an unlock code from AT&T if necessary.Jail breaking can easily get rid of the AT&T and Samsung bloatware too!
Love this phone. Even though it is refurbished it looks like brand new. AT&T got me onto their network with no problems.
Great phone
Satisfied
A wonderful phone! This is by far the best phone I have ever had. It is loaded with a crap ton of features, I'm still trying to learn them after having the phone for a few weeks. It is fast, so far has been able to handle everything I've thrown at it. The camera is fairly good too, 16mp and great 1080p video. It has a smooth motion setting that makes your video incredibly clear and smooth frame rate. So far I am absolutely loving it. The only downside to it is that the battery is kind of weak. My phone is at about 40-50% by the time I get home from work with light use all day. Aside from that one thing, this phone is a great buy for the price I got it.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00K15KRV6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_22
great phone
No problem. Phone excellent
Very good
I recommend the seller. It is very good!!
DELIVERED ON TIME AND THE PHONE IS GREAT!
Thank you.
works great
Great phone. Streaming videos, movies, etc. is excellent with a great, clear picture. I am greatly impressed.
Completely satisfied with this phone. Nothing to complain about.
I have had the phone worked for a week now in a South American country that operates with Claro carrier. I had to update a firmware to verify that this phone could be compatible with my services in Ecuador and that was only a 20$ extra for it. Through and through this has worked fine and I have not had a single problem since.
THIS DEVICE IOS IN PERFERCT CINTION. AWESOME JOB!!!!
Works, and easily able to upgrade from my previous At&t phone to this one.
love it
The product is good and new, and am happy with it.
Yes. It exceeded my expectations. Great phone, great features and wonderful quality. Works fantastic.
I loved this phone defiantly one of my faves
👍🏽
Works well in Canada. Doesn't seem to be the first choice phones from the manufacturer, I suddenly experience extreme lag and have to reboot about once every two weeks.No complaints other than that.
Great company. Great phone.
Phone was purchased for a Consumer Cellular contract. Delivery and price were excellent, and the phone works fine.
Great phone great seller.
It was ok...!!!!!
Very happy so far. Excellent battery life and seems very fast compared to the Rugby Pro that it replaced.
Love love love!
Phone is new and works great. Just wished it came with updated android version Lollipop. However, the seller is at no fault here.
It is work with movistar Venezuela 4G. Very good product
good
Excellent movile! Very good seller!
Nice
The phone checks out great so far, I love it. It has the AT&T logo on it and it also has their song when turning it on but other than that the phone is still unlocked and once you add in your sim card, it instantly connects with your carrier.
Excellent quality and the product is nice, good seller
excelente
I love this phone. It is better than the newer versions in my opinion as you can add an sd card, swap the battery, and it is light and easy to hold. With that said the phone I received is an AT&T branded phone. I am with AT&T so for me this is not an issue but I am not sure if it would work with T-Mobile.
I recently bought this phone from Amazon a d found out it is. Not unlocked as advertised and spent an hour on the phone (landline) unlocking it. The phone is great otherwise, but had to uninstall all ATT apps, what a pain, do not know if I would buy another phone from Amazon. Buyer Beware.
Great phone and good price.
I am absolutely committed to the Android that only Samsung can offer. Way to go. I don't have the techy words to say how, each day I discover new features that simply thrill me. There is a heart monitor on the back for resting heart rate.....Love it... the camera actually takes pictures of my dogs Without, without red eye!!!!! I love the sound, the speed, the technology and the fact that it is an android and not an apple.
Great product. I highly recommend it if you are converting to Straight Talk Wireless.
I would give 4 stars if I didn't have 2 problems that I've had since I bought the phone a week ago... one thing that has happened is my phone when taking pictures with flash on wiline just turn off by itself and I have to take the entire phone apart and take the battery off just to get it to come back on and Ivery notice that when phone is on speaker phone Noone can hear me while I'm talking other then that the phone is great
I LOVE this phone. I'm still learning the fine points, but it's wonderful having a phone, mini-computer, camera, etc. at your fingertips. I would recommend this to anyone in the market for a new phone.
Awesome phone! Came 100% as described. Appears absolutely brand new! It was a fantastic Xmas gift for my son!
no problems great deal
Purchased this phone and it arrived brand new in the box, swapped in the wifes old sim card from an S3, and bam we were off. No issues whatsoever. (ATT)
Great phone
Very nice phone. Love Android. PROBLEM: battery does not last as expected...
This is a fantastic phone. It's easy to see why the Samsung Galaxy series is an industry juggernaut.
Bought it for a friend in Honduras and he's in love with his Galaxy S5. It was ready to use, didn't have to unblock it again as you have to do with some phones, he just put in his chip and was ready to go. Great phone
This phone has met many of my expectations. It arrived as promised. The features are handy to use. I still get frustrated with it sometimes though. It seems to change the home and lock screen back to the default whenever it feels like it. Some apps get stuck and don't function properly. As I am not sure if these are user error or issues with the phone, I hesitate to give it a low rating.
It had scuffs on the sides of the phone but works great
Nice item, no problems
Very happy with purchase. I have had 4 phones in the past year. Needless to say I'm very hard on them! I have returned to Samsung as the other brands just didn't measure up. I use Straight Talk and have for years. Had no problems changing over, just check to make sure it works in your area! Hopefully this will be my last phone for awhile!!
Awesome cellphone quality.To tell you the truth, i was not expecting the phone to be in such good quality. It works just like a new cell phone would.
works good
Works very well, and looks as promised. Loving my new phone!
I really like it
Phone works great. Have had no problems yet.
My son really l iked this phone. Make sure you get a decent cover or skin or it
This is a really great phone without any notable flaws.
I bought this phone used. Came in perfect condition, everything works perfectly. I've had this phone for over a month now and I've had absolutely no problems with it. Android>iPhone.
It would be a five star but when my dad recieved the charger didn't work so my dad had to buy another charger but so far he says the phone is good . Honestly, I would recommend you but if please check your chargers before shipping them.Overall, it's a great buy.
I had an iphone 4 and was hesitant to switch platforms. Samsung has a program you can install on your computer to transfer data from an iphone to a Samsung without any issues. That worked perfectly. I love the phone. The camera is better, the processor is faster and I don't have the dead spots for service that I had with my iphone. I didn't change carriers, so it wasn't the carrier. It was the phone. I won't go back to an iphone.
Works great, screen is clear and bright, functions perfectly, and meets my expectations.
Samsung is the new big thing to me. I just love the features and the screen size and clarity.
in great condition
Great, so far so good
I have not had one single problem with this phone. It was my first electronic purchase online and I was a little nervous about it. I would recommend the company this came from any time. Phone was new, in the box, still sealed. I've been using it for about a month and learning new things every day.
So far works great.
Love the phone
Good
As expected. It just came very late. Great S5 brand new. Although I ordered a regular S5 and got AT&T model twice but it's OK. Just needed a second phone and it works how it should.
So happy with my new phone. The packaging was perfect.
Muy bueno!
my wife loves this
Had it almost a week. No problems. Just put in my sum card from my s111 and no problem.
Excelent product, excelent seller.
Everything was perfect!
Love this phone it got even better when it upgraded
I love this phone. More than expected! I thought I had a sophisticated smart phone before upgrading to this one, it does not compare to this one!
Excellent phone.I live in Ontario Canada (very hard to get an unlocked Samsung GS5 here) so I had to get this through family in the US... still cheaper than a no contract, unlocked one here through one of our major carriers, despite the currency exchange and the shipping.Samsung region locks its phones. Annoying! Had to do some research on which bands are supported on which model of the S5.Fully functional with Telus (including its 4G LTE network). Also tested on the Bell network. Can't be sure that it works on Rogers but probably works.
I have had this phone for around 1-2weeks. Thus far, I feel good. It is a genuine S5 phone tested by software. Recommended.
I really enjoy this phone however I admit to still learning how to operate it. Lots of options.
Great phone shipped on time, new in original box with charger block, cord, battery and ear buds, along with all documentation. Just what I was looking for, delivered when I needed it. Would not hesitate to buy again, great experience.
bought for hubby and he loves it
excelent product
excellent 100 % responsabilite
I ordered this phone for when I travel back to my home country. It came unlocked and ready to use. I love it. Works like a charm.
This is a very nice phone. No scratches or dents, looks and works like a new one.
great deal and wonderful quality
needed to get a new SIM card from AT&T but so much better than the S3
good product.
IPHONE user for years, Android has come a long way since the Motorola zoom. This phone took the place of my iPhone and ipad. Typing is easy and the screen size is just right. This galaxy is just as simple as the iPhone with more options now. Plus the expanded memory allows you to load up on movies for travel. The only con is the battery goes quickly.
the phone is as described, works well and very pleased with it. the seller was quick in sending the phone, got it in three days.
LOVE this phone!
Exactly as advertised! Well Done
Better than I expected for a used phone,looks new,no scratches,no cracks,very satisfied with the purchase.
I am pleased with the S5. Still learning how to fully use it. Would like to have capability to remove bloatware llke Uber.
Excelent
Happy with the product and customer service was very helpful.
The phone works great. A simple change of SIM card from the last phone and I was in business
very satisfied, came on time.
Had to order a replacement due to a defective battery in previous order.
The phone is just new and very nice. There is nothing to complain about, I'm glad to have this smartphone... :)
Phone arrived in very good condition, with charger and ear buds. This is my 3rd GS5 and this is my first refurbished one. This is my third day using this phone and haven't noticed any thing significantly flawed with this device compared to the new ones I've owned. With one minor exception that the home button and one of the touch pad seem a little sensitive, but still a almost perfect device.
First hand, I don't know because I bought it for my nephew 2 weeks ago and then had it shipped to him. He seems to like it so I guess so far it's a good deal.
so far only complaint is difficulty figuring out how to get nano sim card in it...and a bit of att junk software. you can root the phone but there's not root control software for this version yet.
As advertised and functions/ works great.
just great
Pros: It's super fast, has a fingerprint scanner, takes an external sd card, can take your pulse, has a beautiful display, and was easy to set upCons: The menu buttons do different things than previous models which is still throwing me off, the auto brightness is way too dark in a dark room, there's still some bloatware that can't be disabled, and the ability to restrict app permissions was removedOverall I believe this was a great deal!
My significant other loves her new GS5. Works flawlessly with Consumer Celluar (AT&T network).Phone was brand new and runs 4G LTE (here in the United States) wonderfully.Might have to purchase another for myself. Very happy with my purchase. Would be glad to by through BREED again.
Fantastic phones but it would be helpful to us non-techie folks if you clearly state there are no SIM cards included.
Excellent. On time delivery, in fact got it before the said date and time and Product is brand new and Awesome. Thanks Breed and Amazon.Great Job done together.
Amazing Phones and a great price!!!!
great cellphone
The phone worked fine and was in better shape than described.
Bought as a birthday present for my husband, he positively loves it, works great, had it for a month.
Great phone, the company that sold it was nice enough to place a screen protector on it before shipping.
This was purchased for my wife and it is an excellent product. She uses the camera all the time and the cellular function has been perfect. She is pleased and that makes me happy. In particular the ability to open the camera app when you are logged out is a very important aspect of the Galaxy S5 and the fact that it is somewhat weather resistance is a big plus.
I bought this as a gift so I don't have any daily use with it, but it was in great condition when I got it, and it's been in use for a little over a week now and no reported problems. It runs just as well if not better than my own GS5.
Awesome phone! My 15 year old received it for Christmas and loves it!
Did not receive all the manuals that should have been in the package for a new product.
Got it as a gift for dad and he loves it. Amazing quality and comes in its original packaging. I use metro pcs and i was able to get it connected within a couple of minutes. Love everything about this phone
excellent
Brand new Samsung Galaxy S5 as listed. Put my son's Cricket SIM in and was enjoying LTE service in minutes.
Great product. Excellent service.
Excellent phone at very good price. You should buy a screen protector and case as soon as possible. I got this for my wife and she loves it but was carrying it on her pocket and the screen cracked against her keys. Phone still works great, needless to say we got a screen protector and case soon afterwards.
Great phone, does everything I need and more
If you purchase from a reputable vendor you will get exactly the brand new AT&T compatible Samsung S5 that works immediately on any AT&T/GSM network as soon as you plug in your sim card. I got mine from GoodGuys.BEWARE: My first purchase, from Supreme Deals 18, resulted in my getting a cheap Chinese knock off that didn't recognize the sim card, had slightly different packaging and booted up in Chinese. I had to return it.
Love it!!!! Shipped in a timely manner just as promised. Easy to set up and works with straight talk plan. Great price too :)
Phone works great.....I love it.
Exelent!!!...
It arrives perfect as I saw it and looks so beautiful. Thanks I am so happy for have it again with me.
Very happy with the phone. Have not found anything neg. about it yet.
Ordered it from amazon and it was brand new, beware of other sellers selling as new when it is refurbished, saw plenty of those. Have this phone working on at&t network using a straight talk sim card and even have the phone updated to the newest available operating system which is nugat I believe. No complaints and the camera and slow mo video is great.
Very happy! Good price, fast shipping and good communication with the seller.
Good replacement for my S4. Works great.
Nice
Phone is good I can't complain I bought in amazon n I use in kenya
excellent very good recommended
I've spent some time comparing phones, and this is definitely a hard to beat choice. It is even superior to many much more modern (and expensive) phones. If you are looking for: quality, reliability, a big high resolution screen, fast processor, long duration battery (really!) and great pictures, and don't want to pay a lot, then you should seriously consider this option.
Good phone, but is not a new one as at the description said, I already have one galaxy s5 from at&t and I compare this one to mine and has some minor differences, battery and tags in the phone are different, I don't know if it is an unlock phone but has the at & t logo in the back, maybe is a refurbished phone but still working good.
Great phone. Having fun exploring and learning.
Excellent!!
So far so good.
Excellent service - received my phone sooner that expected. The box was a bit scratched but the phone and accessories where in excellent condition. Phone did not have any damages and was able to activate with no issues. Would purchase again if needed. Thanks!
Very good
Upgraded to this after completely annihilating my s4 mini (it served its purpose well over the years). I didn't really see the need to get one of the latest Galaxy cell phones so i got the S5 as the specs are just as good as the latest phones (and let's face it guys, specs on these phones are overkill for most apps). Only thing I really have a problem with is the bigger size of the phone, as my hands are used to smaller phones. I see they have a setting to make one handed control a bit easier so I will check that out if I need to. But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
Grieta Cellphone
Arrived on time and just as it was described, a NEW U LOCKED phone. Was super simple to set up when I called Cricket CS.This one replaced my LG phone. Had an S3 in the past and was devestated when it stopped working, and this one picked right back up with where I had left off. Had ZERO learning curve!
Good phone...
Loved it...
exselente
great product works as new
I don't think that the phone came unlocked as advertised. When I booted it up, it came up as at&t. But the phone came in great condition, and I love how it responds. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
Great phone. Brand new in the box, this is everything it claims to be. Perfect!
I replaced a S3 with this phone. The only things I don't like is that the S5 is a longer phone and the audio does not seem quite as loud as the S3 and really weak compared to my Note 3. Other than that it is a great improvement in all aspects from the S3.
I'm from Argentina, and it work OK.
Met every expectation and exceeded them.
Excellent!!
My daughter is very happy with her new Iphone cell phone
Because the charger es bad
Phone arrived quickly and was new as advertised. Has the same camera quality of the S6, and it wasn't worth paying twice as much as this phone just for a quicker processor.Took it to Cricket for activation. Only hitch in that process was figuring out my account number on the Tracfone to switch the number.
Phone is working perfectly, very good buy no regrets
Easily the best phone me, and all of my friends have ever owned. The "dated" hardware is still superior to the current iphone 6's. The camera is fantastic too! One of the best I've ever seen on a smartphone. I absolutely love it the phone all around!
A little laggy (even after removing/disabling unessentials), but given it is the last generation it is acceptable, I am happy with it :)
I had the S4 and i thought it was the best phone i ever had, wowo this S5 is much more nicer. I love the futures it came withI have no issues whatsoever. For the price i think it was cool
first smart phone no problems
Works great on straight talk. I've got super fast 4g lte. I was a bit nervous because when I used the straight talk website to set up my APN settings I ended up with only 4g....I did some digging and found the 4G lte APN settings on YouTube. Here are the straight talk APN settings if you need them like I did.Name: Straight TalkAPN: tfdataProxy: not setPort: not setUsername: not setPassword: not setServer: not setMMSC: http://mms-tf.netMultimedia message proxy: mms3.tracfone.comMultimedia message port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: not setAPN type: default,supl,mms,hipri,tfdataBearer: unspecifiedMobile virtual network operator type: none
Arrived as promised..Product is as stated..
BNIB Quick delivery - highly recommend.
If you're shopping for a new Samsung smartphone, but are shocked by the prices, you may want to consider this one. It came new in the box; the only thing you'll have to get is a SD card for it.I decided on this phone due to lack of options for upgrades with my carrier, and ultra-high prices from other sources.It comes with the charger cord, outlet adapter, and a set of earphones.
I wanted to buy a "new" unlocked phone that would work on the AT&T network here in Alaska. I did a lot of research to ensure this model would work best on their network. It appears that most/ (maybe all) GSM phones with work world-wide on other GSM networks. However, from my research, it seems as though not every GSM phone will with perform as well as the "branded" models that are designed for use on their networks. This appears to especially hold true for what data speed you can potentially connect with i.e., 3G maximum or 4G LTE service.I ordered a new phone and that is exactly what I got. It still had the protective film over all the ports, etc. and the phone clock only had a few minutes of QC test-time on it. It came with a battery, wall charger, ear-buds and instructions. I did have to go to the AT&T store to have them install a micro-SIM because my old phone used the mini-SIM so I could not simply swap it out between the two phones.Overall this a very nice high-end phone. Fast, with a crisp & clear screen. Seems to be working fine on my network and it connects to the LTE signals when I'm in range of those cell towers.
It's a Galaxy S5 so there are plenty of reviews that say what a great phone this is. I was a little concerned about buying a phone online and having it activated by AT&T but there wasn't a problem. I took the phone to my local AT&T store and they installed a new SIM (my old one was the wrong size for this phone) and had me going in minutes. The money I saved buying this phone on Amazon allowed me to buy a ton of accessories.
So far, I'm happy with the Celular. The spec's are as described in the item description in Amazon.
I recently ordered this phone in Dec 2014 and I shipped it to a friend who brought it to the Caribbean for me. Firstly, I went to put in a Sim card by my ISP and they told me that the phone was LOCKED and the description by the seller said the phone was UNLOCKED. I was really disappointed as I had to pay over US$20 to get it unlocked. My thing is just be truthful when describing phones. Also the tethering is also blocked and I am still trying to find a way to unblock it.On the flip side, the phone functions well and I love it especially the cam as it takes clean pictures. The phone was also shipped just as it said it would. #Thumbs up to speedy delivery
Works fine with T-Mobile. Comes with a bunch of AT&T apps I don't need.
excellent very good recommended
All good
Everything fine exept the fact that the spicker doesnt work well
Works Great!
Wonderful product it workers for me perfectly
Great phone and great deal. Using the phone to transition into android
love this phone would not trade it for any other phone work great with the kuawei watch
Item arrived in a timely fashion and worked perfectly!
Met all my expectations! I luv my phone!
Nice phone, works nicely.
As described
Good.
Excellent quality, prompt delivery, very satisfied customer. Love it when sellers deliver what they promise! (THANKS)
Yay! Glad I bought three of these tried and tested S5 phones - at least my house is not at risk of burning down.All brand new - worked great - and charge quickly..
Great price, and in perfect condition.
Kargia
The product as per specification. Though AT&T logo on phone, it was unlocked and we are able to use for T-Mobile. Delivered timely.We are satisfied.
So far, so good. I hesitate to give five stars, simply because I've only had this phone for a week. My primary concern with this kind of purchase, as is demonstrated in some reviews with such products, is whether this previous generation of smartphone is truly new and authentic. Once the newest and hottest smartphone version hits the market, any remaining new stock of the previous version is discontinued or swiped up fast (particularly if the previous version is better than the newest). As anyone who has been looking for these models can attest, a lot of the options are refurbished, open-box, unlocked, or most importantly claimed as new but not really. Then you have the issue with whether the model is "international", GSM or something else that might prevent it from doing what the buyer wants it to do.So, I'm happy that I found this at a reasonable price and from a seller that I was able to research and develop some confidence in. I was also able to rely on the Amazon return policy in case things didn't work out. BlutekUSA is the seller, in my case, and I have been quite happy with the result. I believe the phone is indeed new, and perhaps even factory-unlocked versus the seller doing it. And it is the real deal, with all the standard, original accessories included.The phone itself works quite well, compared to my Galaxy S3. I have T-Mobile, and this is an AT&T unlocked phone (that's what the "A" means, in the G900A model), but I was able to simply take my SIM out of my old phone and insert it into the new phone, do some manual setting of the 4G ling so that I could highlight and pick T-Mobile (more networks, mobile networks, APN setting to T-Mobile), and everything works fine. The performance is improved. The battery is stronger, longer lasting and recharges much faster than the Galaxy S3. It was already updated to Android 5.0 Lollipop, and while not a rooted device, I'm satisfied with the operation.
Nice good deal
This review is for the Galaxy S5 specifically from Bluetek. The phone I received from this company was new and in original packaging. A charger, battery and earbuds were included. The phone arrived well packed and in perfect condition. Everything works perfectly and I am very happy with the product. My only complaint is all the bloat ware that is included with these phones but that is Samsung, not the vendor. If this is the phone you want then I would recommend this vendor as being reliable.
Works great so far. Had to manually input the access points for T-Mobile to get decent reception. Also did not have any data until I manually updated the access points. Clearly was not new, maybe refurbished but good condition.
Phone was brand new. Added to my at&t with no problems.
Good
The phone is OK, but I received fake earphones and the charging block didn't work.
Always write if it is unlocked by AT&T or T Mobile or blaaa blaaa...as the item was not discribed.
Great machine
very good
Excelente
Excelent!!
It's working good so far
Works great on Net 10 here in PR.
It came promptly and packaged well. The phone is working and still getting use to it. And was compatible with Straight Talk. Glad chose it over Iphone
Love this phone
It is so great. Has a lot of easy ...
I love this samsung galaxy s5 really everythingIs Fine & nothing problem, even the price is fair.
Great phone great price!
no regret . my first smart phone. the best choice I ever made excellent item .thank you Amazon. positive experience with online purchase
I ordered this item from seller Wireless Experts, Inc. and so far Im VERY happy with this purchase. The item was suppose to arrive on friday but actually came in 2 days early on Wed and all emails/questions were answered proptly from this seller. Still getting use to and trying everything out but so far no problems. The area i live in is mainly covered by AT&T (Southcentral KY and most of TN) which is why I chose this version of the galaxy so I could make sure it all worked. I use this phone with pre paid straight talk and have no issue, phone works and so does the 4G and 4G LTE internet is blazing fast. Ive had other friends buy other unlocked phones and have problems with 4G LTE off of the AT&T towers but being this is an AT&T version you shouldnt have any issue in areas covered by them (Or as in my case any pre paid service that works off the AT&T network like straight talk). One minor downside is even tho its unlocked all AT&T software/apps CAN NOT be uninstalled only disabled but for me its not a real big issue
Works like a champ. This is a gift for my nephew in France (but he's going to US for school this fall). The phone works well in France and I think it will work well in US (as this is AT&T version, G900A). Took me a while to figure out what model to fit the need though. Very happy with this purchase.
Thanks my Fiance loves his new phone. He ended up wanting to keep this one instead.
Purchased this item on October 23, 2015. New, excellent GS5. My second GS5, for my kid.1 point off because I found out the phone was still locked to ATT when I switched to a China Mobile sim card while we were travelling in China in June 2016. Luckily, the Great Firewall of China did not block ATT website, and I had my own unlocked GS5 phone. I was able to get the phone unlocked in 24 hours.
as described
great
Excelents
This is my first smart phone and although I was spoiled with my simple flip phone, I am learning to love the many features. I now take my phone everywhere.
. Item as described
I love it
Is is what I expected. Arrived on time. Came in original box.
Excellent celphone...
Got a refurbished one. Everything works. Only signs of damage was a nick on the plastic on the side. But it was refurbished. So my expectations were met perfectly.
Excelent
Excellent
Great phone. Great pics. Fast delivery.
very nice
very good case
Great phone! Charging port has some ware and the edges of the phone have a few dings (expected being refurbished) but functions as if it was new.
Excellent phone. ...love it
So far so good but my wife's phone has trouble with pictures and videos. Also when I Sbeam pics from one phone to the other, the pics are saved in download rather than on the SD card...any way to fix that?
Satisfied with the product
So far this phone is working perfectly. It has a very clear screen and all the options we need. It would have been helpful to have a manual included with the phone but the on-line manual has been helpful so far. We have had the phones for only a few days so it is fairly early to give it a complete assessment.
Was very very nervous about purchasing over the Internet . So many horror stories. But the seller has mostly great reviews...I got exactly what was described and what I expected..I will definitely buy from this seller again. Not to mention I got an incredible price..
Bueno
Love it.
One of the best purchases I have ever made on Amazon. The phone works flawlessly! Couldn't have asked for any better!
The phone works well with a few minor scratches and dents but that was detailed in the description. I have been using this for 3 months and there has have been no major issues. I would purchase again but would probably step up to buy a phone in Great condition since on occasion a button will jam.
I like
Love it. Best thing I've bought this year by far!
It's Perfect!!!
excelente 100% recomendable
Nice phone, a bit more complicated than my Samsung S3 mini it replaces.The big negative is it advertised as new but in fact it was not. Originally sold by Angel Cellular and activated in April 2014 by AT&T, confirmed by AT&T.
Arrived on time and it no scratch at all. Happy with this purchase
I really liked the phone and this was excellent. Though still need to verify/check all the features, but so far its good.
Very happy with my purchase! The price was great the phone came brand-new in the box with the accessories. I use MetroPCS and it is functional and everything works as described/expected.
Excellent. Thanks wireless Hub for your help. I recommend this seller. I had a problem with my item and he resolved it. And Right now my phone is working perfectly. Thanks again
All as expected.
Exelente
Perfect all
excellent
Extremely happy with it. Excellent right out of the box. My first Android phone so I'm still learning but I have voice, text, data and apps what more could you want?
Item as dedscribed
Arrived in good condition and is fully functional.
Great cell phone. Nice camera with great quality! I love it! :-)
Love it.
I am very happy with my galaxy s5, the cell-sell seller was very attentive as to the description of the phone.Samsung Galaxy S5 arrived new in original box, brand new in plastic !! as it is as the seller said. I actually still not touched bottom and as yet I have a s4, just get out of this I will release my s5.phone looks good in appearance, has a at & t logo on the back and when you turn.It is unlocked.
Really nice phone. A good compromise between lower and phones and the ridiculously expensive highest end ones. Only issue with it is for some reason, it seems to have lower reception and internet connectivity than my old LG phone while using the same metro-pcs provider.
First I will say that the S5 is an awesome phone, I really love the featureset. I would highly recommend getting it. This review will mostly be about my experience trying to buy one. This is my 5th attempt to get an S5 that was as described. I tried 3 times on ebay, doing my homework on the sellers, but they were all flawed in some way (screen burn-in, screen color partially tinted, GPS not working, etc.). This was my second attempt on Amazon. The first one was obviously a refurb and the fit and finish was off. No way that thing was going to be water resistant. I looked into seller ratings and wanted a "new" S5. So far everyone indicated they were new, but they were clearly not. They didnt even have the decency to sell a product that could fool someone to think it was new. This time, I went with TopShelf Direct as my seller and this one is actually new, or darn well close enough to fool me and is functional and clean. No doubt, use these guys if you can.
I needed a new phone after my Iphone died on me, and I wanted this model specifically because friends have been raving about it.All the wireless carriers nowadays charging full price for their phones, apparently their old "eligible for upgrade" policy means NOTHING anymore.I refuse to pay those crazy prices they charge and started some research on an alternative way to get a new phone.After some Google searches I realized that I can bring in my own phone and have them activate it for free, as long as the phone is compatible with their services.In the description it states this phone is compatible with AT&T so I ordered it, but was just a bit afraid I'd get a refurbished one.The phone I got was brand new and AT&T activated it at no cost!For me personally this phone is even better because it is unlocked, which means that when I travel to Europe I can pop in a local SIM card, and no longer pay the crazy high per minute costs of texting and calling charged by AT&TThink about it, I paid $230-ish for the same phone AT&T would have charged me $507...not a hard choice to make.
All in order
Much faster than my S3 mini and the screen is much larger, which is very helpful for viewing the Waze gps app while driving. Features are similar to the S3 mini. The speakerphone feature is useless because the microphones (both bottom and top) are very muffled and people on the other side can barely hear me. I tested this thoroughly by calling my landline and leaving myself messages using speakerphone and normal mode. For some reason when you switch to speakerphone the mic's turn to crap.
Works perfectly
Its a real samsung s5
Good value, easy to use.
Works fine.
Phone is everything I hoped it would be. Very happy.
Excellent Option
Truly an awesome phone with lots of great features. Syncs with all my other Samsung electronics.
This entire transaction met my expectation. The item was delivered before the projected date. The phone met the advertised information and works excellently. I rate it A+
Brand new
The seller came through . Succeeded expectations
I have been using it, up to this point, don't have any problems with the S5.
it was exactly the way it was described I'm very satisfied with the shipping and the product
I have a Galaxy tablet. It works well with this mobile phone. The phone is not too large or too small. Perfect fit. It IS unlocked, as advertised. Had absolutely no problem at AT&T switching from my old phone to the new one. Easy to use, The only glitch...still can't get it to "read" my fingerprint. But will work on researching the troubleshooter when I have more time.
great phone, good price. Have had no issues with this phone
Damn good phone with a damn good camera. I'm in real estate and talk on the phone constantly. Works very well and battery lasts long enough to make it through the day if you use power saving feature. First one sent to me had a RED WATER DAMAGE INDICATOR! I called the seller and he quickly sent me another that was in great shape and as described like new.
Excellent product. No problems. Arrived quickly.
Perfect brand new unlocked phone.
Great phone no signs of pervious wear!🙌
fine
camera,,,, really crisp pictures, they are saved by day, nice featuresending pictures, to send a picture all you need to do is check the pictures you are sending, text or email.. so simple..easy to set up pages, and move icons.plenty of customizable features.problems, if you move and icon onto home page's, it is saved and uses more space..has too many apps pre downloadedconstantly updating the predown loaded apps,, annoying ..Still have not been able to customize rings for each person in address book.Bigest Problem Ring tones selection, bites.. I like an old phone ring,,they only have science fiction type ringsand songs dont play loud enough to get my attention. Over all;; compared to my last phone, HTC ONE,, the camera is Great, the phone hasnt slipped out of my hand and droppedso far I am very happy with the phone. just too many pre loads on it taking up space and updating all of the time drains the battery as well. One day i will get around to deleting em..
Great phone arrived very quickly
I've never bought a phone from Amazon before for the soul reason of doubt, however this phone came in within 2 days, and was in a brand New unopened case with headphones, charging cord, battery and the phone. The phone itself is amazing and I'm extremely happy this product lived up to it's hype. Thank you!!
I ordered an ATT unlocked phone but got, instead, a TMOBILE unlocked phone. Ultimately I decided it was cheaper and easier to keep it than fight for the right phone. I like it fine. I just wanted to have the ATT firmware on the phone.
I was forced into getting a smart phone because my carrier was retiring 2G services. I didn't want to pay $700 for a new phone, so I found this one online. I love the look and feel. I'm still learning about all the features but so far I've been able to customize it to my liking. Samsung has a website that offers tutorials and videos. Very easy to follow. If you have a question, you can chat with a live person and get it resolved.
Although aging, this is still the pentultimate smartphone for all general smartphone applications. Unlocked, it is entirely customisable and you can get the best and chepeast plans for smartphones that are widely avaialble. if you're not going to do hardware intensive things, but like to watch videos, or play games, this is the buy for you. Don't waste your money on a new S6 or S7, This phone is the last Samsung Galaxy S phone to have an open-able back.
Great packaging, awesome phone this was like new GREAT BUY
I ordered an unlocked AT&T 4g LTE Samsung s5. It was Delivered on time. I was able to follow the tracking. Even though it came through USPS (UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE), the phone got to me in 2 days. No shipping charges nor sales tax, and I'm not a Prime Member either. The phone was in excellent condition, actually it was brand new in a tightly sealed package. The 3.0 charging/syncing cable was included. As well as the charger and ear phones, with extra ear buds to change out or replace lost ones. I have Straight Talk and took my sim card out of my HTC ONE VX and placed it in the s5. Installed the battery, Turned on phone, set up phone, and worked great. Battery was at full charge. Only issue, not having anything to do with the seller, I had to call Straight Talk and get the correct APN settings. I googled the APN settings and everything was correct except a couple of those APN settings. I wasn't able to connect to the internet, unless I had wifi. But after getting the correct APN settings from Straight Talk, I could connect to the internet without any issues. ***If you do have Straight Talk and you need help with the APN settings, it would be best if you called from a different phone. The reason why i say that is because they will not want to help you put in the correct settings. ***The phone has crystal clear videos. No drop calls. Able to hook up to bluetooth devices without any issues. Awesome graphics for games. Waiting for my 128gb sd card to come in to expand the memory. The S6 does not allow you to remove the battery nor add an micro SD card and that us another reason i chise thjs phone. Wife really likes the phone and she is considering getting one as well. I Watched the youtube video on the water test. The guy had the phone in 3 feet of water for an hour and never stopped working. I put my phone in a 5 gallon bucket of water for 15 minutes and nothing happened. Yeah it would have sucked if i messed it up by doing that, but i was confident nothing would happen. you want a phone that you will enjoy, purchase this phone. You want regret it. I first thought about the newest iPhone, but I'm glad I got the s5. I was just dissapointed that I didn't order it sooner.
I've had this less than 1 week so far. It keeps the charge very well. With the 4G enabled whole day, it charge only dropped down to 60%. Adding to that about an hour talk time. (My previous galaxy S2 ran completely out of charge at the end of the day even without doing any thing, if 4G was on)I turned off both the 4G and wireless, at the end of the day it had 80% charge. I think it is remarkable. I have not tested the water proof feature yet :)
What can I say, it's a Galaxy! Works as advertised, does all the stuff you want from a personal electronic phone device!!
I love this phone. Moved up from an S3, and found the extras well worth it. Wasn't sure I'd like the slightly bigger screen, but do, and it still fits in my pocket, though a bit tighter. I have yet to see any advantage to an IPhone when the Samsung phones are so much more user friendly and capable.
Great phone. Somehow I ended up with a doa charging/data cable. No big deal, I blame samsung. Everything else was perfect!
It was in very good condition the only thing with it was there was a a chip of paint missing off the home button but over all good
very happy with the smartphone, running 4g right now with movistar venezuela carrier i recommend greatfully this seller, great seller, great price, great smartphone
The product was excellent. comes with a bad USB cable + Charger. but the seller send a replacement ASAP. it was a new phone.
An absolutely gorgeous phone. Upgraded from a Motorola E2, I wanted a phone that had a replaceable battery and a larger screen. I was impressed by the Moto, blown away with the Galaxy resolution! I still need to verify that the phone is unlocked, but being an ATT customer, the phone was previously an ATT unit, so a simple slide in of my sim card and I was on the air. I was a little "let down", I had thought it would have the last version of Kit Kat, it is Lollipop, not a big fan of the newer "google-centric" background data mining. The phone came as indicated, actually in A++++ condition, there was no signs of use/abuse and the screen was flawless.
A++
The item works very well for me, with 4G network even it has T&T logo on it, I use the GoSmart network and it is fine. I like it.
Item as described very good seller
works good
attended immediately and resolved the situation quickly and professionally fulfilled all expectations in a positive way, thank you very much
Product is working excellent
Love this phone! I use it with the Straighttalk unlimited plan and the phone works great! Phone, seller and service are highly recommended
So far, so good, so satisfied!!!!
Excellent product.
Great phone for the price, Looks like new very happy with the transaction.
phone was shipped fast... only thing be prepared to have to take it to your phone provider to get a new sim card.
works great with my Straight Talk Service!!!
Bought this unlocked so I could use Straight Talk and was a little worried that it would be refurbished, wouldn't work with straight talk, or be some weird International version. Well, I have had it almost 6 months and it works wonderfully, synced up to Straight Talk with no problems at all, and is exactly as I hoped it would be at way less in price than the stores. In fact this is the second one I have bought as I also bought one for my daughter over a year and she also sings high praises.Great purchase!
I ordered a galaxy 5 unlocked along with another brand I was interested in. I had never had either of them available in a store where they were useable and therefore comparable. I ordered it with other products on a Thursday, they all said"order by o'clock and have it Saturday see shipping details. I did pay two day shipping. I believe I received this about 12 days later and it was an AT&T phone. I own a Samsung Tab 10. Love it. Not only is this phone nice. Easy on the eyes, good one handed operation and all the bells and whistles but the appeal for me was to have a device that would sync totally as a system with my tab finally. The phone I was comparing it with had all the same stuff and a lot more. I had decided to keep that one when the galaxy finally showed up. Even though the phone was stuffed with AT&T bloatware I seriously started to consider this phone. In the end even though I really hadn't wanted a large phone, I found it easier and more enjoyable to take advantage of all the bells and whistles with it. With the galaxy it just started looking like this flagships phone little brother. Trying real hard to be big brother but just not mature enough. Lol Dealing with the at&t problem did have a big effect on my decision. I wonder what a truly unlocked galaxy might have done to my decision.
Don't tell the wife. Christmas you know!
yes , nice cell phone good work and speed in the applications, very recommended
Excellent I received the phone on the expecting days, everything was good it was the right model SM-G900A, i need this model because of the bands in 4g that this particular model has (LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 17(700) ) and my carrier use the band 4 for the LTE. thanks to the sellers oatc2012.
Great phone. Takes fabulous pictures!
:)
works very well, no trouble
Enjoy
Bought this to replace my Samsung 4... Much better phone....... Would suggest this one......
Love the S5 just wish I could have gotten one that was a T-Mobile carrier phone. I have made do, but when you have spotty service it makes it very hard to make calls or send texts. Can't use wifi calling on t-mobile network.
Works great no complaints. Just wish it were cheaper to buy one for my dad.
Happy so far.
Perfect! Bought for hubby for birthday. He loves it
Excellent
Wow, not only was this lowest-price I found on the web, the phone literally was flawless. It looked brand new!! A trip to AT&T and a new SIM card and I was set. Heck the phone told me my Samsung S4 SIM needed be changed so of of its new features would work. FREE of charge BTW.
takes a little getting used to after having the s3 but I like it. the batter life is MUCH better than the s3
I would never know this was used and reconditioned! This Samsung looks brand new! It came in it's original box with the phone wrapped up. Great presentation. The phone was already charged so I could start using it as soon as I added my SIM card! Much better than my S4.
Scratched. Otherwise good condition
Great phone. Great phone. Great phone. It does so much. It is very fast. The battery lasts a lot longer than my last phone and charges up quickly. There are so many things this phone can do. Totally awesome
I love my Samsung S5 I would not trade it unless it got broken or something it does every thing I want it to .
fast and accurate service
Best phone I have ever had so far. My quality of life has went up dramatically. Thank you
Great experience in regards to shipping on time and setup of phone
Great camera. Easy to read text. Long battery life. Loving it!
Love my new phone. .works very well..should have been ordered it
Excellent
It came in an original Samsung packaging, with all accessories (headphones, USB cord, charger, manuals). I had to order the screen protector separately. It is ATT branded and loaded with too much unnecessary junk. I can't figure out how to remove most of it, since I am not using it. I use it with Cricket and also ATT, works well.
Like it..thank you
Christmas present for son, who loved it.
This is an incredible phone. It is like carrying a small computer in my pocket.l It does everything well.
A very good phone. It was what I expected and more. It works very well with Straight Talk.
It's awesome I'm enjoying my s5
I was at first skeptical of buying a refurbished phone, but after extensive research, coupled with the seller's sales history and ratings, I decided it should be a safe purchase. The phone works great! Everything was included as advertised. I had some initial trouble getting it on my phone carrier's network, but this issue and the responsibility of the issue is external of Amazon, the seller, or even the phone for that matter. That issue lies solely with the way that carrier locks an IMEI number to a SIM card, which all other carriers do not do. You can usually just swap an existing SIM into a new phone and go (usually with a couple hours before it autoconfigs). Not with MetroPCS.What can I say? The phone is great. The seller (BREED) was awesome and answered all my questions, and even provided options for me to return/refund/RMA/exchange the device while I was having issues getting it connected to the new network. Thankfully I was able to get the issue resolved without having to go that route.
The S5 was all I expected and more having come from a Motorola Bravo.
Excellent
My wife loves it
Picture shows and other reviewers said they got a case with phone, I got only the phone. Works great on consumer cellular, they were great helping me set it up, used micro sim from phone I upgraded from, phone is actually a at&t phone, you can't uninstall their apps but you can turn them off in the app Mgr so their icons don't show up.
Great
Satisfied
A wonderful phone! This is by far the best phone I have ever had. It is loaded with a crap ton of features, I'm still trying to learn them after having the phone for a few weeks. It is fast, so far has been able to handle everything I've thrown at it. The camera is fairly good too, 16mp and great 1080p video. It has a smooth motion setting that makes your video incredibly clear and smooth frame rate. So far I am absolutely loving it. The only downside to it is that the battery is kind of weak. My phone is at about 40-50% by the time I get home from work with light use all day. Aside from that one thing, this phone is a great buy for the price I got it.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00K15KRV6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_22
great phone
Amazing
Phone works really great, no lags or bugs. Only criticism is the wall charger did not work out the box and there was no headset as described, but the cord itself was fine. 2 small scratches on it that is now covered up with a case so it still looks brand new. Screen has no scratches or dents, looks unused. Great price and amazingly fast shipping. I would recommend this to anyone with a GSM carrier that wants a great up to date smartphone.
One of the best purchases I have ever made on Amazon. The phone works flawlessly! Couldn't have asked for any better!
The phone works well with a few minor scratches and dents but that was detailed in the description. I have been using this for 3 months and there has have been no major issues. I would purchase again but would probably step up to buy a phone in Great condition since on occasion a button will jam.
I like
Love it. Best thing I've bought this year by far!
It's Perfect!!!
excelente 100% recomendable
Excellent. Ver good en ad time
Got the phone yesterday, everything working great.PROS:- films in 4k video ( will not allow you to snap pics while in this mode which is fine )- films in 1080p HD Video for a lower resolution- 16 MP camera with a host of settings ( ISO 100-800 )- Mic is awesome for pod casts or voice journals- Lots of Apps- Screen Resolution amazing (1920x1080) super AmoledNo cons right now
Price is good and the phone is great considering it is 2 generations old, but for 1/3 the price of the s7, I'll take it!
Love my Galaxy S5 on Verizon. Bought this version for my husband to experiment with Straight Talk using the At@T towers. Came with Kit Kat, Updated to Lollipop and now waiting for update to Marshmallow. Seems to be working fine. Husband is learning to use.
excelente
This phone is a nice phone working very well. no problem on it.
Excellent
Phone met all my expectations and more ++++. Delivery was faster than expected. And phone was in a like NEW condition.
Arrived on time, the item works perfectly
I love it
Is is what I expected. Arrived on time. Came in original box.
Excellent celphone...
Got a refurbished one. Everything works. Only signs of damage was a nick on the plastic on the side. But it was refurbished. So my expectations were met perfectly.
Excelent
Excellent
Great phone. Great pics. Fast delivery.
Nice mobile
Great phone . Some differences from S3 but works fine .
I used Samsung phones for a while and had always been a kind of underwhelmed by the Aesthetics of the devices. But the S5 is a different story it really is a sharp device. My refurbished one runs like a brand new piece of technology.
thanks everything perfect.
Phone is great, no issues, almost all Android apps are compatible with it. Only one issue, my back cover chipped and peeled within a week and I have to use duct tape to keep it on.
Great product and fast delivery!!
Charger provided was off brand, resulting in super slow charging speeds. Otherwise, great phone!
Love it. Great Deal
I love the phone!"it is so cool...it is like an extention of my body....I take it everywhere with me...
STILL loving this phone..I was suspicious since it took longer than usual to deliver( it happens) but this company took the fear away and gave me an extra 30 days warranty. VERY THOUGHTFUL. It's been going strong ever since. I appreciate the professionalism and live my phone
Bought this as a gift for my mom! very good product! authentic and works well. my mom was a happy camper!
Good phone but overheating
I love the phone very much. It came with everything except the headsets. No scratch, no dense, looks just like new!
i have been using my new phone from June 13 so far im in love with it......but now its June 21 I started having issues with the back space arrow restarting normally helps soim guessing its a software issue because the screend gets active like I'm touching it also
I don't see any reason why people should waste money buying S6 or S7. This phone has all the features you will actually use as good as other phones and is at half the price.
I really like this phone. Nice size and light weight.
I love my Samsung S5 I would not trade it unless it got broken or something it does every thing I want it to .
fast and accurate service
Best phone I have ever had so far. My quality of life has went up dramatically. Thank you
Great experience in regards to shipping on time and setup of phone
Great camera. Easy to read text. Long battery life. Loving it!
Love my new phone. .works very well..should have been ordered it
Excellent
Yes, it did love it
works good
Works very well, and looks as promised. Loving my new phone!
I really like it
little scratches on the side but it works fine came on time
Had problems at first but with the warranty on it with Samsung it was fixed in no time.
Works great on Net 10 here in PR.
It came promptly and packaged well. The phone is working and still getting use to it. And was compatible with Straight Talk. Glad chose it over Iphone
Love this phone
It is so great. Has a lot of easy ...
I love this samsung galaxy s5 really everythingIs Fine & nothing problem, even the price is fair.
Great phone great price!
no regret . my first smart phone. the best choice I ever made excellent item .thank you Amazon. positive experience with online purchase
I ordered this item from seller Wireless Experts, Inc. and so far Im VERY happy with this purchase. The item was suppose to arrive on friday but actually came in 2 days early on Wed and all emails/questions were answered proptly from this seller. Still getting use to and trying everything out but so far no problems. The area i live in is mainly covered by AT&T (Southcentral KY and most of TN) which is why I chose this version of the galaxy so I could make sure it all worked. I use this phone with pre paid straight talk and have no issue, phone works and so does the 4G and 4G LTE internet is blazing fast. Ive had other friends buy other unlocked phones and have problems with 4G LTE off of the AT&T towers but being this is an AT&T version you shouldnt have any issue in areas covered by them (Or as in my case any pre paid service that works off the AT&T network like straight talk). One minor downside is even tho its unlocked all AT&T software/apps CAN NOT be uninstalled only disabled but for me its not a real big issue
Wonderfull
Upgraded to this after completely annihilating my s4 mini (it served its purpose well over the years). I didn't really see the need to get one of the latest Galaxy cell phones so i got the S5 as the specs are just as good as the latest phones (and let's face it guys, specs on these phones are overkill for most apps). Only thing I really have a problem with is the bigger size of the phone, as my hands are used to smaller phones. I see they have a setting to make one handed control a bit easier so I will check that out if I need to. But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
Grieta Cellphone
Arrived on time and just as it was described, a NEW U LOCKED phone. Was super simple to set up when I called Cricket CS.This one replaced my LG phone. Had an S3 in the past and was devestated when it stopped working, and this one picked right back up with where I had left off. Had ZERO learning curve!
Good phone...
Loved it...
exselente
Great.
VERY GOOD AND EXCELLENT PRODUCT DELIVERY
EXCELENTE
Excellent quality. They arrived on time. I am very happy with my phone
I can't complain much about it. It does what it's meant to do and I'm happy with my purchase.
Phone is nice, I love it.
Good cell I like I recommend it came with everything new.
Even though this phone was used, it looked brand new. No signs of use or anything.
Very pleased with the phone and the service
was an awesome phone, although I had to return it because it was not compatible with Boost :-(
great device. great seller
I was talked into a Windows Nokia phone 3 years ago and have hated it from the first day. The GalaxyS5 is very user friendly, unlike the Windows. Phone
As described
Good.
Excellent quality, prompt delivery, very satisfied customer. Love it when sellers deliver what they promise! (THANKS)
Yay! Glad I bought three of these tried and tested S5 phones - at least my house is not at risk of burning down.All brand new - worked great - and charge quickly..
Great price, and in perfect condition.
Kargia
It would be a five star but when my dad recieved the charger didn't work so my dad had to buy another charger but so far he says the phone is good . Honestly, I would recommend you but if please check your chargers before shipping them.Overall, it's a great buy.
I had an iphone 4 and was hesitant to switch platforms. Samsung has a program you can install on your computer to transfer data from an iphone to a Samsung without any issues. That worked perfectly. I love the phone. The camera is better, the processor is faster and I don't have the dead spots for service that I had with my iphone. I didn't change carriers, so it wasn't the carrier. It was the phone. I won't go back to an iphone.
Works great, screen is clear and bright, functions perfectly, and meets my expectations.
Samsung is the new big thing to me. I just love the features and the screen size and clarity.
in great condition
Said condation was very good and when I got it I could not find any ware on the phone. Very satisfied.
Works great. Has a tiny bit of scratches on the frame, but it looks fabolous. I was able to activate it with my phone company without a problem. Extremely pleased.
Awesome phone
Great phone
Fair price.
I've seen a lot of negative reviews on this phone; a lot of complaints. I've not had any problem at all with it, nor have any complaints about it. IVe had it for 2 wks. It's got great reception and is a very fast phone. However, this could always have something to do with your service and area you live in that determines how well that is. Has nothing to do with the actual phone. It has awesome camera quality! It has a lot of ringtones. It has several wallpapers. Short time to fully charge! Slow to lose full charge unlike the iphone I had. With this phone, you can download free music unlike the iPhone I had that went through itunes, which I never used anyway because you have to pay for music. But android phones such as this one probably all come with the option of downloading music for free through Google Play. This phone has already been dropped a few times and no breakage. It even has a different kind of sound if and when it drops; a more thump sound-sturdier unlike the iPhone which is glass and far more fragile. This phone is also very light-weight. My son's phone-like this one, he accidentally dropped out of his second-story window. It didn't break at all. He also accidentally left it in the freezer overnight. Lol It worked fine the next day. This phone also shows a list of all available wifi connections nearby unlike the iPhone I had. This one picks up on wifi nearby all the time which my iphone didn't. Even without the use of wifi uee, the 4G on it works great. It already comes with a screen protector, which was failed to be mentioned in the description. However, I'd bought one anyway not knowing it already came with one. So I'm also using that one. So it can fit two screen protectors if you want. Not necessary of course. But I certainly don't mind. Makes me feel like the phone's screen is even more securely protected. This phone is said to be waterproof. However, I have no use to purposely test that out. Lol I've heard the blood pressure feature doesn't work nor the fingerprint lock screen. I haven't tested either of those out either. Even IF they don't work properly, I still think this is an amazing phone. Besides, those two features aren't really necessary; nice to have I guess. Shouldn't determine how good the phone is overall. I don't regret for a minute buying this phone. I love it!
Great phone and got on time
I am super happy that I got the Samsung S5. I got it about 1 month ago from SCE Enterprise.I picked it for its camera, and I have been continuously impressed at the resolution. The system provides various special features, e.g. video stabilization, burst shots, face detection, and then the usual, white balance, ISO, exposure value. The front facing camera is useful, good enough to skype.The processor is fast, turning it on and off takes about 30 seconds. I downloaded ~25 apps, and it runs fine.The speakers are not very loud, not enough for me to sing along during a shower.The charging portal is not a conventional one, which is unpleasant because I need to buy several more. And if I forget one when I am away from home, my friends won't have extras.The battery life is pretty low, maybe 1 percentage decrease per 1.5 minutes. If I am watching something 3 hours straight, it would be dead. Overnight, it goes down about 12 % just on standby. The battery is a regular Samsung battery.I am on an AT&T plan, and the phone adjusted smoothly. I had to go to the store to exchange for a smaller SIM card, which took about 30 minutes. The only bump was when my data didn't work due to an old APN. So, I added a new one for ATT and it works fine now.Overall, I am super pleased.
Excellent service and product! I am delighted!
This was purchased for my wife and it is an excellent product. She uses the camera all the time and the cellular function has been perfect. She is pleased and that makes me happy. In particular the ability to open the camera app when you are logged out is a very important aspect of the Galaxy S5 and the fact that it is somewhat weather resistance is a big plus.
I bought this as a gift so I don't have any daily use with it, but it was in great condition when I got it, and it's been in use for a little over a week now and no reported problems. It runs just as well if not better than my own GS5.
Awesome phone! My 15 year old received it for Christmas and loves it!
Did not receive all the manuals that should have been in the package for a new product.
Got it as a gift for dad and he loves it. Amazing quality and comes in its original packaging. I use metro pcs and i was able to get it connected within a couple of minutes. Love everything about this phone
excellent
Brand new Samsung Galaxy S5 as listed. Put my son's Cricket SIM in and was enjoying LTE service in minutes.
Yes I did!
Great product & wonderful customer service!!!
Working good
Super phone.
Love this phone! It charges and stays charged much faster than the iPhone I previously had.
Can't complain twas over expectation
Like it very much
Love it. Just as expected!
Beautiful phone, works great!
Great picture quality , lots of space to download apps. Absolutely great deal on the phone. Have no issues so far would recommend this phone to my friends and family. amazon you rock.
I bought this phone foe my husband , he loves it and prefer to have this over iPhone.
There's nothing that can compare to a galaxy camera. The S5 is a bit bulky for my taste, but 2014 was the year for it. Thankfully it's not as ridiculous looking as the IPhone6+. I purchased an open GSM formerly Verizon version, it proved to be difficult, not sending or accepting MMS or Group Messages. Seller:LaptopAid had incredible customer service in attempting to fix the problem. The price was great at less than $175. I will be returning for my next phone purchase.
Great phone.
Pretty good device, works great on international lines.
Received wrong phone the first time but the second time I received the right phone. Still pretty fast for an older phone. Front camera SUCKS!! Other than that no complaints.
Arrived in good condition and in a timely manner. There was no user manual (only a "start up" leaflet) but I downloaded the fulluser manual for use on my computer. There was also no warranty card included, but I did register the phone on Samsung'sweb site.
very good
This phone was for my grandson, so i don't have first hand experience, but he said it's good and everything he expected it to be.
Everything fit nice and I have not received the phone yet.
Great phone. However I will upgrade to s7 soon.
It's Original! Bought this as new. I was worried, with all the comments about ordering new and getting remanufactured or worse a clone from various vendors. First thing I did before even loading SIM card was to install application "Phone Info - Samsung" from Play Store to verify was new/original - it was. Item was promptly shipped and arrived in good shape.As for phone itself. It is unlocked (using Consumer Cellular) but is loaded with ATT screen logo and apps plus tied to ATT store. You will want to use the ATT store to immediately upgrade the phone to Android 5.1.1. The phone does not come with a user manual or any other documentation. You will want to go to Samsung website to get the S5 user manual for Android 5.1.1 and to register the phone. The manuals on ATT are not up to date.This is not the S5 Active version but is supposed to be waterproof. I might trust if getting damp in rainstorm but do not expect it to survive drop in toilet or other water hazard. One thing that does annoy me is the screen does not rotate 180 degrees for applications. This makes it impossible to put on stand in portrait mode when plugged into charger. Even worse is the screen does not rotate at all for any home screen and many applications. I am surprised at this as I have the 8in Samsung Tab 3 and this is not an issue. For some reason, for many apps, the phone does not hold settings when a application is updated. After every update cycle I have to check SD Card under Application management to move apps back onto SD Card. That and default apps can be reset and/or removed from home screens.I purchased the S5 instead of the S6 because you can replace batteries and insert an optional SD memory card. The S6 no longer has these features. All though the S5 is noted for long battery life, you will want a spare. With a fully charged battery I started a one hour Skype call. After the Skype call I was down to 48%. I haven't yet played multi-hour video but suspect you may want to stay plugged in or have spare battery ready.
This is my see conditions galaxy. Love them.
The product as per specification. Though AT&T logo on phone, it was unlocked and we are able to use for T-Mobile. Delivered timely.We are satisfied.
So far, so good. I hesitate to give five stars, simply because I've only had this phone for a week. My primary concern with this kind of purchase, as is demonstrated in some reviews with such products, is whether this previous generation of smartphone is truly new and authentic. Once the newest and hottest smartphone version hits the market, any remaining new stock of the previous version is discontinued or swiped up fast (particularly if the previous version is better than the newest). As anyone who has been looking for these models can attest, a lot of the options are refurbished, open-box, unlocked, or most importantly claimed as new but not really. Then you have the issue with whether the model is "international", GSM or something else that might prevent it from doing what the buyer wants it to do.So, I'm happy that I found this at a reasonable price and from a seller that I was able to research and develop some confidence in. I was also able to rely on the Amazon return policy in case things didn't work out. BlutekUSA is the seller, in my case, and I have been quite happy with the result. I believe the phone is indeed new, and perhaps even factory-unlocked versus the seller doing it. And it is the real deal, with all the standard, original accessories included.The phone itself works quite well, compared to my Galaxy S3. I have T-Mobile, and this is an AT&T unlocked phone (that's what the "A" means, in the G900A model), but I was able to simply take my SIM out of my old phone and insert it into the new phone, do some manual setting of the 4G ling so that I could highlight and pick T-Mobile (more networks, mobile networks, APN setting to T-Mobile), and everything works fine. The performance is improved. The battery is stronger, longer lasting and recharges much faster than the Galaxy S3. It was already updated to Android 5.0 Lollipop, and while not a rooted device, I'm satisfied with the operation.
Nice good deal
This review is for the Galaxy S5 specifically from Bluetek. The phone I received from this company was new and in original packaging. A charger, battery and earbuds were included. The phone arrived well packed and in perfect condition. Everything works perfectly and I am very happy with the product. My only complaint is all the bloat ware that is included with these phones but that is Samsung, not the vendor. If this is the phone you want then I would recommend this vendor as being reliable.
Nice phone
Great phone, does everything I need and more
If you purchase from a reputable vendor you will get exactly the brand new AT&T compatible Samsung S5 that works immediately on any AT&T/GSM network as soon as you plug in your sim card. I got mine from GoodGuys.BEWARE: My first purchase, from Supreme Deals 18, resulted in my getting a cheap Chinese knock off that didn't recognize the sim card, had slightly different packaging and booted up in Chinese. I had to return it.
Love it!!!! Shipped in a timely manner just as promised. Easy to set up and works with straight talk plan. Great price too :)
Phone works great.....I love it.
Exelent!!!...
It arrives perfect as I saw it and looks so beautiful. Thanks I am so happy for have it again with me.
Great phone and just what i wanted. I would recommend this phone to anyone that likes android phones. I changed from apple to this phone
excelente a-1
I recommend the seller. It is very good!!
DELIVERED ON TIME AND THE PHONE IS GREAT!
Thank you.
works great
Great phone. Streaming videos, movies, etc. is excellent with a great, clear picture. I am greatly impressed.
Completely satisfied with this phone. Nothing to complain about.
I have had the phone worked for a week now in a South American country that operates with Claro carrier. I had to update a firmware to verify that this phone could be compatible with my services in Ecuador and that was only a 20$ extra for it. Through and through this has worked fine and I have not had a single problem since.
I love this phone ,it has so my great apps and is easy to use.
Great Phone, wish it had more internal memory, ATT is ridiculous for offering a 16 gig phone in this day and age
Top left corner has a slight gap where it joins to the back that does not affect function. Not worth the postage to exchange it but bugs me that my new phone that I love in every other way doesn't look right (and may not be as water-resistant as it's supposed to be?).
I love the phone! It came quickly and was unlocked and the model I ordered, and my changing carriers worked fine. Many great features on phone and beautiful display. A great improvement over my iPhone 4 in so many ways
Great phone! Upgraded from the Galaxy S3 and glad that I did. This phone came with AT&T bootloader and their default apps but not a big deal for me. This phone is definitely unlocked. I am using my T-Mobile sim card and have yet to experience any connection issues. Soon I will be switching to Straight Talk and will update my post if any issues come up. I am using this phone in the U.S. and usually have 4G LTE almost everywhere. One minor issue for me is that I can not get Android Lollipop yet but Kit Kat is still an upgrade for me.
The only thing that i cannot use is the phone as a Internet router and i dont know why.all the rest ia great!
The only thing to have into account is tha the cellphone is from AT&T, so, if you dont have an AT&T chip you couldnt download any update.
Nice phone, bought it for parents, easy to use for them as they have never had one before.The battery that came with it was loosing conection and turning phone off, they sent a new one and haven't had any problems. Just a fluke I guess.
The product was delivered on time and was as described. I was replacing a Motorola phone and this is a terrific phone. I am still learning how to use it and its capabilities.
great phone at good price!
It is great product. I would recommend it to everyone.
Excellent choice of cellphone.
Great price for a great phone. Even though it is unlocked I went with AT&T so I could get hassle free up-dates without rooting my phone. Even though it doesn't have the 8 core processor of the S6, the ability to add a 128MB Micro-SD card allow me to carry a awesome amount of music with me.
Outstanding phone at a great price!
Is being a month since I bought a galaxys6 active and I haven got any problem thank you
Thank u very matchI bought s6 active goodAnd it looks like new without any scratchesBut the battery is not good
Great phone, large display for size of screen, however the battery drain is high.
Has all I wanted in a smart phone at a fabulous price. It is just as I expected it to be. I like the size, quality, clarity, and user friendly format.
NOT OVERLY FAMILIAR WITH VERBAGE.
Love this phone, everything i need
As expected
So far I like the phone very much.
GOOD LOTS TO LEARN
We are still getting used to our phones but I must admit they are more than I imagined.
Phone price great. Service price expensive.
Still learning usage, but seems perfect for my needs.
The phone is fabulous! With my difficulty seeing small print, this is the first phone ive found that gives me no frustration. It is simple to use and I can read it too!
Met my expectations except for price...advertised versus what actually adds up to.
Still learning how best to use it, but it seems promising compared with other models.
Very easy for seniors who want to venture into an easy phone that can have a few basic apps like Uber.
I ordered this phone for my 91 years old dad. He loves it. Very easy for him to use. He brags that the phone is smarter than he is.
very easy to use
This phone is easy to set up and easy to use.I'm not using all the apps. Just need to turn on what you need. Everything is easy to find on home screen.
Very nice phone. Could be a little easier to get from one page to another,but in all I'm very satisfied.
Fabulous
I AM VERY NEW TO A SMART PHONE. I AM LEARNING SLOWLY. I LIKE THAT I CAN SPEAKER TEXT. I NEVER TEXTED BEFORE. I HAVE NOT TAKEN PICTURES YET. I ONLY GAVE IT 4 STARS BECAUSE I HAVE NOT USED EVERYTHING YET
THE PHONE WORKS GREAT ,EASY TO USE ,WE ARE 70 SO IF WE CAN SO CAN YOU
Nice phone, wide area of coverage and this can be changed to an advanced android screen.
Great phone for my needs. I replaced an LG Optimus G Pro - more features than I wanted/needed. This phone does all I need - and more - and is VERY easy to use. Wish the screen was as large as my LG, though.
nice
This case provides support for the Jitterbug Touch 3. It does not prevent breaking if you drop the phone and does not help with protection from water but it adds grip support for the phone. I like it.
This Jitterbug Phone is perfect for our needs. Very easy to use.
I love it. The fact that if needed during the night in one move it will dial 911. These others that make you swipe first are of no value in an emergency. I like seeing everything without glasses. Great camera that takes good pictures. It does as little or as much as you want. The only thing it does not do is offer caller ID so your call just shows a cell phone call coming. Not a big deal.
Very easy to use. But monthly charges are so expensive I may not keep it.
all that was expected
Fast shipping. Exactly as advertised -- works great!! AAAAA+++++
love it
Best of both worlds for seniors...I love it.
Great little phone, but touch very sensitive. Get too many miss dials if your fingers stutter.
this phone is ok for seniors except it is a pain to turn off. DO NOT activate the voice prompts option or you will tear your hair out trying to get your phone to work again. I think that with all things considered I could have just as well got a recon any type of smart phone from tracfone at a much greater savings. The simplified senior layout isn't really all that simple. This phone will work with tracfone service but you have to call them and insist on speaking to a supervisor. I do not like the idea of paying every month for jitterbug service. So my recommendationb is to pass on this and get a recon from tracfone instead.
Good phone just one thing on it I did not want but could not get around it called data did not want it.
Excellent value, setup was simple, quick and easy, everything as advertised. Perfect size for me, since I have no interest in games or watching videos on a cell phone. It allows the calling and texting that are sufficient for me, with occasional access to websites.
I'm old! I just don't need, nor want a full featured iPhone quality cell phone. With that in mind, this is an excellent choice for me. If I had designed it I would have changed a few things, but not much. Basically I wanted an easy to use telephone, with a camera, and the ability to, on very rare occasions, use it on the internet. It is all of that.
Good basic touch phone without lots of bells and whistles. The camera feature does not zoom which makes it somewhat limited. It would be nice if the keyboard was bigger.
This phone is really great! As a "senior", I really don't like all the fancy stuff with other phones and because I have to wear glasses, the numbers are all BIG so there is no problem there. It has a lot of great features including if you have medical problems, etc and need to contact someone in the event of an emergency. Great phone!
Made the switch from flip phone, and love it!
Easy to use. Comes with instruction manual that is a great resource. Great Call staff are polite, friendly, patient and eager to assist.
Ok for old people... but then it begs the question, why is the product and service priced so high. It has basic functionalities so it doesn't require intensive processing power, or servicing for that matter. The service and phone should be cheaper.
Mr.oakeshott has written avery clear and very interesting exlaination of knightly armour and it's use.
Love this little phone! Play lots of Solitaire on it as well as talk. I have had Great Call service for several years and think they are the best. Good prices and good service.
I think this is a great phone .
This is a great smart phone for those of us who has limited requirements. I do almost no texting, and don't require much in the way of data usage, so I am completely satisfied. I use it mostly to check and send emails when not at the computer.,
This phone is very easy to use. I'm especially grateful for all the directions that are provided.
Love It!!!
Love this phone with the added 5star feature. The data plan etc. is affordable and have already begun to enjoy using this phone
I am no a senior but I need the great call service because I have heart issues. I had the basic flip phone and it broke and being used to Android I found it too basic for me. So I purchased the smartphone so I could have the usual android experience. I used the advanced home screen but this phone also has a basic straight forward screen if you are new to smartphones. I transferred my service and like always the great call peeps were friendly and helpful and helped me get activated rather painlessly. The phone seems pretty good for 150 bucks and has a decent amount of memory for apps. The calling plans are very flexible and economical depending on how much you plan to use the phone. The coverage is good even in the country. The phone works well and shipping was fast thanks to Amazon prime. I think this would make a great first smartphone for seniors and the great call service is in my humble opinion so much better and more flexible than the I've fallen and can't get up button. The only downside is the lack of accessories, specifically screen protectors for it.
Love it. Easy to use!
Easy to use, and great help from the Jitterbug folks to get started.
Got this phone for my husband who is in early stages of dementia. It is a great phone for any senior, and I love the 5 start touch button that allows the caller to get immediate assistance ( additional cost, but worth it. ). I think I will be getting this phone for myself once my iphone stops working.
Easy to use
It's great--even a senior such as myself can use it!
got it for my MIL and she loves it. Easy to use and see.
It was a gift for a visiting friend and provided a feeling of Security during her stay.
Admittedly I am what is nowadays considered to be an "old dinosaur" I guess. I have for years been very reluctant to get any type of cell phone and especially a "smart phone" mainly because I wasn't smart enough or "tech-savvy" enough to know how to use one properly. When you consider the facts that I grew up in the days of a "party line" phone in my parents house as a kid, and even when I gave service as a Vietnam Veteran we all went through compass & map reading classes before the advent of G.P.S. systems---I just was not very receptive to the whole concept of using a portable telephone. But thanks to this Samsung Jitterbug Touch 3 - "senior citizen" - (I dislike this term also...) phone and the outstanding customer service people at GreatCall, I actually have learned to like and use this phone very much now. It is a high-quality smart phone but does not make me feel ignorant when using it because it's so simple to operate. Also the extra added advantage of having emergency medical help available and the assistance from the GreatCall folks 24/7 is so reassuring to have. The very kind folks at GreatCall were so extremely patient with my ignorance and took the extra time to help me out anytime that I needed it and carefully explained everything that I wasn't up to speed on. They even credited my account when I did not realize initially that I could use my home WI-FI for internet usage on the phone as well. I would personally highly recommend this phone and the super service from GreatCall for anybody that is from my era or "cell phone reluctant" folks such as myself.
Bought this for my elderly mother. With some training, she has been able to use the phone. It makes texting and taking pictures simple too. Got a great inexpensive plan. Overall, very happy with it.
very good except battery had to be replace
I like it....It does all I need. Since, I don't really do much internet on the phone, I can't say how effective it is for that. However, e-mails come up easy. I still have not used the camera but it looks very straight forward. So for everything is good.
My wife loves it. She gave me the Samsung Galaxy 3 and got the Jitterbug. Very easy to use. Highly recommended for those who don't need all the sophisticated refinements and apps that other phones typically have.
Great for my husband
This is a good product, at an outstanding price. I didn't realize it had to be programmed before use, and I thought it was lacking some icons and features and mistakenly returned it. I'm repurchasing it this afternoon. I definitely recommend it as to quality and price. Amazon is excellent at aiding one in terms of returning a product, and is quite fast with a refund or credit.
This is a Samsung Galaxy Ace phone,if you go looking for a cover. Like the bigger icons and pretty easy to use. Not that great of camera, but I didn't buy it for that.
It's my first Smart Phone. Pretty easy to learn to use. The instruction booklet is good to learn the basic functions but does not explain details. Like, I have not been able to figure out if I can upload photos directly onto my computer without emailing them to myself first. Had trouble with my bank app taking photos of the checks because the camera would not autofocus until I learned to tap anywhere in the field first so they were too fuzzy to record.Overall, I like the Great Call Company and this phone was incredibly affordable. I'm hoping as the operator I will get a lot "Smarter" over time. I've only had it for 6 weeks.
Gramma is thrilled! She's quite hard of hearing, but she hears better on this phone than any other. So far, she has learned to make a call, take a call and little more, but she's 92 and techno-challenged. We hope to teach her more but so far, it's her favorite Christmas present!
For my mother in law, and just right for "slowly climbing" into today's technology. Gives the ability not only to place and receive calls but also to benefit from texts, photo sharing, picture taking and all the rest that makes a smartphone so very enjoyable!Good product, good cell access.
My 70 year old Mom loves this! It is not only there for her in Emergencies, but Uncomputer Savvy her is now using Facebook & Email.
this phone is great,.very easy to use,it has to be charged every night but that is no big deal. and the service plan is $50 per month .for unlimited talk and text. i bought this for half price, even full price is a bargain,
As expected!
Purchased this for my Mother-in-law who is in her 80's and not very tech savvy. Wasn't sure whether to get her a smartphone, but she loves it and can use a lot of the functions .....not all, but enough to enjoy the phone for her purposes.
Great value. I paid $29 for this brand new Touch 3 Jitterbug phone. My wife paid $140 for hers in Best Buy before we knew better. I and my sister in law bought ours here.
still trying to figure it out
I love the size, I the size and it is easy to read. I've even learned to text. Not tech savvy, so I'm A bit slow to learn all uses. But enjoying it more than I thougt.
love it
In service immediately and is most helpful
would buy it again
WORKS GOOD, BUT HAVE TO GET USE TO IT.
Just the smart fone we have been seeking
I gave it to my Mother as a gift. First cell she ever owned and she actually loves it. The phone is very simple to use. Thank you Great Call!
good phone good customer service
No comments
don't know how to use it yet
Great little hone- easy to use. Still learning it some- just watch close when selecting "apps ' the 911 button is close :-) I have called them twice when I first got the phone. Other wise- love it , the price and size.
Very good phone.
Love it. Easy to use!
I bought this phone for my mother who lives 1200 miles away from me. This company, Great Call, has exceptional customer service. I've called them several times because it's taken a few months to determine which plan is best for my mother's needs and my budget. The representatives answer calls quickly, are attentive, understanding, and friendly. Also, to my amazement, a rep recommended that my mother call them from her landline to go over features of the phone that she had trouble understanding. Do the major carriers do that? No way. Also, it is very easy to monitor her usage on-line and the paper bills are easy to understand and in large print. If you want to offer an inexpensive, valuable phone service to a senior loved-one, I highly recommend you use this company.
I dropped mine and broke the screen. They were twice as expensive as this one through the company. Saved a lot of money and that is always good.
Great phone for Seniors. Easy to set it up the way you want.
I was very happy with my order I would recommend them to anybody. Great service!
It works excellent for my needs
This phone is nothing but #AWESOME. The picture quality alongside with the initial device itself is great. To be honest, it's worth the price and even my friends like the phone.
Excellent!! Phone from Samsung. worth of money. As this is the latest 2016 edition which come's with almost new features.
I liked the version Samsung China has wireless charger, 3 gb of ran, is fast I have no problem with it for the moment.
My daughter LOVES her phone! Came dual sim as advertised! I also bought a J710M (for me) and was extremely disappointed that it was single sim (upon opening packaging)! I should have just bought 2 J7108!!
I have had my cel for a few days and it works well, it is exactly as advertise, but (and that's why the 4 stars) the battery gets hot a lot after 5 min of use, it shouldn't happen. Anyway I'm happy with my purchase because at that price I can't buy this product in my country. I'm from Uruguay and it works fine here.
Best product, amazing phone i'm very happy with it
Excellent phone for the price.
Very good
Great product - thanks
Excelente..
Delivery was excellent 5 stars for efficiency , however I can't rate this product since I purchase it to give it as a present in a couple of months . Once I verify at that time works well I will rate it or return it
I love the long life battery. Limited instructions though.
Just a time!!!
Excellent
Works perfect.
I'm happy with my product thanks
This is a Samsung, remember? Works as advertised.
Simple and does the functions I paid for.
Pleased with purchase. Need to get the cover that also forms a stand for the IPad.
The product did not bring headphones to disappointment and while I like listening to music
Is this phone lightning fast? No. It's also one hundred dollars no contract, not five or six hundred. As for the comments about the phone being small: yes. It's small (judged by phone standards... it's still not "small"). It's one of the few small phone options available. Not every phone has to double as a tablet.
excelente
work very well,
Small but powerfull.
great 3.5 inch phone, and you can use samsung young s5360's batteries (1500 mah available on amazon). it's pretty much perfectly sized to me.
EXCELENTE!!
Yes, it is very small, but that is why I love it. I am not using it with data. I just wanted a smartphone interface and touchscreen. The battery is thus very very long lasting. I am sure it wouldn't be as good if I were to use data regularly. There is no lag or performance issue that I have come across yet.
I received the order on Schedule . But am yet to put it in use. It's when I use the product that I can talk of the quality thanks
very nice and cute phone, i loved it! thanks, amazon and seller. i'm not really into big cell phones but this is the perfect size for me. even my friends think it's cute.
The phone is nice but for the screen size had I known it was that small I wouldnt have bought it. For few $ more you can buy the same brand at twice the screen size.
EXCELENTE!
nice
EXCLNETE
I'm new with Samsung or Android, I was always an iOS girl, mainly because my iPod touch and iPod nano always worked very well for me. I recently bought this phone because I hadn't any smart phone and my beloved iPhone was very expensive for my budget. So I decided to pick a Samsung phone among the huge range they have (which is a positive thing, of course) and this phone fitted my requirements very well. It's compact but it's 3,5" screen is big enough to easily read or write, at least for me. The design and white color gives it a neat and classy look that I adore. The Android 4.4.2 works very well and have a lot of features and details that are very well appreciated. The only thing that makes me unhappy is the fact that Tweeter sometimes can take minutes to load (minutes, could you believe it?) and I do not find any reason for this behaviour. I've only had this phone three weeks, but till now, so far so good.
Excellent
ok
Excelente
¡Excelente!
i love
Good though the actual size is smaller than the pic in the advert.the touch screen needs more taping to respond.but generaly it is a good dual sim phone
I order this phone for my mother who needs smartphone with very basic function, reasonable price and small-pocket size. this phone suites for people like her. There was only one unsatisfactory thing that it doesn't contain earbuds.
For people like me who`s not really addited to cellphones and tecnology and thoses stuffs, it`s just great, I love it.
Small and pretty.
It's quite good and useful to have it on working outside everyday. It's simple and its technology is easy to understand.
The phone is slender and compact but has internet access. A good phone for the price and I would recommend the product.
An easy to use basic phone that works on the 3g network. Voice and text are all that I use a phone for so it works great for me!
This is simply what I needed as a cellphone. Very satisfied. I recommend it to everyone who need an easy phone to operate. THX !!!
At time of purchase it was not unlocked!!!!!!!!!.After being unlocked it was very good.Would recommend to someone interested in the hassle of unlocking.
Great Product
Received Samsung phone quickly and it was well packed. This was a gift for my mother and she loved it. The pricing was very reasonable.
Small and very light, simple, when just a phone is needed. Amazing battery life.
Nice phone, basic options, no Bluetooth!
I needed a cheap, unlocked phone to take to Venezuela. This was both. Worked fine on Digital network.
Excellent phone! Everything was new and factory packed.
Very good simple phone.. I recommend this
good product
Vey very Good Phone
My Mom is travelling overseas and needs a phone to stay in contact. She also needed a simple phone similar to her regular AT&T phone; therefore this was a good choice for her to take overseas. Since it is unlocked she will be able to put the SIM card for that country in the phone and have local number there.
Well, I had to leave my smartphone at home and start looking for a no-camera phone due to a new job... No camera phones are allowed due to secret nature of the facility and I was not about to be cut off from the world for 9 hours a day. With this, I can get calls and txt, which is the absolute minimum for me. Web and facebook can wait, but I need to touch base with people during the day and be reachable in an emergency situation. This phone took my T-mobile SIM without any problems. With minimum use of some texting and some phone calls this phone stayed charged for a week. It's a great buy. I wished I could have gotten an old camera-less blackberry but without a blackberry data plan nothing works, etc, hence, this little phone. On weekends, I just slip the same SIM back into my normal phone.
I would say its a nice good looking phone the only thing about it is that they lie about the phone being unlock that's a lie I buy 2 of the phone thinking it was unlock like they sad and I end up taking the phone to a cell phone shop to be unlock the a the bigs lie
Nice little phone. Inserted Family Mobile sim card, and it works like a charm! The battery lasts for days without having to be recharged. I am very happy with this purchase!
The phone is slender and compact but has internet access. A good phone for the price and I would recommend the product.
An easy to use basic phone that works on the 3g network. Voice and text are all that I use a phone for so it works great for me!
This is a simple phone to talk and text. It works well. The sound quality is acceptable for the price. It has a micro usb charger which is the same charger used by most smartphones (android and windows) these days.
Phone is good if you just need a phone with none of the bells and whistles...would recommend it to friends and family.
Bought this for my 66 year-old mother who needs a simple phone to use in an emergency - she said, "It doesn't have a camera!?"Who knew!!
All I was looking for was an unlocked phone that would work with my Razr phone because all I am interested in is making & receiving calls - - - none of the other stuff. It was my understanding from my research that this phone was compatible with my old Motorola Razr cell phone. However, when I received it I discovered my sim card was a little too small and would not fit as it should in the slot. I checked the refund policy of Amazon and resigned myself that I was stuck with it. A couple of weeks later I was reading some experiences of others and how well they were treated by Amazon. All I had done was open the package, open the phone, and attempt to install my old sim card. So, I e-mailed Amazon and they were very nice and understanding. Amazon agreed to accept the phone back and give me a full credit of $39.99. The phone appeared to be "new" and first class for an old "dumb" phone so it is probably a great phone.
Easy to activate, easy to use simple flip phone. Cheaper and way better than old Sprint Sanyo flip phone it replaced. SIM card readily interchangeable. Battery life is very good. Screen size is small but usable. Keypad is easy to manipulate. Would recommend it if your looking for a good quality inexpensive flip phone.
Got the phoen it works well, the keys are a bit hard to press but other than that its good...
Very happy with the condition of the phone....even though it was new.It was exactly what I wanted! A keyboard and screen without the smartphone add ons and pricing.Also happy with the delivery time....received when promisedCould not have asked for more!!!
the phone is as described, excellent condition and packaging. i really love it. i am really excited and impressed overall very good
the phone was just as described. it is an excellent purchase for the price and i do believe i recieved it a day before it was scheduled to arrive. my daughter is very happy with it and she is an extreme texter!
This is a good camera! The sound and pictures are clear. The camera is very good and easy to use. Overall, I'd recommend this camera to anyone, but especially beginners.
Bought this phone a couple years ago and it is still working perfect. Great buy.
Very good
Still worki
A wonderfully simple phone for anyone who needs only basic functions: phone, text, photo. Nothing fancy, but a really good phone. Had two of them unlocked and would purchase again.
The phone works very well. It does not have very good ring tones, and does not take good pictures. It is hard to figure out how to use the question mark key as well as the exclamation key, but other than that, it is a really good phone.
This is almost perfect. It gets great reception, even with the antennae down, in fact I have only used the antennae once. The calls are clear, I have no problem hearing anyone I talk to and they have no problem hearing me. I love the color display on the outside. Very nice and unlike my old audiovox, I can see what time it is anytime I look at it without having to wait for the Verizon logo to change back over to the time. Being able to take pictures gives you SO much more choices for phone backgrounds. Right now my background is a unicorn picture that I had saved on my computer. ^_^ Below are what I think are the phone's pros and cons since I find pros and cons to be so helpful when I am shopping online.PROS:--great reliable Verizon reception--great call quality (no distorted or dropped phone calls)--ringer is quite loud (both the preloaded AND the downloaded and I don't have it on the highest setting)--camera takes pretty good pictures if it's main purpose is to take small pictures to send to friends & others or set as a phone background--battery life is good (the battery display is a little misleading (it says it's lower than it really is) but rest assured that you're good to go until it starts blinking)--display screen is bright and colorful and clear and the verizon logo doesn't take up half the screen and cut off the tops of my pictures like on my old audiovox--the phone is very nice looking and conveniently small (bigger than my old audiovox but currently the smallest phone availible from VerizonCONS:--no speakerphone!!! i haven't missed this feature yet but some people might really rely on this.--some features take some playing around time or manual reading to figure out (like how to change the txt msg ringer or set the phone to vibrate) of course if you always read your manual before using something than this isn't a problem for you.--no stopwatch feature like on my old audiovox. (you may not care about this, I haven't missed this feature, but I did like having it.--you can't turn the shutter sound off on the phone. This doesn't bother me, but it may bother some. You can change it to something else. Mine chimes and I hardly even notice it, but I like that it makes a sound so I know that the picture took.--no preloaded games but what phone comes with preloaded games these days except maybe nokia--the 15 preloaded ringtones are not the best, but I hardly ever use those anyway and the ones I do use I actually like for the purpose they serve (like txt msg alert)--the vibrate feature on the phone is not very strong which I like but some people like an electric-like shock to hit them when their phone goes off*This is the fourth cell phone I owned and I love this one the best. I liked my audiovox but it wasn't as cute as this one is.
Love the fact that I can swap sim cards and have a phone that works in Europe. Didn't even have to unlock it
Husband Love's This Phone Can Not Get Him To Upgrade LOL!!
It was perfect! just what i had been looking for and works great! really looks new and all cables were in great condition.
This is my 3rd phone with this model so I obviously like it, especially for people like me who do not need phones that require extra plans. It is user friendly and compact. I would recommend this product for people who want a simple reliable phone.
I had this phone before unfortunately it became water damaged. As I had my other phone for 1 1/2 years and really liked the simplicity of it I decided to order another one. It shipped must faster than I expected and I am very pleased with my new phone.
This is for my husband and he doesn't like the smart phones. This is perfect for what he needs it for.
I love this Phone and I use my own Ringtones and texting is great and I would recommend this Phone to anyone who wants a simple Phone to work,I love mine.
Great phone my Mom loves it fast shipping !!! This is her 3rd phone same make and model she loves it and is a big texter !!@
I really like this phone seems like it is made really good, I do not have AT&T as my sever I have devote30 for $30 a month unlimited and taxing ,and this phone works grate ,it is a perfect size phone not to big or to small, I like that fact that I can go to another server and use it as long as they take AT&T phones ,,I can here nice and clear,,I just like this red color ,its charges real fast and the battery lasted all day and that evening I was on the phone for over five hours calling everyone and giving out my new number before the battery went dead it did beep to let me know the battery was low, I have no regrets getting this phone thinking of getting another one just so I have it for the future,, in case I brake or lose this one,,I really like the different headset plug in its different then most it's long and flat plug but seems that it will not ware out like the other ones do,,you do need to order the right head sets for AT&T samsung a777,witch Amazon has at a cheep price, witch I did and it works grate or you can buy the adapter,witch I also did so I could use my more expensive head sets on it as well,I also bought the case for this phone and it is well wroth it,. it will protect this phone and glad I got it ,it was only $1.49 on Amazon all leather and fits perfect this is to nice of a phone not to want to keep it protected, from damage,,if you want a nice basic cell phone and music player then this is the phone,,
I replaced a prior A777 phone that had Kool-Aid spilled on it. I really like this phone so I purchased another. The only problem I seem to have with this one is that the battery doesn't seem to stay charged very long.
I ordered this phone because it was just like my old one, that i got wet, I love it because it is very practical and user friendly. I don't want a smart phone, just a good phone!! texting is easy on it, and the camera is great too. The screen is a little small for a 50 something person, but I can live with that.
Phone delivered fast in new box. Comes with the MicroSD charger. Nice durable phone with large lite keys making for easy text or calls. Ringtone limited to 300kb. Maximum memory is 8Gb and does not come with memory card. Over good experience. This was a gift and was giftee was very happy with the phone.The bad reviews seemed to from people that have to have the latest gizmo. Spoiled?
I've had this model phone for 3.5 yrs,finally the screen went,all squiggly lines so i cant access any features,cant text,cant see contacts.Recently dropped the insurance but I like this phone so much i just bought a replacement here on Amazon.If u want a good basic phone,i'd def.recommend this one.
I originally bought a Samsung Galaxy 2 for my wife with all the bells and whistles and $25 data plan. For the last 6 months of owning the Galaxy, my wife used a total of zero data. She just wants a phone to call people, not use it to look up Facebook. So, we bought this phone and got rid of the data plan. It's only been a few weeks, but the phone has been working great and the call quality is superb. It was easy to set up as the only thing we did was take out the sim card from the Galaxy and put it into the A777. That was it and the phone recognized the sim card right away.
Great replacement for a broken phone.
My mom loves this phone. It has large numbers for easy seeing.
good phone
Thanks for carrying great little functional phone.
Love it
perfect little NON smart phone
works great
A very good, basic phone. Perfect for senior citizens or anyone who has no need for a smartphone. Unusual features like a micro SD slot and Bluetooth connectivity put it ahead of standard flip phones of the period, and the design is extremely user friendly. I wish companies still made phones like this.
very nice
That was an excellent job and the phone is good. Thanks!
works great no problem went straight on Consumer cellular tkx.
Bought this for hubby because he just needs a phone to call & text, not a smartphone. This is better than the crappy dumb phones sold at the Phone store. I had had this phone before so I knew it was a good performing phone. Nothing fancy but nice touch screen which locks easy & prevents butt calling. Also full size keyboard for texting. I bought the LAST one from the supplier out of FL. It said refurbished but came in original box & looked new. We just swapped out SIM card & it's working fine! A little pricey at $60, but better than free ones at store!! I would also recommend the LG Vu, I've had it before, if you want a basic phone.
So much easier to use than my previous samsung. I was worry while the battery was charging that I wouldn't be able to read anything on the screen. Tad smaller than I expected & I had to use a magnifying glass to.read the user manual (old eyes). Volume is great and I'm very pleased
The phone works well for me. I had no problems when I purchased it and it met all of my expectations.
My old phone died and I did not want to pay big bucks to purchase a new oneSamsung is a great brand my previous phone was a SamsungVery clear and great reception
This phone works very well it replaces my old phone. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a phone. Lots of futures love it.
I've always wanted a touchscreen cell phone, really love this one,only flaw is always have to charge it up,I've heard people put their phone on the charger every day,have not played around with it yet like the camera amd other programs this item rates way up there.that you samsung.
For my purposes, the Samsung A887 Solstice fills the bill. It’s better, slicker, than a run-of-the-mill barebones cell phone. While it can access the Internet, the browsing is quite cumbersome. Also, unlike later “smartphones,” your access to the Internet is strictly through your cellular service (in my case Consumer Cellular); there is no Wi-Fi capability for charge-free access at home or any “hot spots” on the road.But I did not purchase the phone with the expectation of surfing the web. I do that with my laptop computer, which I carry with me when I travel. Besides, even if I did need to look for lodging, locate restaurants, gas stations, etc. while between Point A and Point B…well, my wife’s true smart phone is perfectly capable of that (hers is a Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate, with Wi-Fi and all the bells’n whistles).Essentially, I only need a cell phone as we are getting rid of our land line. My wife has a smart phone, I have a dumb phone. Primarily, I use my phone for, well “phone calls (and the fewer the better). While the A887 sports a virtual “Qwerty” keypad (far less cumbersome than texting with a plain old cell phone numerical pad), I’m not really into texting that much…but I could.The 2 megapixel onboard camera (front-facing only) is decent. My wife’s 5 megapixel camera is somewhat better—more than adequate for posting on Facebook. But I’m too much of a cynical old perfectionist to rely on a phone camera in lieu of a separate digital camera. [Ironically, I was into the hi-tech age early. I owned my first PC in 1988, at a time when friends and relatives scoffed at the notion of online communication.]I have yet to explore all of the bells and whistles—such as setting ringtones, etc.—but the speakerphone is crisp and clear, which is important to me; I simply hate holding a device up to my ear for more than about 120 seconds.Given that I do not live my life staring at a small screen while in the company of friends (believe it or not, I have a couple), or riding the rails, or should be on an actual vacation, this unobtrusive little gadget is the right choice for me (small brain, small phone). It is slim and smaller all the way around than your standard iPhones and “Droids” that you see around today. Takes up little space and is comfortable enough to carry around in my pants pocket (when I don’t forget to carry it, that is).Bottom line: For around 50 bucks, you’d be hard-pressed to find a better standard cell phone equivalent. You can text, add photo attachments to your text and access the Internet, if you need to. My wife and I have two separate lines and use our phones, sharing our minutes and data via Consumer Cellular (AT&T backbone), for a paltry sum of 40 bucks per month.We are happy.
excellent the phone is the same as the feature photo exposed by the same seller works very well in Venezuela only bad thing is that I do not buy USB cable: (
Bought it for my wife and was so glad to have it. The service is good (awesome seller), as it arrived on time or was earlier than expected, and was packed really well. The phone itself functions perfectly for texting and talking, considering it's low price...Since it's a quad-band, I can use it outside the USA...I will buy from this seller again...I had it as advertised...Unbelievable find! Thanks!!!
Great product! The phone was listed in good condition but I was pleasantly surprised by how nice it looked. We had a small issue with the phone not charging and the seller was very quick to respond and fix the problem!
I had had an Alias (gold) several years ago and loved it, but quit using it when I switched carriers. When I came back to Verzion, I wanted a second line but not the expense of a new phone and was pleased to see that an Alias was a possibility. The battery life is incredible - much better than I remembered and far more than any recent phones I've had. It is a thin, light phone with a two-way flip: one like a normal flip phone, the other similar to a micro-laptop for web surfing (such that it is). Web access is a drawback, due to no fault of the phone. The internet software is no longer supported by Verizon and many web-based features (games, new ringtones, music download, etc) is disables. The very simple web browser still works to date and many sites are still accessible. Another couple minor annoyances: the ring volume is very soft and there is no wi-fi. But it is a very attractive phone and still gets comments; it's surprisingly rugged for a dual-hinge phone and the call quality is superb. In many ways the Alias outperforms newer phones. I'll hang on to this one much longer this time!
The item arrived in excellent condition even with the plastic still attached to the screen for protection! The only issue was the small size of the Querty keyboard and the smaller screen than what I expected. But the phone was in mint condition. A person with small hands and good eye sight, it's the flip/txt phone for you! I like the idea that it opens two ways for talking and texting versus the slider phones on the market today.
The phone came in just 4 days and was well packed. I was not getting along with the touch screen of my other phone and I really like the flip and keyboard options. I will order more from this company
The more that my husband uses this phone the more he love it. I need is one more to make all happy:)
excelente
I like this phoneI like this phone to only letters are small to text with but still like the phone to talk on
I enjoyed this phone years ago and tried the new smartphones and was not happy with it. Found this alias phone and have been very happy with it
This is one of my favorite phones that I have had over the years. It is light and compact and gives you dual functionality with a full keyboard for texting.
excelente
I like this phoneI like this phone to only letters are small to text with but still like the phone to talk on
I enjoyed this phone years ago and tried the new smartphones and was not happy with it. Found this alias phone and have been very happy with it
excelent phone
This phone is everything I wanted. I put in it a Samsung 32 GB card and now I can watch my movies, take great pictures, and video, download all books I want. I also use it for my business processing documents, scheduling, email,etc. Highly recommended!
Excellent
Really Nice Phone For The Price... Graphics Are Really Nice When Watching Movies On Netflix And Playing Games. Impressive Gameplay Also..
Good
great windows phone, runs 8.1 no issues and the best part is price $129 for Samsung , unlocked, 8 MP camera and 4.8" displaywow
Phone worked great from October -2014 to July - 2015, now it shuts off and needs to be restarted by removing the battery...This has happened before with other Samsung phones...Eventually after a year they crap out and you need to buy another phone...Life expectancy for newer Samsung phones is about a year to 1.5 year...
I love it!
good smartphone and it's on windows 8 system works great an low price for this device , who want phone on win 8 but don't like nokia recomand this device
value of money love it.its include all feature what iphone 5 or nexus 5 give.
I know this phone came out over a year ago and thats why i bought it. To pay less than $250 for a great phone. I have used many windows phones and knew the operating system well. The phone has a good screen, responds well and overall i am satisfied. The camera is slow to respond though when taking photos.
I love the phone. Great size and weight. Awesome battery life. Love that it has an SD slot. Runs fast. I am running win phone 8.1 via the developer preview. Camera isn't great indoors but is good outside. Overall I am very happy with the purchase.
Product as described. Awesome to have a Samsung with Windows OS jejeje UNIQUE!
Great phone at a great price. Using it on T-Mobile and getting LTE service.
Great phone at a very reasonable cost. Simply love it..
Great phone! Purchased two additional phones. Would highly recommend.
Great buy for a really good phone. Strong antenna, no dropped calls.
like the looks like new and it is running windows 8.1. this a very good buy. thanks!
This phone works perfectly. I can't wait to buy another one. I really love it. I received it before the expected delivery date.
Works as expected and used as intended.
Excellent for this price.
Ordered this to replace a broken iPhone 5. It immediately downloaded a windows 8.1 update which made a big difference. The screen resolution is very good. The only negative would be the camera is weaker than the iphone but I did not purchase it for the camera. I great value for those of who refuse to shell out $650 for a new iphone.
Very good phone
Excellent smartphone 100% recommended
very good completely satisfied with the team without details and timely delivery
I love my new phone! I bought it with slight reservations because it was used, but was pleasantly surprised when i got it. The phone is in great condition, and works perfectly!
Great phone for an older model. When I initially got the phone, it was unlocked and had Windows Phone 8 on it. As of today, Samsung supports this model 100% and will update the Operating System to the latest Windows phone 8.1 with Cortana. After I successfully completed all the updates.....the phone now runs like a real winner. All the latest perks of Windows 8.1 and Cortana is a great personal assistant. The phone runs so smooth, its hard to believe its running on the previous generation of hardware. It does take a micro sim card...so keep that in mind. It also has a Micro SD card slot to go along with the internal 16GB rom. More than enough space to download apps and media. I don't have the largest hands so the size of the phone was just right. If anyone is on a budget, but wants to have the latest Windows 8.1 with Cortana..this is your best bet. Takes great pictures for the price range. Recommended.
Great device foe a greate price. The windows os does not need a lot of power to run and perform tasks smoothly. So don't be turned off by the lower specs. This phone easily runs games like Zero hour and riptide gp.the ONLY thing I dislike about this phone is the app store (as with all windows devices) it has a small store. And the good apps usually cost money. But hey. There is equivalents to other apps like on the play store. I was able to get my google play music on this phone and access google hangouts..
AWESOME PHONE.After going through a long list of reviews I have purchased this phone to give it a test. Also, I do lot of testing on apps and other OS related performance tuning. And now, It is close to 1 month now and this phone is REALLY REALLY GOOD, technically speaking, this phone is much better than iPhone(s) and has all the features that Samsung currently providing for their models that are in market now. For example Tap & Share, you can share photos with a Windows Phone of similar model OR you can share it with ANY Android phone.When I initially got this phone it was with Windows version 8.0.xxxx. After two weeks this phone showed that there was an update available which was with version 8.0.1.166(something like that), and after that upgrade (which took just 20 mins on WiFi), it immediately showed that there was an update for 8.1!!!, upgrade took a little longer, but it did upgrade to Windows 8.1 without any force. That really changed a lot. Changes are exponential, 8.1 definitely is a good version. Improved battery life and better apps and performance is really good.Apps: Currently I have installed close to 20 daily used apps and still I have close to 9GB of space on the phone. I tested with other very high end graphic games, that worked out really well too. But yeah, drains battery faster if you use it for such a kind of stuff.Space: This comes with 16GB, which in most scenarios is sufficient, and even if you want to, you can still add a MicroSD card and expand it upto 64GB. I did not try this part, but yes, based on OS on the phone, it can take to that extent.Battery life: When it was in 8.0, it used to come for close to 1 1/2 day, I use it for Personal/Office purpose with lots of email and read lot of books through kindle apps and browse on articles on online. After 8.1 Upgrade, it comes close to 2 day(s) with all the things I usually do, and by end of 2nd day I still had 10% of battery life. Well, this is my personal test, BUT, this definitely varies with the way others use this phone.I gave it a try with other iPhoner(s) and Androider(s), they felt comfortable using this phone. It is light weight and very comfortable, looks professionally good.For the price I paid on this phone, it is really an Awesome Phone. Feel free to ask any question.OH YEAH, IT IS AN UNLOCKED PHONE. Though it has that AT&T logo and all other AT&T related Apps, I am using it with T-Mobile and I am sure it works for others too :).
This phone is totally bangin and it worked perfectly for my mpcs sim card, just can't send nor receive pictures or other forms of multimedia. The front camera is very low on brightness too, other than that I love it!!
I like it.
works awesome with my service provider
Awesome phone. I know it says unlocked in the description but it is an AT&T branded device, but I have AT&T so it doesn't bother me. There doesn't seem to be any word on whether or not this will get Windows Phone 8.1, but I installed the Preview for Developers app, got 8.1, and it is running with no problems whatsoever. For an unlocked device, this was a really good deal. The phone is sleek, light, and has a great display. Would highly recommend especially as a backup device.
Work amazing
great phone and good price
Love this phone. I wish this phone qualified for he Windows 10 upgrade like my laptop, but it'll do for being 8.1. My only issue is that because it is a Windows phone, apps are limited to what is allowed with Windows, so all my favorite games or apps I used through Android are not compatible. But otherwise this is a really good phone!
I like my phone, it is not complicated.
This was a present for one of my sons and he loves it.
Good phone and easy to set up
I am satisfied with this device, it works great and looks amazing. I was able to get Windows 8.1 on it, the apps available are great. Love it.
All I can say is bargain,great phone,love it and would buy again. This is a wonderful phone and since I hate android and love apple IOS, but had to turn my IPhone in to Cspire due to no service in part of Tennessee I moved to I decided to go with Windows phone.It was the right decision for me upgraded to Windows 8.1 after receiving it and all working wonderful with straight talk but I do miss visual voicemail.
Loved this phone until the day it felt and the screen got damaged. Unable to find a replacement ever since.
I liked so much. The produc arrived in perfet conditions. all rigth. RECOMEND IT 100%
Great !!!
very excellent charm me
everything perfect excellent product recommended
I've had an iPhone and a few Android phones with this being my first Windows phone and I have to say this is my favorite so far. I was a little hesitant to get a Windows phone when I first saw one back a few years ago. They've come a long way since then combining the best features of the Android and iPhone and adding a few unique features! Luv it
Its beyond my expectations
Nice phone and great price
wonderful product. works exactly as described. I love it
Used this phone for quite some time before upgrading to and Android. This phone was tough and reliable and still in use by one of my employees
This is the only phone that will resist my husband and the boat trips, we already had one but bought another one as they are really my husband's proof! Nothing else resisted, and we tried. Tried a fancy phone with a housing called life proof, well, that was not enough for him, this one so far is!!!!!
I needed a basic phone for my elderly father and this worked out perfectly. He did not want any of the modern "smart phones" but rather a simple and basic phone. The ruggedness and built in flash light are plus as well. The call quality is clear and the ringers are quite loud. The only reason I did not rate it five stars is because of the size. It is somewhat too small for the palm of a grown man.
I had this phone before, and it was great. I work outdoors, and in the rain. it made it with the rough treatment I gave it.this is my second phone like this. I broke the screen on the first one.the odd thing is I dropped it from very high up onto a steel deck on a ship and it survived fine.and after owning it for over a year I dropped it while getting out of my car onto a gravel road, and broke the screen.I liked it enough to buy it again. the next one up was going to cost about $400 bucks
sucks as a phone but sure was fun droping it in my beer while using it or hosing down with the garden hose in front of people . thins took a beating . not a scratch
The phone works great with my T-Mobile carrier. Only one problem- no matter how I set the date/time, it defaults back to 6/2/2011 and the time is 2 minutes short of the actual time. I've even pulled the batter and used the reset all function, but no luck. Any suggestions?
this phone is great...sleek design,nice keys,customizable display,cool ringtones...the only downfall is mms settings,can't make it to work with t-mobile but internet works great and bluetooth as well...cool phone
This is the perfect phone for my husband who does not need or want all the bells & whistles of a smart phone & is very hard on his phone, often dropping it in the toilet! It is an international phone so there were a few hours spent reprogramming with the help of T-mobile but it was well worth the time. I would highly suggest this phone.
First of all, this phone isn't for everybody. But, that being said it definitely was the perfect phone for me. I was looking for quite a while for a phone that, on the inside, was nothing more than a phone (send & receive calls, send & receive text messages, and store numbers) and on the outside was durable enough to stand up to some healthy abuse. I haven't dropped it in a river or run over it with my truck, but I do shop work everyday and have dropped it, banged it against machinery, and my wife threw it at the dogs once, and it's still ticking just fine.I have read some reviews about it not being able to send media messages or access the internet if you're in the US. To me, that's fine. I haven't even tried to because I didn't care about that to begin with. So, if you're looking for a phone with some brains in it, you might want to look somewhere else. If you just want a phone that can take a good beating, this one is right for you. Above all, my best points of impression are:1) Screw Secured Battery Cover (regular snap-on ones are the first things to break otherwise)2) One-piece keypad cover (good for water resistance and reducing dust contamination)3) One-piece body (sliders and flip-phones will always break eventually, I don't care what they might say)4) A LED flashlight that could blind a grizzly bear (you never know when you'll need it)5) Small size (the only other one-piece phone I found similar to this was the even-more rugged $600 military spec. phone, and that sucker was around eight inches. This phone does fit into the fifth pocket of most blue jeans, by the way.)Other high points that I didn't expect, but have come to enjoy:1) FM Radio with the headphones acting as the antenna2) Music player3) SD micro card ready4) Loud speaker (for music and speaker phone)
Always reliable. Never expensive. I've used Samsung phones in central Africa, the middle east, and the United States. I've TRIED to use Motorola, HTC, and other "high-end" phones and been disappointed every time. They look good but fail to deliver a usable phone connection every time. What a shame. I've never been disappointed by a Samsung phone or it's performance. This phone is rugged, sweat and tropical rain proof, gets a connection if one is available to be gotten. Easy to find accessories anywhere, from Kisangani and Nairobi to Dubai to Texas. These phones produce consistent reliable performance and at a reasonable price. If you need rugged and reliable get this phone.
High recomended... I got a friend that went diving with one at 40 ft... And guess what.... Still working....And i am a scuba instructor so always with my pants wet.... And is awesome
i had to replace my husband's destroyed phone and this was the same phone, but shinier and newer and updated!
This phone survived a 50 minute laundry wash cycle today because it was hiding in a pair of jeans. Very impressed.
It is just as I ordered, waterproof, shock resistant, not to large, fits into pants pocket. I would recommend this phone to anyone not looking for a computer (smart) phone.
Got this phone 3 years ago and loved it soooo much. Mp3 with great volume, internet capable, mini SD space, dropped it 5 times a day, washed it once, and never gave in. Eventually lost it, but wish I had another one.
I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone that tends to be a little rough with their phones because this one is built tough. It may not be as beautiful as most of the other phones on the market but will withstand all the punishment you can put it through. It's water resistant and I never have to worry about dropping it, small and compact. Great for someone that is active and always on the go.
My wife went through 3 phones in one year! Bought her this and though being dropped, in the pool twice now and being used as a "toy" by a 65lb. dog it still looks good as new and works without fail. Great phone.
My husband is a plumber and he has broken ever phone he has ever had or got water in them. I found this phone and got it hoping it would do what it claims and i have to say IT DOES! It is shock proof, water proof and scratch resistant. He has dropped it 100 times, never cracking the screen or breaking anything. He never empties his pockets so i washed this phone not once but twice and even half dried it and guess what, I turned right on and took a call!!! EXCELLENT BUY
I got this b/c I drive a Jeep and am just as hard on my phone. :) It's waterproof which is great considering I get caught in the rain quite a bit. I also got the car charger and data cord. it's a great little basic phone. Takes better pic's than my last motorola NV2, too! and my nephew likes the flashlight. I'll pass this phone along to him when he's ready for a phone. Keep him grounded - he's 8 and in no way "needs" a smartphone. That's my 2 cents though.
Great for outdoor enthusiasts and those who are less careful with their phone. Sturdy and reliable. Supports four GSM frequencies making it easy for me to get good coverage everywhere with my carrier.
So far this phone is great. Long battery life, easy to use, very sturdy. It took some messing with til I could send and receive picture messages but I got it sorted out.
God knows I'm accident prone,I've dropped this phone so much since I bought it,it works great,nice little camera to,I have uploaded the photos to my computer and the look fantastic,you'd never guess they were taken with this phone.Buying one for my dad this xmas.
I bought mine because of recommendation of another missionary who has used his for three years here in the tropics. It has fallen off a ladder and been soaked innumerable times. But please a manual in Spanish or English not East European.
I have bought this phone cause when i was in Afghanistan, i was going to my trip to Europe for R&R. This phone works great. Just arrived to Germany, bought a Sim card which was 5euro's and then i paid for a prepaid plan. Poped in the sim card and walla! It worked! Also work in Afghanistan when i had the sim card for there as well!!! Amazing! Definitely works in other countries sim cards. Battery would last me 3-4 days without charging if i didnt use it at all. 1-2 days when i did used it alot! Great phone very durable as well. Looks to be waterproof although I never tried wetting it! Why try to wet a perfectly good phone!? Anyways I would highly recommend this phone if you need it just for talking and txting world wide. I wouldnt buy if you need it for data or for work internationally. If you need something like that get yourself a unlocked iphone or something like that.
I have noticed some mildly bad reviews for this phone, I want people to know not to be discouraged. This is a sturdy phone, yet not actually not too bulky. I did have trouble opening the back to place the battery and sim card in, but that was due to the tight sealing to protect the phones battery from water damage, and it gives me comfort that even if the back accidentally does get unlocked its not going to fall open. I do want to say i was very skeptical about buying a bar phone, as I am not a big fan of them, but this is a really cool phone.* Sound quality is great, not the best but still slightly above average* graphics are pretty nice, nothing like an iPhone but still good, I would say decent graphics* take pictures and video, I must add the picture editing on the phone is immense. I have owned at least six phones in the last 2 years, and this is by far the best when it comes to photo editing. I still have not fully checked it all out.* nice selection of languages I counted ten, one of which is English(The Queen's English mind you) and the other nine eastern European languages. it does not come in French or Spanish but you still can type in Spanish and French.* ringtones: It has a nice selection of ringtones, you should be able to find one you like. the new text message ringtone however cannot be changed, or at least I have not found a way to do so.* it has an incredible flashlight that has already come in handy many times, do not point at face as it is really bright.* Battery life is great, average lifespan I experience is on average 3 days I have only needed to charge it 2-3 times in the two weeks I have owned it. theres so much more, but I do want to note a couple things1. this is an international phone, it is not fully unlocked, if you are in the united states (AT&T or T moble) you will only be able to make calls and text normal messages, but honestly that is only reason you need a cell phone, so I do NOT see that as a minus2. charger: this phone will most likely not be united States Plug-in capable, but do not fear, these wonderful people at Hasslefree will include an adapter that should work for the Americans. HOwever if it does not, Just go to your nearest Wal-Mart, they carry chargers that will work, I paid US$9 for ONN brand charger it was cool came with a cool blue light to let me know it works, you are still getting a great deal on the phone, so a little bit more shouldn't be a problem3. The manual: yes there is a strong chance your manual will come in Bulgarian, or Russian, But you are most likely buying this phone new, and that is out of the sellers power of control, you can easily find an english translation here: [...] <--spoiler alert this one is in english.4. this is a heavy duty phone, the main reason I bought it, it is waterproof, but this does not mean to go swimming with it all the time, it has a rugged shell but this does not mean you throw it on the ground stomp on it and run it over with you jeep. its ruggedness and waterproofness is there as a precaution NOT AS A CHALLENGE.(note: do not go deep sea diving as it will not hold up to the pressure. enjoy this phone with much responsibly. in short this is a great phone, with some downsides But they do not really effect the overall greatness of it.
I got this phone for my husband who likes simple things, we are in the Caribbean so we he needed a quad to ensure that it works and of course it worked perfectly with the local phone company. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the booklet came in Japanese so we do not know all the features it has. I have requested a manual in English but have not received it yet.
Phone is basic but I needed the rugged and waterproof features more than lots of smartphone stuff. Have used it for 2 years now and still working fine. Heavy, clunky, small screen but all to be expected.Took it into the swimming pool by mistake and after 15 minutes in the pool noticed it in my pocket. Took it out & left it in the sun to dry. Surprisingly it worked just fine. I'm not recommending you take it swimming but if you got caught in the rain or similar it would work when others might be ruined. Gave same phones to my gardener and my builder who are in harsh environments and the phones work well for them. Seems screen is even tougher than most.
I bought this as a travel phone. The radio and light are bonuses that I wasn't even thinking about but will come in handy.I'm happy with my purchase.
Teléfono totalmente recomendado, lo único malo es que no tiene el menú en español, pero es excelente. Por otro lado el vendedor es muy bueno y serio al momento de la transacción. Totalmente satisfecha.Totally recommended this phone, the only bad is the menu doesn't have it in spanish, but it is great. On the other hand, the seller is great. Highly recomended.
this is a simple phone that works well. the only draw back for me is the fact that the charger is not designed to work with us outlets.i dont recall that being in the description-it would have been helpful.i only use the phone to call an text-so for me it is more than i need.
What comes in the box:BatteryAC adapterPhoneNo DC adapterNo charging dockConstructionThis is solid phone with rubber protected buttons, and a sealed battery compartment. I just needed a solid phone that would withstand bumps and drops. I also wanted a "Waterproof phone" for when I go to the beach. One peculiar comment in the instruction manual is that this is "Water-resistant" and not intended to be submersible. The flashlight function works very well and is a nice addition for a survival phone (when camping, for example).The lens is not sealed but I doubt it will be cracked.UseThe menu system, because it's an international phone is not as intuitive. For example, the Bluetooth options are in the Applications section. The menus are customizable.The screen is clear and bright. The display of pictures is less than optimal. The image quality when exported is actually quite respectable.Battery life is very good, especially if you don't use the backlit keys, screen and flashlight excessively.Sound quality is good for the caller and the recipient. Once paired with the Bluetooth headset, the sound and reception are clear.The FM radio is a nice touch but only works with the plug-in headphones. It's great for when you're out and about but carrying headphones is not optimal for practical use on a daily basis.Extra helpful features include a calculator, stopwatch, timer, calendar, memo pad, and camcorder/camera.OverallOverall, this is a solid phone. My only concern is the disparity with the claim of this being a waterproof phone and the manual saying otherwise.
Pros:1) This is a solid phone which can stand a lot of abuse.2) It is a easy to use phone.3) It has a great battery life. I could go upto 7 days without re-charging in the first run.4) Good value for my money.Cons:1) The speaker phone is not good. It echo's and I have had complaints from the people calling me.
This is a phone for those who are rough on your phones. I got this for a gift and it's still running strong over a year later! It has been through it all, it holds up to it's claims. It's great you can run it over drop it in water and it will still work.It doesn't have all the bells and whistles but, which is more important? A phone you can acutally communicate with our the endless replacements you'll have to have because you can't be gentle. My husband works in construction and phones don't LAST!We finally cancelled our insurance on our phones since he got this phone and SAVE MONEY! :)
I had ordered this phone from Amazon directly with Free Super Saver Shipping. The price of the phone was a few bucks more then from the 3rd party seller. The phone got to me in 4 business days. In the package was a genuine Samsung U.S. wall charger, data cable, headphones, cd-rom disk with software to transfer files from phone to computer, and 2 manuals (one in Spanish and one in English), and a warranty card with 1 year warranty. (3rd party company) So far I had this phone for 2 weeks and I am very happy with it. The sound quality is great, the speaker phone is excellent. After initial full charge it still has full charge, light to moderate use. The menu on it is pretty much the same as all Samsung phones. The only thing on this phone is that you are unable to send and receive picture attached text messaging which I don't use anyways. Regular text messaging works fine. Also I am on AT&T Network and the signal is pretty strong, I would say better then my old Nokia phone. The phone also has a very bright flashlight which does lock when you lock the keypad.
I bought this for a 2 month trip to Costa Rica and it has worked extremely well with the SIM card supplied by Kolbi. It has gotten a good signal in the mountains over 8500' down to sea level. No, I have not gone swimming with it yet. The weather is wet, its muddy, sandy, marshy, and rocky so I wanted a rugged phone that will work when I need it. The B2100 so far has done very well. I did have to download an English version of the manual but that was no problem.
Got this phone two months ago and it is just incredible. The back cover was a little hard to open but once I got it open and installed the battery and micro SD card it sealed up tight with no problems. Had no problems navigating the menus to set the phone up because all Samsung phones are pretty much the same. The date format is in European format but on the screen it shows up just fine. The FM radio is fantastic and so is the mp3 player. All the music from my samsung impression SD card transferred with no problemsIt came with a European power adapter but I found out the all my Samsung Impression's accessories are compatible with the 2100 so my car charger, plug-in power adapter and even the headset all work on the 2100. Just WOW!Battery life is just outstanding! Oh and the flashlight has come in more handy than i ever imagined. better than any phone where you have to use the camera light for the same purpose.Dropped it a couple of times and not a single mark.The only con is that in the last two months the price has dropped over $10 bucks and I am considering buying another one and putting it away as a backup so that five years or so down the road I will have one as a backup.I bought it because I found touch screen phones are a pain in the rear to dial on in the dark and i like the feel of actual keys. Also have no need for text or internet on my phone when i have all that on my laptop and server. I mean who needs a phone that can translate english to italian.....get real!! I want a phone that the screen won't crack if i bump or drop it and god for bid the accidental drop in the old toilet. Don't have to worry about this phone I even stepped on it and it didn't phase it.Just an incredible well built phone that is basic but a Swiss army knife of phones. I have called ATT over and over because my contract is up and told them until they start carrying good solid phones again that last and not ones that you have to take out all the expensive plan options and break at the slightest bump I will not renew my contract and continue to use the 2100. for the price it even beats by far the Somin line of phones
I don't like touchscreen phones so much, and the only reason I'd get a smart phone is for the OBDII apps you can install on them to diagnose cars. So I got this phone because my old clamshell Samsung was too old. I've had this phone for close to a year and it's still performing like it did on day one. I also got this phone because it uses a simcard and is unlocked so that I cold use it internationally in my travels, but I haven't been able to stick in one place long enough to warrant buying a different simcard. Plus, the only thing with that is that everytime you take the battery out the time and date reset. It's a good 4.5" long, 0.7" deep and 2" wide at the buttons, which seems a bit unwieldy but the curved corners make it look and feel a bit smaller. I was considering getting the bigger and newer version, but I'm definitely glad I got this smaller one or else I fear the bigger one wouldn't've in my pocket as comfortably.I've dropped countless times on dirt, asphalt, carpet, and in my kitchen without any scratches on the screen, although the plastic sides have some marks from our history together. The screen has gotten dull from me not keeping a screen protector on it while I carry it in my pocket. I haven't dropped it into water yet, and I don't plan on testing it, but I've talked on it in the rain without needing to worry about it. The locking battery compartment is a bit annoying, but it's to keep the sealing o-ring seated properly.I've used this phone with oil and dirt on m hands, and that junk just doesn't stick to it for some reason. You do have to brush it clean, but I've never washed it with soap and I don't hesitate holding in my mouth when needing towork with both my hands in the dark (but that might just be me...)The camera is alright for the phone's simplicity, at 1.4 MP it can take fairly decent pictures, but I got this phone for its practicality not bells and whistles.
the features of the phone exceeded my expectations. i like its light weight and rubber casing. the camera quality is good and the flash light works great.
great finish, fairly adult looking (not like a transformer like a Casio). the tactile feel is great.this phone does not have a lot of functionalities - but it does what a cell phone is supposed to do well.I did find the English version manual googling, and it was available from Samsung's own website for download.And I am glad I read the manual because I was under the impression the TX9 predictive typing was not available for English, but it is.The back lid is not easy to open, but I find that a nickel coin does the trick without risking scratching the nice screw.The lid pops open when you turn the screw past the unlock-mark.It's too bad that now a days all service providers are focusing on smart phones for the revenue they generate in the U.S., so good, purpose-built cell phones like this are no longer available through regular channels.
I use this phone for kayaking and paddle board safety. I have rolled the kayak and swum with it many times, and it still works perfectly. I recently left it on the roof of my car, drove off, heard it roll to the edge of the roof while speeding up to enter a highway. Took the next exit, drove back and up the entrance ramp. it was lying on the edge of the entrance ramp face up on the pavement. Now my Samsung B2100 has a small scrape on the corner, but it still works fine. It must have hit the road at over 50 mph!
I am a swimmer, and I spend tons of time in the pool. A water proof phone is definitely a must have for me, so I bought this B2100.Here is my review in sub-catagories:1. Waterproofing is Excellent.(I used it today for about 2 hours in the water, deeper than 1 meter at some moments when I kicked back at the wall, and dropped lower with dolphin-kicks after flip turns; but for most of the time, the phone was less than 1 meter deep in the water.) The phone is truly waterproof; however, reception will drop to 1 or 2 bars if it is 4 or 5 inches underneath water surface.2. Great battery life.3. Both ringtone and speaker are clear and loud.(some other reviews say it is muffled, and I cannot agree.)4. Reception is very good. (better than my old LG cell, remember, all I did was switching the SIM card to the B2100, so the same AT&T carrier and the same locations.)An excellent phone for swimmers is my conclusion!
Amazon was great in the shipping. We got it in 3 days. I bought this phone for my husband and it just cannot compare to al the other phones he had before. I love Samsung brand and when i saw this one and got it for him because of his job, and he is more than satisfy. The features are simple but the phone is really durable. No complaints. thank you Samsung..thank you Amazon
Havnt been able to drown it yet, easy to use sound is great good battery life i would recomend this phone to people that are hard on phones
Very strong design, ideal for teens who begin to use a phone, there will be no problem if you forget to remove the morrol while going home from school and it rains on the way, they are playing and will resist accidental falls, if they are in some dark place and be able to use his flashlight can see donnde tread when walking their programming makes it an excellent product for teenagers.
I bought this phone for my cell-phone hating, mechanic husband. He loves it. It has stood up to tough handling, the flashlight saved the day on an emergency night call, and it seems easy to use.It's not fancy, doesn't do the multi-media stuff, but is perfect for my texting, calling, rough/tough guy.
Got it a a gift for a dad, and he was thrilled to have a waterproof phone with a flashlight. All the reviews here are mostly negative about lack of internet and about not supporting some networks, but I didn't need a phone with internet and it worked perfectly with ATT (in US) network. 5 stars! I have no clue who would want to buy a simple phone and then try to get on the internet on this phone.
Extremely tough little phone. I love it
Good for active people.
Very good!!!
I bought the phone as a gift and the person I bought it for love it.
Liked it- still getting used to it.
I'm into construction and this is one sturdy phone! it takes a beating and it works well.
This phone was a very good buy. I replaced an slide phone with it. Being it is unlocked I was able to use it with my existing cell carrier. the battery life seems to be exceptional it's already been 5 days and I have only used half of the battery power under normal usage. it was so good that I ordered another one is a backup for my Android smartphone, being that I travel a lot and occasionally my phones crap out on me so know I will have a good reliable backup. It comes with the standard international charger after for US power requirements. the price was outstanding for the phone itself being that it is a rugged use phone. I believe that it is just a great buy.
I returned it because it was too small for my 85 year old mom
I bought this phone for use in the UK while traveling. But the FM radio means that I now carry it when doing yard work to listen to PBS. I use it to play MP3 when walking, keeps the pace, and the flashlight is useful for those late nights home. Great phone too.It is a brick but it fits the pocket better than an iPad or even an iPhone. Sound quality is much better than I expected. Only downside: the plain manual with not a single diagram or illustration. That's just crazy. Had to find a file to download for the instructions just to get the thing started.
This phone can resist a nuclear attack. Seriously, I was visiting Costa Rica and it felt into a river, crashed with several rocks. I just took it out of the freaking river and make a phone call.It is great. Seriously if you do not pay attention to things, or have a sort of unusual job. Get this phone.
I bought this as a second local phone for our windsurfing vacations in Hawaii. I put in the T-Mobile SIM and it worked right off the bat.Ok it is not a sophisticated smart phone like my iphone, but it does all the basic extra functions such as accessing the internet for wind reports and of course using it as a phone. It is wonderful to not worry about the salt, sand, water and banging around with my windsurfing gear ruining a delicate piece of electronic equipment.I keep thinking about upgrading it to the Samsung b2710 model, but this does everything that I need and it works fabulously.This is a perfect phone for basic smart phone use that you don't have to handle with kid gloves. Highly recommended.6 month update:I am really appreciating this phone. I treat it like my key chain rather than being scared of damaging it and it just keeps on ticking. What a superb phone!
I'd read multiple reviews with people having trouble with the SIM card and I had the same problem when I ordered this particular phone the first time. When I inserted my T-mobile SIM card, the screen refused to go past the "B2100" screen and simply flashed that image, go blank, and then flash it again, as if the phone were trying to restart but couldn't. I couldn't even turn off that phone at that point without taking out the battery. I have newer version of the T-Mobile SIM card so I thought that might have been the issue (some reviewers were saying that the phone works if you transfer your acct to an older version of the T-Mobile SIM card). And it worked perfectly fine with my boyfriend's AT&T SIM. Anyway, long story short, I reordered the phone from a different seller and it works perfectly fine! So I agree with many of the other reviewers. When this phone works, it's amazing. When it doesn't, it can be really frustrating and take a huge chunk out of your time just trying to resolve the issue. It's really a gamble if you receive a working phone or not. Luckily, I got one that worked on the second try without having to change my SIM card.So other than that issue, the phone is perfect for my lifestyle. I'm extremely clumsy with my phones (dropping them in paint, out of moving vehicles, the works) and I only need to make calls and to text. This phone does just that and more. I haven't had any trouble with muffled speakers (because of the waterproof seal) or even dropped calls. Texting works perfectly fine. The LED light on it is SUPER bright and just awesome when you can't get your hands on a flashlight. It also has an FM feature which I thought I wouldn't use but is actually really fun. Plus the battery lasts for a week or so. I've left my phone on for 3 days straight now and it's still at full bars (but that's with MINIMUM usage). It has all the standard features including organizer with calender, alarm, etc etc. One minor thing is that sometimes when I'm making calls, I'll hear my own voice from my phone, but it'll be delayed which is really distracting. But most times, everything is clear.Overall, a great basic phone with awesome durability. I'd say it's worth the gamble if you receive a phone that works.
Samsung B2100 Unlocked Quad-Band Phone, Extreme Anti-Shock, Waterproof, Built-in Flashlight, Bluetooth-International Warranty-Blackthis phone is great it give it to my son and I am super happy with the purchase you make because it was fast I recommend 100%
The phone is rugged with lots of nice feature. It's very convenient to go to any country and just buy a SIM card to have a local phone. Saved me a lot of trouble.I like the alalrm feature the best as the music is loud and can really wake me up.Reception is poorer and less predictable compared to my previous Pantech.
Very nice phone. I'm a Broadcast Engineer by trade and my cell phones take a lot of abuse. This phone is awesome when it comes to durability. The speaker phone is not as load as I would like ti but it does work.
The perfect phone to have on a rugged camping trip...when you still have to take calls from the office.
Durable phones not my first purchase they stand the test of time and abuse
The product is as announced on the Amazon site. I received it in the set time.
Very pleased with the phone. Simple to use. Husband loves it.
ESPECTACULAR
exec
Very durable, so reliable
works great nice to have a flash light attached.
Great, well-built rugged little phone. Perfect for a back-up.
It come with useful apps, can get wet and get dirty, u can drop it, and still works fine ... perfect for camping, fishing, bike trips .. . I'm really happy ..
I have had this phone for a little over a month now, and it has been terrific. I live on the coast, so a phone that is waterproof is particularly helpful. Bluetooth works great for transfer of photos to my computer and contacts between phones. The FM radio is nice too, although I have not used it too much, since it requires the headphones to be plugged in for reception. The multimedia player read the audio and video stored on my Micro SD card, and is intuitive enough to be able to play music by artist/album/genre/etc.I noticed a lot of concerns about getting multimedia messages (MMS) to work on this phone from other reviewers. I searched AT&T's help forums and found the following settings, which have worked for both my B2100 and the one I got for my girlfriend last fall.From the menu, navigate to Messages --> (5) Settings --> (1) Multimedia Messages --> (3) Multimedia message profiles.Hit the left soft key for "Options" --> (3) Create. Here are the settings for each of the fields:Set name: Media NetHome URL: [...]Bearer: GPRS firstProxy: OnAddress: 66.209.011.032Port: 80DNS1: 0.0.0.0DNS2: 0.0.0.0Then, immediately below DNS2 is "GPRS Settings" - click that and enter the following settings:Access name: wap.cingularUser ID: [...]Password: CINGULAR1The password is case sensitive, so make sure it is in all caps. Once it is all entered, hit the left soft key for "Options" --> (1) Save. Then, at the previous 'Multimedia message profiles' page, hit the left soft key again for "Save" - and you should be all set.
I only use my cell phone for phone calls and basic texts, so this phone is perfect for those simple tasks. I am not reviewing the email or web browser programs b/c I don't use these features. I have never had a camera on my phone before so this is fun. I bought a micro SD card with an SD adapter, so I am able to save the photos on my computer.At first I almost returned the phone right away. It didn't work at all with my T-Mobile SIM card. A message would show up on the screen: "Insert SIM". I went to an AT&T store to see if their SIM card would work with this brand, new, unlocked phone. It didn't. I then went to a T-Mobile store and asked them if they could deactivate my current SIM and activate an older, unactivated, Legacy SIM. This one worked.Now I am in Australia and this phone is working fine with a Telstra SIM.Upon further research, I found that the Samsung B2100 phone only uses a 2G GSM network, which is possibly why it wouldn't work with T-Mobile's newer, 4G SIM cards (and w/ AT&T??? - although it looks like some reviewers have had success using this phone with AT&T). It looks like Samsung just updated the B2100 with the new B2710, which uses a 3G GSM Network (GSM 850, GSM 900, GSM 1800, GSM 1900, 3G 900, 3G 2100 frequencies, according to [...]. Maybe this phone might be able to support the newer 4G SIM cards from T-Mobile and AT&T? That would be nice.As for now, I have given the B2100 five stars because it is able to do everything I want it to do with the carriers I currently use in the USA and Australia.Update - 21 Mar 2011 - Three stars instead of five.Phone calls drop or SIM ends up not registering, very regularly unfortunately. I get the message "Insert SIM" and then have to turn the phone off and on a few times before it registers. It has become extremely annoying, enough so that I have to give up on the phone and I plan on returning it once I return to the USA. I am really bummed about this. I will have to save my money and buy the updated 3G version (B2710) when it comes down in price.Update - 21 June 2011 - upgrade to 4 starsSince I have returned to USA, phone has been working fine with my T-mobile SIM (the older style, Legacy SIM). Therefore, even thought it didn't perform well in Australia, I'll keep this B2100 after all (I just hope it works in other countries).
Except for the keypad being a tad hard to recognize key presses this phone is great for what it does.After punching in the right info it does multimedia messaging with T-mobile.All in all a great phone so far.
I am happy with the durability of the phone and overall quality, but it is difficult to text and the center key can not be changed from a shortcut to the web.
Pros of the Samsung B2100:1. Waterproof: I am a kayaker. I put a 1.5" X 2.5" strip of adhesive backed Velcro permanently on the back of the Samsung B2100 battery panel. I stick the phone to the deck of my kayak. The phone has a large eyelet on the top of the phone which I attached a thin lanyard that I then fastened to medal ring attached to my kayak in case I accidentally drop the phone in the river.2. Flashlight is bright: I train for marathon kayak racing every other day and often finish paddling after dark. This flashlight provides enough light for me to hike up a quarter mile trail through the woods to my house.3. FM Radio is very clear: I had been using a Sony TV/Weather/FM/AM Walkman SRF-M80V strapped to my arm when I work out at the local gym, but when I increase the resistance on the stepper or exercise cycle there is an accompanying increase static on the Sony Walkman radio; but with the Samsung B2100 phone's FM Radio there is no static and the signal is clear. The Samsung B2100 radio doesn't significantly drain the battery.4. I haven't experience any dropped calls, and found that the coverage is good in the quad-state area (Pennsylvania/New Jersey/New York/Delaware).5. Battery life is good.Cons of the Samsung B2100:1. I wanted the ringtone "Chariots-of-Fire" on this phone. This ringtone is sold at AT&T which is my phone's service provider. I took the Samsung B2100 to AT&T for their assistance. Despite three separate visits lasting one hour each with two different AT&T technicians, they were unable to connect to the Internet to download this ring tone for the AT&T website, or from any other website. Problem is that the Samsung B2100 was designed for United Kingdom Internet providers, and will not accept an Internet address which are over a few characters long from United States Internet providers, which means you can connect to a couple of short addresses like MSN or Google, however, if you need to go to a website with a longer Internet address, it comes up Internet address error.2. It is an United Kingdom phone with no Samsung support in the U.S. - when I was unable to connect fully to Internet providers in the United States I first contacted Samsung International who referred me to Samsung U.S.A. who referred me to Samsung United Kingdom who referred me to AT&T U.S.A. who then referred me back to Samsung U.S.A. resulting in no solution to my Internet connection problem.3. The Samsung B2100 is a 3G/MPEG3 phone. If you want the same phone in a 4G/MPEG4 phone suggest the newer version of this phone, the Samsung B2710, which is sold on amazon.co.uk [...] The Samsung B2710 looks identical to the Samsung B2100, but is a slightly bigger phone with larger battery, anti-scratch window, higher resolution screen, and a G4/MPEG4 phone; however the Samsung B2719 will cost you twice a much.4. Although the Samsung B2100 is a rugged phone I like carrying it in a belt-clip carrying case, but I had to switch to a larger pouch since every time I returned it to the snug carrying case both the volume keys and the flashlight key would be depressed and the flashlight would go on, and the volume would go beep-beep-beep. If you wait a couple of seconds before putting the phone into a carrying case, which allows the keyboard to then automatically lock, then you won't have this problem; but it is an annoyance to always to have to wait before put the phone back on your belt. The keyboard lock only has an option to turn on or off, not an option to set the time before the keyboard locks.5. I have heard that the screen scratches easily, but I prevented that problem by just putting a strip of 2" clear packing tape on the screen which works fine if you put the tape on slowly at an angle pressing out the air bubbles. Clear tape is inexpensive and can be replaced as often as needed.Notes:A. The Samsung B2100 takes a removable SIM card, so it cannot be used phones that do not have a removable SIM card like the phones used by Verizon.B. The phone package does not come with a SIM card (which you can get from your phone service provider).C. Nor does the phone package come with a micro-SDHC card which you can purchase on line. You only need an micro-SDHC if you want your phone numbers stored separately from the SIM card or if you want to store music to listen to with your ear phones. A 2GB or 4GB micro-SDHC will work fine.D. You can load up the micro-SDHC card from you computer, either by putting the micro-SDHC card into a USB connection on your computer, or downloading it directly to the phone from your computer, but you will need to purchase a data cable for a SAMSUNG phone. A data cable does not come with the phone package, however, these data cables are inexpensive on the Internet.E. The phone package comes with stereo ear plugs with an on-off mike for answering calls.F. The phone package comes with an AC battery charger, but you will need to purchase a DC battery charge if you want to charge the phone's battery while in your car.F. Although there are many cons I gave it a four star rating because this phone basically does what I need it to do which is to be able to make and receive calls while in the middle of a lake or river in my kayak without having to take an ordinary mobile phone out of a sealed carrying case, and also be able to use it this as an all-round phone on land.
Arrived a day earlier than promised, paid $88.77 with shipping. I bought from the cheapest vendor which I knew from experience would mean I was getting a product meant for european sales. This means you get an adapter for the charger and in this instance the instructions were in Russian, but so what the instruction book is the internet. The 2nd day I lost the phone in the house, in my pants pocket. When I called it the washing machine started ringing, it went through a presoak and extra rinse just fine. It bounces when dropped, I threw it across the room a couple of times out of curiosity, no scratches or dents. When you take pictures underwater they are distorted, this could be the water glass shape. I bought it as a phone to be used as a phone so my expectations are that I won't break it by putting it in my pocket and sitting on it. It is comfortable in my pocket I'm not sure why but even though it is bigger than some of my past phones I don't feel it as much.
Perfect rugged phone. Bulletproof. Long battery life.
good one
great product
Had this a while, still going well and keep a charge
Best waterproof unlocked phone.
Here we are five years after I bought this phone and I'm still using it as a back-up. It's been all over the world and keeps on ticking like it was brand new!
excelente
very satisfied with thisproduct
It is a pretty basic phone.The things I love:- It is "waterproof" without the need to buy a bulky case that costs as much as the phone.- The external speaker is loud. I get really poor cellular reception, and using this as a speakerphone lets me watch the signal strength.- It is easy to use.- Battery standby time is about 2-3 weeks!The thing I'd change:- The time does not seem to update automatically when calls are made or received.Edit - 10-13-2015I've had the phone for some time and it works great, but two problems have come up.1 - The phone turns off a lot when it is in my pocket. I keep the phone in the right thigh cargo pocket, and I have no idea how it turns off. I'm sure it is how I sit, but you have to hold the * key to unlock the phone, and then hold the power button to turn it off. I'd expect that instead of turning off every time that it should just as easily call someone, or start up some program like the calculator or camera, but that has never happened.2 - The flashlight button turns the light on even if the phone is locked. Yes, this could be a useful feature, but it also leads to the flashlight being on when it is in your pocket.I'm not going to re-rate the phone based on these two "flaws" since they may only apply to people who store the phone in a cargo pocket and sit like I do, but they are to factors to at least be aware of.
Used this phone for quite some time before upgrading to and Android. This phone was tough and reliable and still in use by one of my employees
This is the only phone that will resist my husband and the boat trips, we already had one but bought another one as they are really my husband's proof! Nothing else resisted, and we tried. Tried a fancy phone with a housing called life proof, well, that was not enough for him, this one so far is!!!!!
I needed a basic phone for my elderly father and this worked out perfectly. He did not want any of the modern "smart phones" but rather a simple and basic phone. The ruggedness and built in flash light are plus as well. The call quality is clear and the ringers are quite loud. The only reason I did not rate it five stars is because of the size. It is somewhat too small for the palm of a grown man.
I had this phone before, and it was great. I work outdoors, and in the rain. it made it with the rough treatment I gave it.this is my second phone like this. I broke the screen on the first one.the odd thing is I dropped it from very high up onto a steel deck on a ship and it survived fine.and after owning it for over a year I dropped it while getting out of my car onto a gravel road, and broke the screen.I liked it enough to buy it again. the next one up was going to cost about $400 bucks
sucks as a phone but sure was fun droping it in my beer while using it or hosing down with the garden hose in front of people . thins took a beating . not a scratch
High recomended... I got a friend that went diving with one at 40 ft... And guess what.... Still working....And i am a scuba instructor so always with my pants wet.... And is awesome
i had to replace my husband's destroyed phone and this was the same phone, but shinier and newer and updated!
This phone survived a 50 minute laundry wash cycle today because it was hiding in a pair of jeans. Very impressed.
It is just as I ordered, waterproof, shock resistant, not to large, fits into pants pocket. I would recommend this phone to anyone not looking for a computer (smart) phone.
Got this phone 3 years ago and loved it soooo much. Mp3 with great volume, internet capable, mini SD space, dropped it 5 times a day, washed it once, and never gave in. Eventually lost it, but wish I had another one.
I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone that tends to be a little rough with their phones because this one is built tough. It may not be as beautiful as most of the other phones on the market but will withstand all the punishment you can put it through. It's water resistant and I never have to worry about dropping it, small and compact. Great for someone that is active and always on the go.
My wife went through 3 phones in one year! Bought her this and though being dropped, in the pool twice now and being used as a "toy" by a 65lb. dog it still looks good as new and works without fail. Great phone.
My husband is a plumber and he has broken ever phone he has ever had or got water in them. I found this phone and got it hoping it would do what it claims and i have to say IT DOES! It is shock proof, water proof and scratch resistant. He has dropped it 100 times, never cracking the screen or breaking anything. He never empties his pockets so i washed this phone not once but twice and even half dried it and guess what, I turned right on and took a call!!! EXCELLENT BUY
I got this b/c I drive a Jeep and am just as hard on my phone. :) It's waterproof which is great considering I get caught in the rain quite a bit. I also got the car charger and data cord. it's a great little basic phone. Takes better pic's than my last motorola NV2, too! and my nephew likes the flashlight. I'll pass this phone along to him when he's ready for a phone. Keep him grounded - he's 8 and in no way "needs" a smartphone. That's my 2 cents though.
Great for outdoor enthusiasts and those who are less careful with their phone. Sturdy and reliable. Supports four GSM frequencies making it easy for me to get good coverage everywhere with my carrier.
spot on
RELIABLE PROTECTION FROM WATER DAMAGE - I just wish it had a jack with which to use a headset/headphones. I just figured it would have which was the wrong assumption. It does seem to have a battery that last longer than the past two phones I've had and I appreicate that. I only gave it 4 because of the no-phone-headphone jack
just like i espect
Good phone but unable to find a matching headset/headphone.
Great travel phone for abroad, almost bullet proof.
This is the fifth one I've bought, for they are the best dumb phones around. Perfect size for paddling and surfing. Yeah! I got waterproof smart phones, but you can't read the screen out in bright sunlight and there's no place to attach a float or lanyard to them, plus them touch screens are useless out in the surf. Glad they still make em. Oh! Yes, the flashlight is very handy.
Very durable phone, only problem was not as good reception as my old Nokia 6010.
I'm into construction and this is one sturdy phone! it takes a beating and it works well.
This phone was as advertised. I just plugged my att simcard in and it is working fine. If you want a basic no frills phone this is a great choice
Achieves the objectives of its design. The colour display is small yet pixel clarity is great. Price is very reasonable for quality of phone offered.
It is a great phone. the sound quality is excellent. It is easy to use. I only wanted a telephone, not a smartphone.
I bought two of these as gifts for my brothers who do not love an all touch screen phone. I am glad that Samsung still have these sliders.Very happy buyer.
May not be the greatest phone out there, but at least it does what it says. Have had no problems so far.
It works well I just don't like where the buttons to receive a call is because often when it is in my pocket I can't get it out without hitting the reject call button
This was a gift for my wife. Seems to work fine, but since this phone is replacing an old Nokia it will take some time getting used to the Samsung format.
It is good phone. I bought it as a gift. So person who received it, is happy with it. It has all the options she needs.thankzzz
I loved the phone, but I've realized it's better for me to have wi-fi, which this cellphone doesn't have.However, it's a great phone.
I purchased this phone for my mom who is in her late 60s. It is perfect for her as she wanted an upgrade from a flip phone, but didn't want and couldn't handle a smart phone that could do lots and lots of things. She has a phone that can do just enough. She enjoys the touch screen, the qwerty keyboard for texting, the few apps, and the camera. I think I hit the mark on this one!
The phone arrived way before the expected time in condition described by the seller; new with charger, samsung headphones and usb connector. The phone works well and I am absolutely content with my purchase. Would order from this seller (Yellow Deals) again.This phone is very appropriate for children between the ages 10- 15; it is not too much or too little.
This phone is simply great. Touch-screen and a physical qwerty keyboard are the perfect combination for a cellphone. I use the phone with AT&T but I only use text and calls which are great. The touchscreen is very, very responsive. The phone is overall easy to use. Oh and the battery is amazingly great! The phone has 5 battery bars and it still has 3 bars with the phone on 3 consecutive days without recharging.The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because the keyboard is somewhat hard to use for the first time, the text input is a few microseconds delayed when you use the keyboard and the keys are very sensitive.Overall very good cellphone!
Good phone. I bought it for my daughter, who wanted to have a qwerty phone. We like the features offered by the phone.The only point I don't like about the phone is the date format. Since this is an international phone, the US date format is not available.
I live in colombia and the phone it's unlocked for all operators.Great design and excelent finish. the WM6.5 is very slow, looks like it needed more memory ram.begining to enjoy it
Good phone. I sent it to Europe for my mother in law.
Excellent seller! A+++
excellent phone, the shipment arrived on time, comfortable, friendly, meet my expectations but came without headphones.I look forward to bid on this phone compatible accessoriesSamsung Behold 2 II T939 Unlocked Android Phone with 5MP Camera, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Brown
Phone arrived quickly and well packaged. Touchscreen is very responsive and the phone has many functions. Owner's manual was included but download a better copy on-line.
phone is working well with Simple Mobile. Simple Mobile is like Boost and Virgin are to Sprint is What Simple Mobile is to T Mobile
I bougth this cell phone like 3 weeks ago, and i just got it, but you have to know that I live in Ecuador, so I had to buy it and wait for the time of delivering. The product I got looks like new, I bought it new, and the price was reasonable, the cell phone came with all the accesories they announced, so I'm very satisfied with the service BLUETUKSA gave me.
First off - I bought this phone as a "temporary" replacement for an AT&T phone. I did some initial research, took the plunge and bought it. I went into this knowing that it is an unlocked T-Mobile phone being run on the AT&T network. As forewarned some features may not be supported. I have three issues that I can live with for the short term until I can get a decent contract phone (like the Motorola Atrix) without paying full retail.1st issue: Sending/Receiving embedded pics via text messaging does not work2nd issue: Does not recognize the AT&T 3G service (if someone out there does have it showing the AT&T 3G - please let me know).3rd issue: Processor is underpowered.More research and drudging through the Android forums - I found that someone else acknowledged the lack of supporting the AT&T 3G service. If you can update to Android 1.6 (I have not yet and won't till I have my contract replacement phone and will risk doing the update then), that seems to improve performance - at least in some of the reviews I have read. Unless you are running this over a T-Mobile network - you will not be able to do an over-the-air update. The 1.6 update is available at: [...] There seems to be two updates you have to apply. Once I do this (probably in a few months - I will update here).I do like the phone. It is nicely sized, has a good feature-set. The camera and video quality is pretty decent with a good set of controls. The call quality is excellent as is playing music out of it. I do use it as an alarm clock - though be forwarned. For some reason - the alarm clock version that comes with the phone does not allow you to add music from your mp3 collection to wake up to. But the Timer app does. Go figure.BATTERY ISSUE1 other issue that I am NOT down rating the phone for. I bought this phone back at the beginning of June. Battery life was as advertised - but this week has rapidly declined in performance daily. Today as example - started off the day with a fully charged phone - only sent/received 3 text messages. I am assuming this is a product that sat on the shelf for a long period of time. It is under warranty with the seller (BluetekUSA). I have sent this issue to them and am hoping to resolve this shortly.Hope this helps. Good phone. If you are buying to run on the T-Mobile network - by all means go for it. If you are a novice user and don't want to mess with updates - see if your reseller in this marketplace will do the 1.6 update for you. Doesn't hurt to ask!Robert
all right!!!
It came good
I like this phone a lot, especially because its pink and it's very light and thin. Not ur latest phone but i still like it. very good price for and awesome condition with fast delivery. =)
I sincerely love my new phone. It came in quick and was i great condition and works great! Thank you and i am really happy! :)
I ordered this phone a couple days ago. I got it much quicker then expected. The phone was however not working prperly when I got it. The screen wouldn't turn on when anyone called or when I made phone calls. I emailed the company and told them and they gladly are going to exchange it for me. So as far as customer service goes their great! and besides the screen not lighting up which im sure is a defect it is an awesome phone. I will update when I get my new one back.
i LOVE IT! i honestly thought it wasnt going to be all that great but delivery was fast and great packaging i will continue to purchase from here //thanks again guys! the phone was perfect condition i love it!!!! =))
Well, I am not a huge fan of the touch screen smartphones etc.. I had recently purchased a Samsung Gravity 3 like two months ago, and after dropping the thing my screen was messed up, it had squiggly lines all over the screen and the screen would freeze on me and rather then going through t-mobile customer support I decided to just shop around and I fell in love with the look and colour of this phone.I was really suprised at how fast i recieved this phone! Before the G3 I had, I had a nokia nuron which was a NIGHTMARE DUMBPHONE! All I wanted was a simple phone. Well, I am IN LOVE with this phone so far.. The look, the colour, the screen, it's not heavy nor bulky!The camera actually has a flash..and it's a 5.0mp camera..T-mobile has offered different data plans, and I got the 10 dollar plan for 200MB of data which is fine for me because i dont use data very much but I went on the web on the phone and its actually pretty decent.. It beats the nuron by a long shot.. Texting is very easy.. You can text using qwerty. Phone calls are clear as day.. You can also use it as a MP3 player.. This phone came with a USB cord to upload music, haven't tried doing that yet! But all in all, I am really liking it and I rate the phone a 10!*~*Update*~*Had this phone for awhile now, the camera SUCKS!!!!!!! The flash is bright.. It doesn't take clear and clean photo's. It kind of distorts the colour a bit... I tried going into my camera settings and switching some things around.. It helped a little bit, I have taken flash off it helped some what, but it still distorts the colour of the image and it takes forever for the pic to be taken.. Also you have to go into settings on camera everytime you wanna take a pic to change them, no option to save changes, that kinda sucks... But I am not gonna down grade my rating because of the camera, it's not something I use all the time... Other then that, I STILL LOVE the phone :-)Oh and I have used the MP3 player on the phone... I LOVE it.. you can use the music you upload on your phone as ringtones... Its awesome..Also, for those with the myfaves plan, this is a myfaves phone just incase anyone was wondering.
Bought this as a gift, they liked it.
*¨¨*:•.FIVE.•:*¨¨*:•.STARS.•:*¨¨*.•:*¨¨*:•.THANK.•:*¨¨*:•.YOU.•:*¨¨*:•
bien
I like it got here on time
Great phone in brand new condition. I bought it for my Grandmother and I took it for a test drive and I was impressed with its features and the camera. The camera isn't the greatest compared to my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 but it take decent pictures and there's a flash too so the low lit pictures still look good. The seller gave us exactly what we were looking for.
It was a great phone while it lasted, it died on me(well the speak is now dead) I can make calls, people on the other side can hear me, but I cant hear them, no sound at all. Besides that it has been a great phone for the bast 3 years, I use it with my bt now. It should last me another 3 years, hopefully.
If you only need a phone with normal functions as taking good pictures, sending messages, and making phone calls, this product will definitely be a great one... Its camera is pretty good.. Those pictures that I took from this phone is probably better than Nokia Xpress Music 5800 for some reasons.. they're brighter
the phone is very user friendly. i am recommending it to anyone who is thinking of buying a good phone at any given time.its really good
I loved the New Behold Samsung phone. It is awesome. If your looking for a great up to date phone buy this phone. I love it the voice recognition and application & internet options are great. The camera is nice and editing feature is great.Mp3 is awesome too. The video's play great too.So many benefits i can't list them all just buy the phone.
the cell works well, is nice, good camera and an excellent touch screen. The interface is very friendly. It's a good cell for that price
I love this phone. I ordered it from The OEM Shop. Why do they have bad reviews? The phone came new, it came with the USB Cord, Headphones and the charger. :D It's so cute! It's rose pink. :DThe only problem I have is that the headset only has one earphone on it, not two. That's kind of weird but I have a headphone from the Gravity 2 so I could use that one.I love this phone! :D----Update 3/17/2012I've dropped it a lot but it works great still. I haven't had problems with it. This phone is just a replacement of my Gravity 2 that broke in late August. But at the end of this month I'm buying an HTC Sensation so this phone will be a back up for that phone.
My second purchase with Amazon.com was also a good chose the Samsung Behold T919. I like it, but I believe my service provider is not that great...Simple Mobile. I cant seem to get the Web, and cant enter my account with Facebook. But, otherwise, I can take picture, good one, text, the basic is fine.....the screen display, I love it...great phone, really. Yet, I am still searching for a phone without the touch screen...it not for me...I need one with a full keyboard...I would and do recommend the Samsung Behold T919 for those who can handle touch phones.
I love this phone! Point blank. It's touch screen so it's easy to use -- especially if you like to text.
I'm so glad that I found someone who still sells this phone!I am extremely happy with my purchase!Phone was brand new, I didn't see a USB to connect the phone to the computer tho, bummer!
Hi,I like your service provided me to solve the problem I have with Samsung Behold T919. I want to remove my previous review comments but I am not sure how to do that. Thanks for all your support.Thanks,Kalyan
Love the phone best you can get with out going to Android. Would definately recommend this phone for someone who doesn't want an android.
My daughter really loves this phone. I was really pleased with the price and the seller got it out super fast. Its very user friendly and the pefect fit not to big not to small. Definatly a good investment.
I like the size as it is just right for my wife. The 5MP camera is a welcome improvement. I like the flexibility of putting any sim card in and it works.
Bought for my wife, all functionality claimed has been working really well. My wife is pretty happy about this phone and specially good cam
I bought this phone for a family member overseas because I had this phone myself it was a solid purchase after a couple years it's still working properly.
I love this Samsung Behold phone. It has a good touch screen and is easy to use. It would have cost me much more to buy a new one with the dealer. The cost was affordable and the phone lasted long.
This phone is very good, its performance is excellent, the screen is very sensitive ... and is very strong ...
I got the phone very quuick and it was in exellent conditions. I started using right away. I highly recomended.
i researched phones , before i bought this 1 i got tired of getting a phone just because it was " free" todays phone market theres always something for everyone. i was looking for a full function phone that wasnt android or an iphone because applications use alot of data and since i have a very moderate data plan 100 mbs this was important. i was looking for a phone that was actually responsive when you hit the touch screen.Im with tmobile because virgin has very limited coverage. i like prepaid because their plans are just as cheap as the contract and im not tied down [Even though ive been offered contracts and really cool phones]. the behold i like even though its an older phone. it has a 5 mega picts cam flash. you can browse the net text are easy and for 100.00 no way to complain. reliability is good wish it had a 3.5 jack for a headphone but you can get adapter as i did for 2.00 that lets you use standard headphones.tmobile just got bought up by ATT.. bummer but maybe the FCC will not approve it.
Latasha SmallDepartment Of Consumer AffairsThe OEM Shop Hello,just wanted to say thank you for the perfect service. I'll look forward to doing business with you in the future.
I like the phone, but I was disappointed that only the phone charger, battery and user guide was included in the box, I expected this phone to have the micro SD-card,hands-free head set and USB Data Cable included, this is the first time that I bought a phone and it did not include these standard accesories, other than that I like the phone, but I have to now go and purchase these accesories which should have been included with the phone.
sleek and stylish phone very easy to use. only problem is when receiving pics it warns of roaming charges if i continue. im not getting charged but its a bit annoying.great camera and easy to use if you prefer an uncomplicated devices as i do.all in all good phone for the price.
I was weary of buying a cell phone online rather than in the Tmobile store, but I was very pleased. The phone is in excellent working condition, and I have no problems with it. It arrived quickly.
Thank You for a very nice and clear viewing phone that works well with the clear understanding of what a small piece of equipment should work !!!!
I LOVE this phone. The reason i titled it " Dinosaur " is because AT&T doesn't make them any more. Because I didn't buy it through an AT&T supplier, I can't download pictures. This phone is the only kind of phone my husband and I care to carry. The color on this one is not a red red, it is a burgundy which is such a pretty color. I will continue buying this type phone as long as I can find them. If I wanted to use my computer, I would carry my lap top with me.
Phone company stopped selling these. Husband had one for many years and it lasted a long time, more so than any other previous phone. When it was it was time for him to get a new one he wanted one just like he had. This phone came used but it was almost in NEW condition. Looked like it wasn't even used.
I went many years before upgrading to a smart phone. I have used 3 Blackjack phones. The only thing I didn't like was how this version changed the port sizes from the previous version. I had to rebuy some chargers for this phone to work.
it is very good
I received this phone today and was very happy, the phone is in very good condition I am so please with my purchase.
this phone i got for my mom as a gift because she isnt into smart phones. its simple and easy to use and navigate. she loves this phone. its perfect for someone who isnt into touch screens
The phone arrived ahead of delivery date but would not power on...now most people would have returned it and tried another source, I did the opposite, as a US Army vet, rule number 1 for trouble shooting radios (which a cell phone is) is check the connections, then the battery...guess what, it was the battery...just ordered another (total of 4$) and now i have a perfectly working windows mobile 6.1 smart phone. Buying a used phone is like buying a used car in some aspects, they both sometimes need new batteries to keep them running correctly. And the seller does a great job with shipping the item quickly so that I had time to check it over and determine what if anything it needed.
This phone work flawlessly with no problems! I expected it to have problems being so old but it worked great!
it was in good condition little slow to much pictures and videos on it but got them out and now go fast thank you.
Item came fast and was just as explained happy I got the phone, it came two days earlier than expected
only if you have att is good, and the Internet does not work very or but it must not to the product, but to a simple ability of this company so that you buy a plan by contract with them, the Internet in the plan does not work or all limitless one of att, because you must pay estra according to the company.
I went many years before upgrading to a smart phone. I have used 3 Blackjack phones. The only thing I didn't like was how this version changed the port sizes from the previous version. I had to rebuy some chargers for this phone to work.
it is very good
this phone i got for my mom as a gift because she isnt into smart phones. its simple and easy to use and navigate. she loves this phone. its perfect for someone who isnt into touch screens
The phone arrived ahead of delivery date but would not power on...now most people would have returned it and tried another source, I did the opposite, as a US Army vet, rule number 1 for trouble shooting radios (which a cell phone is) is check the connections, then the battery...guess what, it was the battery...just ordered another (total of 4$) and now i have a perfectly working windows mobile 6.1 smart phone. Buying a used phone is like buying a used car in some aspects, they both sometimes need new batteries to keep them running correctly. And the seller does a great job with shipping the item quickly so that I had time to check it over and determine what if anything it needed.
it was in good condition little slow to much pictures and videos on it but got them out and now go fast thank you.
only if you have att is good, and the Internet does not work very or but it must not to the product, but to a simple ability of this company so that you buy a plan by contract with them, the Internet in the plan does not work or all limitless one of att, because you must pay estra according to the company.
I was well pleased with the customer service they were formal and to the point and very helpful things that most others lack. Will consider purchasing from them again.
excelente
like the samsung blackjackII cuz its easy to use for me anyway i dont have to deal with the touch screen cell phone((:
This phone is great for the price. Has good sound quality on songs and while on the phone. Microphone is good too.this phone feels solid and doesn't feel loss when the sliding motions yup and down. And love the design of this phone as well. Samsung is a good quality phone maker and they will always be the second best cause HTC is the best
This phone is great for the price. Has good sound quality on songs and while on the phone. Microphone is good too.this phone feels solid and doesn't feel loss when the sliding motions yup and down. And love the design of this phone as well. Samsung is a good quality phone maker and they will always be the second best cause HTC is the best
Has been suing it overseas for few years now
I bought it and i like it.Fits any place and easy to carry.Working well and so far no issues with it.
My phone arrived on expected date. I love my phone so far. As soon as I received it, I inserted my Philippine roaming sim card right away and it works.
I am a plain phone person and this was just right.
Ive had alot of flip phone but this little phone is the baest ever made, too bad they stopped making it.
I do believe one of the best Android phones on the market no matter how old it is beautifully designed for the desert
This phone is not only a phone but a computer in your hand. The resolution is fantastic, the speed is great, the feature set is huge. The battery lasts about 2 days stock and up to a week with some tweaks.
After breaking two iphones, I knew it was to delicate of a phone for me. So, I switched to the Samsung Captivate, as the battery is easily removable (to dry out in case of water spillage). Now I can't remember what I miss about the iphone. The apps are great, I love speech to text. My hotmail account was able to be set up as an emaiil app(had problems with the iphone and windows phone) Driod is user friendly and you can arrange applications on different home screens. I did learn that you cannot set specific text notifications tones to specific contacts. Tip* you can change the text notification tone from messaging screen under settings, instead of going through the settings application function.* I am sure most people could figure that out, but I had the chicken dance song stuck as my text alert and couldn't figure out how to remove it. I did install samsung kies, and when you work around it, you can store your contacts and import music. I am not a techy so I hope the I used the right terminology. The phone just needs a flash. Good Luck !
I have had this smartphone for about two weeks and love it. I was debating for a long time between the iphone 4 and the Samsung Captivate. I chose the Samsung because of the ability to drag and drop files, music, pictures from my computer to my laptop, without worrying about itunes. I guess I am kind of old school, but I prefer that method. I like the Andorid phone because I feel like I have ability to change more settings and modify things the way I prefer over the iphone. The call quality is great and response from the processor seems fast. Everything on my Google account is very easy to review on this phone including Picasa, gmail, whcih all sync well.There are some things that annoy me about this phone. The power button is very easy hit while holding it. I prefer the recessed button on the iPhone much better. The camera took a while to figure out, mainly I couldn't figure out how to review photos I took. On the iPhone this is very easy, but after some practice I was able to figure it out. The camera has no flash, but based on what I have seen from my friends' iPhones, the LED flash does not seem to help much. The lighted buttons on the bottom of this phone are kind of weird, you basically have to hit them twice, and I mean hit them, because they do not respond to simple touch.I kept reading that this phone has ability to play flash embeded in websites, but I have not been able to do that. I have been told this will be available when Android 2.2 is released for AT&T. Overall I am happy with this phone and would buy it again, but I hope they make a few improvements to the buttons on the second edition of this phone. This phone with new contract was $150 cheaper than an iPhone with new contract, so that helped me make the decision also.
I am really satisfied with Samsung Galaxy phone.I used Samsung cell phone before.I like every application. Now I'm enjoying.I strongly recommend you!!
Had the phone for several weeks now and I am very pleased! Huge crystal clear display and swype rocks. Sadly the first phone I received had issues with the home button randomly and continually clicking. Returned to amazon and got working phone in two days, easy. Watching movies and youtube are clearer than my monitor and the phone multitasks well. Touch screen is spot on. Call quality is good. Overall a great phone, I would say on par if not superior to iphone.
I went into the AT&T store to buy an IPhone 3. While there, I looked at the Samsung Captivate. I was very impressed with the bigger screen and some of the features. My main motivation for buying this phone:1. Amazon offered this phone for $49.99, as opposed to AT&T who wanted $199.2. All the reviews I read were very positive.I have had the phone for a month, and so far I am very pleased. The touch technology works great!
I had ordered these cell phones on Sept 7th and the shipment arrived on the 13th, much earlier than the projected delivery date which was around 21st. The package included everything that I had ordered. Both Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 and Samsung Captivate are nice pieces of hardware. The Xperia felt a little bit heavier after batteries were loaded on both but still lighter compared to Motorola Droid.Sony Ericsson Xperia X10Looks nice. Has chrome finishing around the edges. Feels good while holding. Has buttons for home, menu and back. Facebook, gmail and picasa apps comes preloaded. Has 8.1MP camera. Has android 1.6.Samsung CaptivateThe name says it all! Vibrant AMOLED screen keeps you captivated. Soft keys has haptic sensors. Comes with android 2.1. Comes preloaded with AT&T and third party apps. Very light and large screen (4 inch diagonal). Processor is pretty fast. Comes with Maps application that has layers built into it. The traffic layer is the coolest one that provides almost real time traffic status on highways so you would know what route to avoid.The Samsung Captivate turned out to be defective. The issue was its haptic sensor malfunctioned every now and then that would drive the phone into a continuous vibration mode for 5-10 minutes. This also caused all other applications to close and hung up on the home screen. Amazon Customer Service rep was phenomenal in documenting the issue and replacement phone was sent the very next day via UPS. No doubt that despite extensive QA and testing, defective hardware make it to the market, however, the way Amazon handled the issue was phenomenal and the reason why they deserve 5 star. If you guys are looking for coolest android devices or any other electronic devices, I would definitely recommend Amazon.
The goods: The processor, memory and storage capacity are more capable than my first three PCs put together !! The OS is snappy and quite polished, menu's are responsive and Android 2.1 is quite stable, haven't had too many applications crash (Browser and Jewels a couple of times, uptime of 250+hrs). Samsung's look&feel and customization are quite intuitive and functional. Not much bloatware from AT&T and more fundamentally all of Google's apps are still available (as opposed to Verizon), i.e. Maps, Location and Navigation are all functional and available. All of AT&T's items can be moved off the various desktops/panels and you are free to customize the content as you desire. Swype works well, has a bit of a learning curve and has some quirks so I won't put it in the greats category just yet, may change in a couple of weeks of usage though. The screen unlock is quite cool, and definitely a step up from earlier Palm and Sony-Ericsson phones which my <1yr old cracked in no time. The included video player and music player are decent, no hiccups or stutters on video or audio-sync to date. The browser is quite reasonable, menus and organization could be done a lot better but you can always get Opera Mobile from the Marketplace. Amazon's Kindle and shopping app are decent, would have very much preferred a better app integration for Kindle. It uses the native browser so everytime a purchase is completed, you are back to the home page to start off again.The greats: Integration with Gmail (Labels work !!), Gtalk and GCal is really good. Android Marketplace needed a separate account setup and didn't take the setting from the Gmail app for some reason, but that's a minor issue. Pandora works well, haven't had a crash. Multitasking is really functional and you can actually be on a call and browse the web as the AT&T commercial used to claim. Buttons are located reasonably and you can actually turn the phone off in addition to Flight mode. Call quality is quite decent in my calling area, no evidence of "grip of death" to date. Speakerphone is functional, I may have seen a drop off in volume with time but that's probably just from settings changes. The screen is quite awesome and the real-estate is used quite well. Google Listen app works really well with Podcasts unless you have to go through iTunes in which case you are on your own. One definite reason for not going iPhone was the whole iTunes/Quicktime bloatware and I would say I have had no reason to consider iPhone to date. Sync and Wifi (WPA2 and 802.11x) work well, I did have to purchase a 99c app for configuring Enterprise security (Wifi Config Pro), well worth it :-). Amazon's 1c price for the phone definitely was truly great!! Video capture quality and playback are getting rave reviews from everybody who's seen it to date. Google voice-search is really neat, hopefully it learns with time and can be integrated into the Swype keyboard before too long (It's there on a Droid X !!!)The bads: Battery life is marginal at best, and I've adjusted all brightness settings to minimum, disabled live wallpaper, keep the screen locked with a timeout of 30s, shutoff Wifi when screen times out, Bluetooth and GPS are off etc. so everything apart from figuring out how to get "Speedstep" running on this thing. I need Sync to be enabled, given the purpose of the phone. When browsing, battery really sucks, I've had full charge go to 10% in less than 2 hours everytime. I would doubt the claims on 7hour talk time, but I haven't tested that out just yet (limited minutes). Youtube app sucks, might be more to do with Youtube bandwidth though, but to date experience has been pathetic at best. Samsung's included charger is equally pathetic, comparing a similar capacity battery (~1500mAh) and charger from Palm, Sony-Ericsson, Motorala and RIM all of which charge much faster. I'm looking for a better battery and I've bought additional charger and USB cables. BTW the phone end is a Micro-B USB, not the typical Mini more commonly found on RIM/Palm etc.TBD: Haven't evaluated USB to PC connectivity, Bluetooth was slowwwww and you have to go in each folder and enable visibility for items you wish to transfer to a PC. Video (~13MB) transfer took 4+mins. Overall, BT doesn't appear to be a viable option for media transfer apart from pics every once in a while.Learnings: When in doubt, long press!! Apps shortcuts can be added to a panel by just long pressing on an empty location, and again long pressing the app of interest. Home key long press shows the equivalent of Alt-Tab. I haven't had a need for any Task Manager/Killer utility but then again I don't install too much crapware. gStrings and WifiAnalyzer are cool apps and RealCalc is the equivalent of XP Powertoy calculator. Definitely would suggest having the settings shortcut on the main 4 panel dock. If you use MAC based access control on your Wifi, the phone's MAC address can be found in the About Phone->Status section of Settings. One gripe, there's no Flash LED, surprising given brethren of GalaxyS appear to all have quite capable versions.Overall, a really strong mobile platform by itself and doesn't need to be compared or contrasted against an iPhone. If you are a Google Enterprise customer, then the choice is quite obvious. Hopefully Froyo improves the experience and if I can find a better battery then I would have no gripes for the remaining 2 years on my AT&T contract. Speaking of which, AT&T really needs to work on Customer service, Customer website and definitely 3G coverage. As an example, all of AT&T's music etc. apps won't work with Wifi, WT*. If I had the choice of price and phone from any other carrier (definitely Epic4G would be a great choice) I would have taken it. I still might do so given my AT&T experience. Also, one caveat, there was a mention quite a few places in the review/comments that the contract termination for this phone was $175, NOT TRUE, it's $325 with $10 off for every month on the contract. So, AT&T and battery are the reasons for not giving a five-star rating.
I'll get right to it...I love this phone (hence the ***** rating) BUT, there is a SERIOUS issue with the phone turning itself off. I'm not going to go into all the things that make this one kick @ss phone 'cause you can read what all the other posters have written (they're all true...this phone rocks). BUT, this "turning off" issue is a serious flaw that Samsung has GOT to get fixed. I've had it 6 days now and the phone turns itself off (or doesn't wake up) 5-6 times per day...VERY annoying!!On the plus side, Amazon has been great at returning the phone. I'm just crossing my fingers that the next Captivate doesn't have this issue!
they really needed to look at placement of the camera lens because I get so many shots with my finger in it, many great moments lost because the need to take the time to make sure your finger isn't in the shot. so far its a pretty good phone, but it is NOT COMPATIBLE WITH SKYPE MOBILE so if you want an android phone that lets you use skype mobile look for something else!The display is beautiful and bright, picks up wireless very well but some of the AT&T apps will only work on the 3G so beware of this! Lucky for me there are many alternatives in the android app store. Battery life is comparable to that of a typical laptop or netbook type computer don't expect this thing to go days without a charge, but if you charge it daily, you should be fine.
I'll keep this review short and sweet, as there are a lot of other reviews with the pros and cons. I had Verizon's Droid Eris before this and the phone had only a 524mhz processor and to my surprise the Verizon network sucks where I live. The phone was slow, typing on the virtual keypad was horrible as it would lag and stutter, and everything about the phone was slow. This phone with a 1000mhz processor is super fast, I don't have to worry about killing apps, and the keyboard is fantastic!! Absolutely no lag and the screen is just gorgeous. Call quality has been great and I get great service where I am in AT&T.I wanted to get the Epic for Sprint because of the physical keyboard, but after using the captivate I really don't need the physical keypad. This thing JUST WORKS.(9/14/10)Edit: The GPS is broken currently, but it is a software issue so it is apparently being fixed. Also, when I received the phone I had problems with it randomly turning itself off. I returned the phone to Amazon and got a new one. So far, no problems with the new phone. I did a lot of research on this issue and it appears to be a bad batch of Captivates and not a software issue or an app issue.
im not a big phone geek but this phone is sooo user friendly and easey to use!! i have always gone with samsung phones because of there pressure sensitive screens instead of the usual heat sensitive screens. i do love pressure sensitive screens because there easey to use with my nails. the captivate is NOT pressure sensitive but the sreen is so huge that texting is not a problem for me! It also has the cool talk to text feature on the android keyboard witch means i dont have to type at all!!!! this phone is sooo fun i havent put it down!!!! love it buy this phone!!!
my first andriod phone was the HTC ARIA I got on amazon, it was good the first week then I started having issues, like locking up texting, had to push hard on the screen, swiping wasn't as smooth and senstive as new. Amazon let me send it back and exchanged for Capitvate. I really like this phone, why? compared to the Aria here are the pro's... call quailty is better, I can hear the callers better, speaker phone is louder, its still pocketable, screen size is perfect, tad faster (1000mhz verse 600mhz), texting is easier due to larger keyboard, so I make less mistakes, love the address book, can add alot of info on each contact, 16gb of space AND you can add a transflash card. Screen is clear and bright, record video at 720HD, does well taking photos even with out flash, but I didn't buy it for that as I have Canon EOS. I installed an app killer, so when I boot it, I kill back ground apps, then stop services I don't need and after 3 charges I'm easly getting 2 days of use, once 3, all depends on WIFI, internet use and bluetooth. Like everyone else you turn down the screen brightness which helps and its still bright at the lowest setting. Pairs up fast and easy to my moto bluetooths. I have had the phone since 9.22, still getting used to all the features but after 18 days I am really happy with this phone and doesn't look like I'm giving it up. I would say if your on the fence about getting a smartphone and have ATT, I would say check this one out, the IPhone4 or HTC Aria. Iceing on the cake was I paid $60 for this phone and although the HTC Aria was 1 cent, I am whey happier with this phone and was well worth the upgrade cost. For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.
This is a great phone, and the price I got it for is literally unbeatable, but be aware that you might not get it right away. There's a credit check process you have to go through with AT&T that delays shipment by about a day. After that, Amazon delayed shipping my order two more times, so I finally got my phone about a week and a half later than promised.I didn't need the phone immediately, so this wasn't a problem for me, but it's something to consider if you absolutely need the phone to arrive on time. Also, luckily for me, the price of the phone dropped during the delay period, so I canceled my order and re-ordered at the lower price. You aren't billed until Amazon ships the phone, so if your shipment is delayed and the price drops you can definitely take advantage of that! Highly recommend.
IPHONE WHAT...THE CAPTIVATE WILL DEFINITELY DO THAT TO YOU. I LOVE THE PHONE. IT HAS INCREDIBLE APPS BEAUTIFUL AMOLED SCREEN. THE ONE DOWN FALL AND THIS IS PRETTY MUCH UNIVERSAL WITH THIS PHONE AND ANY SMART PHONE IS BATTERY LIFE. I WOULD DEFINITELY RECCOMEND THIS PHONE.
This is a first-impressions review. I'm pretty particular about my phone equipment; I've had a cell phone since 1992 and have had service with every carrier. We were pleased with the Sprint signal, but didn't want to pay the extra 10 clams for the 4G service that's not in our area yet (central Indiana) which was required for me to upgrade my phone to any of the Sprint smartphones. So, the search for a new phone/provider was initiated.I've been carrying a Blackberry 8330 for two years, and it has been a very reliable piece of equipment. But, the small screen makes the navigation hard to decipher, and the browser lacked the functionality of the newer smartphones. Long story short, after a month of research on the 'net and stopping at phone stores to play with equipment, I landed on the Samsung Captivate. With ATT's plans, it made sense for my wife to get one, too, as the lower-end data plan is cheaper than the available plan for the messaging phones.Likes- 1-screen is fantastic; 2-web browser is extremely fast (I use my for product research in my historic art business, and am often trying to do quick artist searches in people's homes); 3-availability of Google apps that actually do something (rather than just the 'look at what my phone can do' apps that have no useful functions...) 4- paper-thin form that fits comfortably in my pocket(I didn't want a slider phone and this is the only Samsung Galaxy S that's not a slider); 5-Google navigation is superior to the Google Maps I had downloaded to the Blackberry and the voice command feature is nice- with a 4.3" screen, I have no need for a separate GPS appliance. 6- WiFi feature- saves the data minutes on the package and automatically connects to open WiFi servicesDislikes- Admittedly, I had a Blackberry and could type a novel with one hand, so it takes some getting used to all the swiping and scrolling. I've had it for almost a week now, and the major complaint is that the phone functions seem secondary to the 'everything else' functions. I have figured out that the Google voice search will complete a 'call' command and search the contacts database for the appropriate number. Less functional than my one-letter speed dial on the Blackberry, though. The on-screen keyboard is a 'getting-used-to-it' feature, too, but I do find the Swype keyboard quite handy. Enable that feature, for sure. Also, don't like the fact that ATT's signal in my house isn't as good as Sprint was, but it's tolerable.My wife, less a tech-goof than I, is having a ball with this phone, though. She upgraded from an LG Rumor, so this is like discovering the wheel for her... ;-) And, yes, she's found things (settings, features) on the phone before I have which have helped me in the transition.My favorite thing, though, is the Mabilo ringtone I downloaded...it's the 1960's Star Trek communicator sound that is now my text message notification. Cool, huh?Oh, and don't forget the fact that Amazon had this phone for about 30% of what ATT charges for it. That was a real decision-helper, too, and I'm also not an I-Phone clone, either.
An all around great phone, solid design, snappy, and absolutely beautiful screen. Samsung has created a true I phone competitor and it resides on AT&T.
This case fits the phone perfectly and did not have any manufacturing flaws. It adds a minimal amount of thickness to the phone. Good buy.
After nearly a month and a half with my Captivate I love it, but there are some issues. When I press Call to phone a contact, waiting 5-15 seconds is the norm to hear the other parties phone finally ringing. And sometimes it takes up to 30 seconds to actually start dialing a number after you press the Call button. Seldom, if ever, has it dialed the number immediately after pressing Call (maybe I got a bad apple?). What if I needed 911 NOW?When the screen is off, to get back to the home screen on the phone you have to press the right side button, then swipe across the screen as the phone becomes locked (for security reasons I assume). Still, the HTC Aria I tried before getting the Captivate did not have that little glitch.Speaking of the HTC Aria, I much preferred the HTC Sense droid interface to the Samsung TouchWiz interface. The HTC Sense experience just seems much cleaner with many more options/apps/and widgets to further customize the Android experience. The Aria was a little sluggish at times, but then so is the Captivate, which is quite shocking to me. However, the Captivate is not as sluggish as often as the Aria by a long shot. One thing I measured that by was a great game I bought when I had the Aria, Homerun Battle 3D. After the game loads up and on the first pitch, the Aria would always cause me to miss that same pitch by freezing for a split second after the pitcher throws the ball, which would have it sliding over home just as I gained control again. The Captivate runs the game flawlessly from the get go.Today, my Captivate started rebooting over and over for no apparent reason. The only thing that would stop it was a hard reboot, me pulling the battery for a few minutes. This is the first time this has happened, but I will be keeping an eye on it.I'm in no way as dissatisfied as this review seems to indicate, on the contrary, I do love the huge 4" screen, and as everyone has already mentioned, the AMOLED screen gets everyone drooling for the Captivate. The internal memory is more than ample to allow downloading of different apps to try out and further customize the droid experience. The light weight of the phone is very welcome to me, as using a light phone after being on a computer all day at work is great on my hands.I will update my review in a few months, and hopefully some of these items I mentioned will have been addressed and fixed. Maybe the next Android update will fix some of the TouchWiz bugs, or even have the option to cut it off and use the stock Android interface built into all Android phones. But the slow dialing has me perplexed and just about ready to ask for a replacement Captivate.
You will not go wrong with this phone. I compared it (had them both in my hands for a month) to the iphone4 and the Captivate wins hands down. Incredible picture, sound quality at ear piece and speaker phone, very light yet durable, lots of apps and flexibility. It's a no brainer.
Bought Phone For My Mom She Loves It Great Buy First One Didn't Work Seller Sent Me Another One The Second One Work great
I love this phone, it's sturdy (I've dropped waaaay too many times to count) little one dropped it in water (submerged it) dried out pretty quick now it's functioning just fine :)
I have bought 2 Comebacks and I absolutely love them! My first lasted about two years but I have dropped it A LOT. Eventually the outer screen stopped working. I bought a new one and have no complaints. This is a very easy to use phone for those who enjoy using t9 and a full keyboard. Takes great photos, even has photo editing in the phone (so you can capture and edit the perfect wall paper for your comeback!) This phone is great, absolutely no complaints! When this one dies I will buy a third comeback for sure.
Phone is still working fine & its very handy & useful for my wife. She liked the color & features
Got this phone to use on vacation in Portugal. Bought a pay as u go sim card works flawlessly. Able to call the states text, etc. Buy it very nice. Got it fast brand new,
This is my daughter's second Comeback. The first one lasted about a year and a half, and would have lasted longer if she didn't go swimming in the gulf with it! It seems to be pretty durable. My daughter is 12, and texts constantly. We don't have web service for our phones, and there are only a few phones that don't require it, and this one has served us well. Make sure you are getting the phone from a good company though. The first one I ordered was definitely used, but sold as new, and had to be sent back. I spent just a few dollars more with a different company, and it was worth it.
I absolutely love this phone. I recently just started texting and this phone is perfect....texting is easy and fast now.
Have had this phone for over a month now, it works great and was sent unlocked. This is a very savvy phone.
Bought Phone For My Mom She Loves It Great Buy First One Didn't Work Seller Sent Me Another One The Second One Work great
I love this phone, it's sturdy (I've dropped waaaay too many times to count) little one dropped it in water (submerged it) dried out pretty quick now it's functioning just fine :)
I have bought 2 Comebacks and I absolutely love them! My first lasted about two years but I have dropped it A LOT. Eventually the outer screen stopped working. I bought a new one and have no complaints. This is a very easy to use phone for those who enjoy using t9 and a full keyboard. Takes great photos, even has photo editing in the phone (so you can capture and edit the perfect wall paper for your comeback!) This phone is great, absolutely no complaints! When this one dies I will buy a third comeback for sure.
Phone is still working fine & its very handy & useful for my wife. She liked the color & features
Got this phone to use on vacation in Portugal. Bought a pay as u go sim card works flawlessly. Able to call the states text, etc. Buy it very nice. Got it fast brand new,
We recieved the phone in a timely manner with everything we were told would come with phone...
What's not to like I can drop in a puddle and still make phone calls.
Works like a new one and very affordable!
(Edited review of my SAMSUNG Convoy 2):10 Stars would be more appropriate in my opinion. For a time, I switched to an iPhone 4S, and though the iPhone 4S has some cool features, there have been times when I've missed the relatively old-fashioned technology of my old SAMSUNG Convoy 2.Yesterday, I re-activated the phone, and it's still the same great phone I remember. The picture quality isn't as good as that of the iPhone 4S; and at this point in time the Samsung Convoy 2 has a trade-in value of $0, but, in my own case, it serves the purpose for which I originally bought it: Talking to people on the phone, and sending text messages (and an occasional picture or video message); and, there's something to be said for a device that, my own experience, has proven to be both durable and reliable.I can send a message to a maximum of twenty phone numbers, and / or email addresses at one time, which I could not do with my iPhone 4S. I can save drafts if I need to wait until another time to finish a message, which wasn't an option with the iPhone 4S. With the iPhone 4S, I had to compose and send one message before I could send another one, or I had to cancel sending one message if I wanted to send a separate message, because I knew of no options for saving drafts on it.I don't know how long my SCH-U660 will be viable for use as my mobile phone (i.e, I don't know if or when Verizon will exclude my phone from their network due to the age of the device), but there's a good chance I will stick with this phone as long as it is not excluded from the network. My contract with them ended on May 21st of this year, and I initially thought I wanted to switch over to Metro PCS; but the phone I ordered came with a SIM Card that I never managed to install, and though I could have taken it to a Metro PCS dealer and gotten help with it, having difficulty getting started, may very well have been a blessing, because it served to make me stop and think about whether I really wanted to have a smartphone ( and more specifically, whether I wanted Google to track everything); and the verdict is that I'm sending the smartphone back and getting a refund.I've also come to appreciate having a phone for which there's no chance that bio-metric information will ever be used as a "security feature"; which seems to me like an attempt to further invade privacy, and I wouldn't put it past the powers that be, to conspire with tech-manufacturers to track the precise location of every human being and domesticated animal, under the pretense of "security".For me, my SAMSUNG Convoy 2 was, and still is the best phone I've ever had, and though I know writing this last part may keep this edition of my review from ever going public, I literally thank the good Lord for opening the door for me to have it, and to use it as my current mobile phone.
Great phone. Husband needed one like his old one that was durable and didn't cost us a fortunate!
Good basic phone.
like very much
Bought for my clumsy son who has dropped it several times. Still holding up great
Worked great
Purchased for my husband...
Very nice. Tough.
A delay in the ringing of the phone, but works great with my dad's hearing aide's blue tooth.
Got phone for father birthday because of his free cheap flip phone is going out. Phone arrived early on the delivering time frame and phone was in orginal box. Phone came in brand new condition and had protective cover on outside screen still. I gave it a five star because review the phone is now fully charged and only needs actived.
Great sound across the spectrum. Clear at high and low volume
Second phone purchased from this seller for my son. He has had it for quite a while now & has had NO problems with it.
This is a nice phone but it won't work with verizon pre paid plans. The phone is in great shape but I can't use it. Good phone.
worked right out of the box, no problems
great job samsung
Great basic phone.
Just what I wanted
Great used phones.
I'm getting deaf. It is apparently designed to be audible above the noise of heavy machinery and ruggedly-built. It works!
Just what I wanted.. If I did not have to delete contacts, I would have thought it was brand new.
Great
Good condition, works great
it did everything my old one did and that is what i wanted. I didn't want a phone that was smarter than I was and I needed to have a phone that was reliable. This is it.
The phone works just that these phones keep messing up after awhile The buttons are so close I keep hitting other buttons instead. It's something to get use to.The range is wonderful, I live where it's hard to get out & this one is great never have any problems with that.
yes I like my Convoy. A few more surface blemishes than I had hoped for but very functional. I think it will serve me well.
The original Convoy served me well. As I dropped it a few times, I realized it really is not a rugged phone like the old Boulder I still have for a backup. Liking the better camera I checked w/ Verizon and the price was too high for the Convoy 2, which led me going through Amazon listings. I was surprised to get one that looked and operated like new. Delivery was swift-and well protected.
I'm still getting used to it. I was previously T-Mobile and the phone is quite different. I like that I can block certain phone numbers from calling.
Great basic phone that can still be purchased w/o having to add a data conract. Tough phone as it's been dropped several times and shows no physical damage and phone still works. Nice size, fits easily in hand and pocket. On speaker and normal use when volume is turned up to max the sound may loose some clarity but I'm sure that one may be related to other background noise and user voice. I'd buy this phone again. Actually I did, this was a replacement for same phone that went thru the washing machine.
This phone has everything a person needs to get by.. The person my kids bought it for has about as much money as BILL GATES but is a tight wadd. He had busted his phone and was trying to get buy instead of buying a new one he had purchase about 3 different used ones that all took a poop onl him. My kids put there money together to buy him this one and the day before we recieved this one, The guy comes from town with a brand new phone.....
I bought a used Convoy 2, and am thrilled beyond words. it looks better then advertized and functions perfectly. I wouldn't hesitate buying another product from this Company !
bought this for my boyfriend and he is very happy with it.
It was better than I thought it would be. It arrived when it was supposed to. The price was a good price but the express shipping was alittle more than I liked, but the price was so cheap that it didn't actually matter that the shipping was high.
Just got the phone up and running. Everything is perfect so far. 5 stars for expection of this phone for appearence compared to description as written by seller. On time delivery and all items in box as described as well. Will update if any problems occur.
I bought this phone for my uncle. His only complaint was that it is hard to press the arrow and select buttons without hitting other buttons.
Good
It is perfectly functional, has good audio clarity and volume, good battery life with about three days per charge.
Had a phone just like this previously and when it died Verizon .had none like its available so my husband was very pleased to find this one which was just like his old one. Great phone and very rugged which is what he needs in .his line of work.
The phone was like new, and came with battery and a new charger. Verizon did the transfer of the old phone files and settings to the new one, for free.
My 2nd convoy 2. Love it!
Works very good, this is my second one...
Strong and lasting
this is just like my last phone and exactly what I wanted
strong phone
works great
Husband very happy with this new flip phone, HATED his "smart" phone!
This is the only phone, i will use, it is durable and thats what i need...
My husband is rough on these - it is lasting very well
the recipient was thrilled with it.
Awesome!
Nothing fancy but exactly what I paid for so I like it. Got it on time as well.
Phone works like a charm. Deliever was insanely quick. This company's customer service is 100% satisfaction. I am extremely satisfied.
I glad i can replace my sons broken phones with used one, that are in good working order. He has a real problem with working in construction to keep them from getting damaged.
Best flip-phone I ever owned. Nothing fancy but very functional and built like a brick house. Has all the features I will ever need and then some... great for taking calls outdoors. Keeps the noise down in the wind and I can read messages in bright sunlight. It has large screens for excellent visual effects and a good clear speaker for listening over background noise.
I am very pleased with this phone. My vehicle has sync and this phone is one of the few that is totally compatible with my ride. Awesome!
My fiance wanted something simple and easy to use. This phone has proven to be the perfect one for him he likes it.
Its just a phone have not had it long enough to make too many judgements. Needed blue tooth for my hearing that was good, still as simple as I like it, I don't like a lot of bells and whistles
purchased this phone for my son - its a little bit bigger than a regular flip phonebut it is very durable and has great battery life, has some nice features and also a flashlight.great phone for a guy who just wants a rugged phone, and is not into iphones ...very much a manly phone.
It was everything I expected. It works very well it conneted to my service right away,and it does a gould job.
The phone has a memory card capability to it and it uses the same charger as most current phone and even the Kindle. Some models I have been told comes with either the camera or not.
I lost my last phone by having it slip out of my pocket and into the 2" of water I was trying to pump out of my parents home after heavy rains. That was the last straw after dropping the phone many times before. This seems sturdy and it is simple. I am not a complicated gadget person. I like to make calls, have the ability to take a photo and have a variety of fun yet simple ring tones. This phone does that. There seems to be a little bit of a delay after I press buttons- I would like it to be a bit quicker, but a fair trade for something that will take my clumsiness.
My old Alltell phone finally broke, but i'm not quite ready for a smartphone. But, I didn't want to use my free upgrade from Verizon on a flip phone, so I bought this used one. It was in great condition as described, no problem getting it activated, and arrived promptly. I'm all set now. In fact, i'm going back to buy a Casio flip for my husband - thanks!
Delivery was speedy. Phone was the same model I was replacing (due to my carelessness) and, while not as nice as my new one, is acceptable for the price. Just has some dings & scratches. Works fine so far.
Nice little phone if all you need is a basic phone. Sound quality is good when receiving and making phone calls.
Working great. Just need a dust proof/moisture proof case now.
Product came as described. Will buy again from company in the future.
We have a company with 40+employees that use the phones strictly for PTT, are used 24/7 and are heavy users of the chargers. And with employees there is always loss or damage, so the price on these can not be beat. We get many years out of them and have reordered batteries. We do order at least 4 new or refurbed phones a year. . Thank you!
these things take a beating and work
This was a purchase for my 87 yr old father. And as far as I know now, it has been a great purchase.
does everything I need it to do
Good replacements still working just fine.
Yes just what Dad needed! Thank you!
It's certainly one of the toughest, and best flip-top cell phones available today. I really like it, and would recommend it to anyone who was fed-up with an insipid, personally invasive, computer-cell phone. If you do not need a "smart-ass, phone," and want to save nearly $600.00 per year by returning to a non-data cell phone plan, then THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOU BUSTER! Good Equipment! Thanks Amazon. Johan
love this phone
Bought for my husband and he was like a kid with a new toy. Great Christmas present.
I LOVE IT. 5 stars
Talkie
Works great
Thanks.
Arrived fast! Works great.
Item just as described, fast delivery and works great!
I f**king love how simple and quality built this phone is. I'll never own a smart phone so long as I live and there are still these tough relics floating around out there. Thanks so much!!!
It is a little different from the one he had but seems to be working fine. thank you.
Awesome
Great little flip phone, was just what I needed
I had the first generation of this phone and i have not been dissapointed yet very tough and clear speaker phone .
Product arrived in perfect condition. I have not activated it yet, because I am still dealing with the Verizon Corporate Store morons that can't seem to accept the fact they sold me an inferior product in the Convoy 3. I am having problems with dropped calls, battery life, microphone transmissions and this was out of the box problems. I have charged my Convoy 2 once since arrival two weeks ago and I still have 4 bars of battery life. My tower connectivity in my own home has 3 bars and is better than the Convoy 3 at any location. Good-bye Verizon Corporate Stores.
This was a replacement for my old Convoy 2. I was so happy with the old one that I just wanted to replace it with another one. This one has a very strong battery which holds a charge for a very long time. The seller provided quick service, and I am very satisfied with this purchase and the price I paid.
the phone itself is easy to hold, buttons are well located. Have not used it yet have to change the phones interior with another phone
well pleased thanks
Love it , the battery life lasts longer than my smart phone. A good little second phone to own and use
My other convoy broke 2 months before my upgrade. I bought this phone used, through Amazon and it came faster than they said it would. The condition of the new, used phone was better than I expected.
"I purchased this item & got it pretty quickly & have had it since Nov 4th. It has been a very good phone & was just like the one I lost so I was familiar as to how it works. It was as described w/some scratches but it's functionality has been superb. I'm very happy w/the purchase & would buy from this seller again!!!"
The phone was exactly as advertised. Shipping was fast, it was easy to activate and my wife is very happy. It replaces the one she took swimming.
this phone is easy to use, compact and very affordable. Both me and my wife have this phone and are really happy with it.
Works as well as the original I bought and dropped in water. A new one would have been too much to pay for again
Great phone. Large buttons and easy to use. Recommend it to anyone who needs a rugged easy to use basic phone
I like it. I had a convoy before and liked it enough to get the 2 version...Very pleased.Thanks,Ann Runions
Husband loves his reconditioned phone and the price is right especially when he goes through cell phones like nobody's business
I don't know if I was supposed to receive a new phone?I did not receive a new phone. It was an use phone. It didn't even come in a Verizon box. No book no information on the phone.
This is perfect for anyone who is hard on phones. My husband has now owned two of these; it holds up very well to being dropped on a variety of surfaces, exposed to extreme heat and cold, and offers everything he needs without the unnecessary frills of a smart phone.
Its a good phone.
It's ok,but doesn't have instructions
I bought this for my husband buy the company didn't want to activate it in my area. The phone worked great however I couldn't use it. I'm giving it five stars because the phone was so wonderful and the gadgets were interesting and the company that sold it allowed me to return with no problems.
nice durable basic phone
works great just as seller said
this phone was awsom and as soon I opened it up I was connected to verison.Just like my old one that I take a lot of crap over keeping.
A+
bought for my elderly mother she likes it
Works great and looks great!
Works well.
Great phone and a Great price!
Perfect replacement phone for the one that my Mother-in-law dropped into a toilet - not 100% waterproof! I purchased a refurbished unit for a very inexpensive price & it works great.
I love the phone thinking about buying a couple of more
Strong and lasting
great condition just as advertised 1
just what he wanted.
great durable flip phone.
Excellent!!!
My wife's 5th phone! Cheap and functional...all that is required!
If you're anti-Smartphone like me, this is the phone you want. If you need a phone that isn't as fragile as a Smartphone, this is the phone you want. I've dropped it several times, even in the middle of a call, and it just keeps on ticking. The call clarity must be better than Smartphones, too. A local radio station was talking about famous people who still carried flip phones so, as one of the last flip phone aficionados that I know of, I had to call in to speak up for "flippers" everywhere. They even commented on how clear my voice sounded compared to other callers. One of the biggest pluses for these phones is that you're not constantly looking for a charger - with moderate usage, I typically charge the phone twice a week. Another plus is that the Convoy has a microSD slot. I've currently got a 32 gigabyte card in it with over 300 albums and hundreds of pictures on it.
Nice little phone if all you need is a basic phone. Sound quality is good when receiving and making phone calls.
This phone served it's purpose, though it could not withstand the abuse from a toddler. It worked even when it was crumbling apart, so that's saying something.
Good phone, well built
Great
Looks good. Had trouble getting it activated-lots of issues. Finally got phone going and it is pretty good
I've ordered more of these phones and they are great. All in very good conditions, just minor scratches and no cracks on the screens.
A little fat and heavy, but a good solid phone.
Great phone. Almost Indestrucitble!
I would have given a 5 star rating, but the battery already died
bought this for my boyfriend and he is very happy with it.
Arrived as described and on time. Great phone and great seller.
Phone has good range. Was not new as advertised on web site, but is in good shape.
good
My last one of these went through the laundry and died. I opened it up and left it sitting on my furnace. By the time this new one came, my old one worked again and hasn't stopped yet. Will keep this in reserve, since all I need is a great phone, nothing else. This fits the bill and never loses the signal.
Great phone and shipped fast.
Works perfectly
I love the flip phone, now and forever!!
It is a replacement for my Convoy U640. I am very happy with the basic phone.
Just what I wanted, everything is Hunky Dory Thank you
Very nice. Tough.
A delay in the ringing of the phone, but works great with my dad's hearing aide's blue tooth.
Got phone for father birthday because of his free cheap flip phone is going out. Phone arrived early on the delivering time frame and phone was in orginal box. Phone came in brand new condition and had protective cover on outside screen still. I gave it a five star because review the phone is now fully charged and only needs actived.
Great sound across the spectrum. Clear at high and low volume
Second phone purchased from this seller for my son. He has had it for quite a while now & has had NO problems with it.
This is a nice phone but it won't work with verizon pre paid plans. The phone is in great shape but I can't use it. Good phone.
worked right out of the box, no problems
great job samsung
What's not to like I can drop in a puddle and still make phone calls.
Works like a new one and very affordable!
Great phone. Husband needed one like his old one that was durable and didn't cost us a fortunate!
Good basic phone.
like very much
Worked great
A great phone, phone came with minor ware as discripted, but no problems other than freezing twice. the seller was very honest with his listing
The phone works excellent. It has a few flaws on the cover, but I can live with that. It holds a charge forever which is what I wanted.
Just what I needed, like new!
everything was great. including delivery. Thank you so much!
Really great customer service. Will use again and product as described.
It was practically brand new and in perfect condition. I had one previously and could not get it at a store locally.
great
Compare the specs of the "new" Convoy 3 with the Convoy 2. You will see that these days new means less -- less talk time, battery time, etc. The Convoy 2 has everything anyone would want in a flip phone. Why buy a dumbed down copy of it?
This is my second Samsung convoy 2. The only problem I have so far is that I wasn't able to pair my Bluetooth headphones with my new convoy 2. I had to use my older convoy 2 which has no problem paring up with all my Bluetooth devices. Any clue why my new phone won't recognize my head phones?
Excellent
The phone came quickly and was as advertised. It is an older model with internet access, but it is NOT a smartphone. I got it for my mother who doesn't adjust to well to new technology. It is a good match for her.
Was very nice. Works great and received it in a very timely manner. Thanks Amazon for another great deal!!!
Was great but died got it wet,,
Perfect!!! And the price was right!!!
Phone was in good condition and worked as advertised
very rugged and cheap by now.
Excellent phone for rugged work I do some times
Same as the old one.
its great. well-made phone.takes good pictures.
I was pleased with my order it was just what I ordered. My dad was super excited about his phone. I had promised him one bc he doesn't like the touch screen smart phones, glad I was able to find what he wanted. Thanks
My Stepdad needed a flip phone that was rugged. Perfect choice.
A great phone, phone came with minor ware as discripted, but no problems other than freezing twice. the seller was very honest with his listing
The phone works excellent. It has a few flaws on the cover, but I can live with that. It holds a charge forever which is what I wanted.
Just what I needed, like new!
everything was great. including delivery. Thank you so much!
Really great customer service. Will use again and product as described.
It was practically brand new and in perfect condition. I had one previously and could not get it at a store locally.
Thank You
Replacement for my dad's phone (he's very low tech-LOL) and it works great and was a great price. I love Amazon!
The phone came sooner than expected and was brand new as advertised.The price was 2/3 less than purchasing it from Verizon and did not require any contract.I would recommend purchasing new or used phones from Amazon rather than replacing your phone through Verizon or any authorized retailer.
as advertised
This phone still had the contacts, text messages, and pictures. It wasn't anything to delete them, one would just expect that stuff to be done. Phones good.
as advertised
This phone still had the contacts, text messages, and pictures. It wasn't anything to delete them, one would just expect that stuff to be done. Phones good.
It has been really great this cellphone, I've always liked Samsung and this one is really good
Nice phone.
This is exactly what we were looking for. My boyfriend isn't super technologically save, but he needed something he could conduct business with. The phone allows him to respond to emails and process credit cards. Great deal!
Great product for the price... I like my Verizon note 3 wayyyy more though
I bought this phone for my mother. She's just now getting into smart phones and tablets. She caught onto everything fairly quickly. She hasn't had any issues with it's performance. So, yeah, just a good, solid phone to welcome a parent into the smart technology era.
great phone for an 9 year little girl
great phone, brand new in a box
The phone was claimed to be unlocked when I bought it. Truth is, it wasn't unlock and I found myself in another country without a phone for 5 days. I had to spend extra money to unlock the phone. As a customer, I felt misled by Amazon!
It has been really great this cellphone, I've always liked Samsung and this one is really good
Nice phone.
It's unlocked!!!!!!! Very Functional.Samsung Core Prime Unlocked SM-G360Z 4G LTE GSM 8GB 5MP Flash Quad Core Desbloqueado
A very good decision! Nice phone, fast, excellent battery life. I purchased for use with Lycamobile international service which requires a phone to be both GSM and unlocked . Works flawlessly. Would definitely purchase again.
It's unlocked!!!!!!! Very Functional.Samsung Core Prime Unlocked SM-G360Z 4G LTE GSM 8GB 5MP Flash Quad Core Desbloqueado
A very good decision! Nice phone, fast, excellent battery life. I purchased for use with Lycamobile international service which requires a phone to be both GSM and unlocked . Works flawlessly. Would definitely purchase again.
thanks
great deal
I received this phone rather quickly and it's condition was like new. I ordered it as a refurbished phone until I get the phone I really want. I recommend this to anyone!!
I like the phone and all the features available on it i guess my only complaint is that e-mails are hard to read because the writing is small but having said that i am an old fart thatb uses reading glasses.
this phone is good for me, affordable good for the price.I love it, I plan to buy one more for my son, thank you very much.
Easy to use & download apps. Samsung has never let me down, I have had several of their phones & have loved all of them.
I have been very happy with this phone. I've only had it for a week or two so I still have a lot to learn. But each time I learn something new I just like the phone more.
i got it for my grand son who is 13. he loves it. his only regret is he could put his singnature at end of tetx'
Awesome phones. Beats what I paid for mine at the store.My girls loved them. They arrived on time and in their original sealed packages.It came with little extras we weren't expecting. Definately reccommend this product and company.
I am 65 years old and I have always had a flip phone. My grandchildren 11 & 13 all have those smart phones. The other day I had some trouble with my flip phone and there are very few new ones you can buy so I went to my carrier and what prices on these phones with contracts to boot. I was going through Amazon and I see this phone. There is a video on line for this phone so I watched it. If you can read a picture you can do this phone. When I received it I put the sim card in and set it up myself. I practiced a little with it and now I am getting really good. I even hooked up my blue tooth for the road and figured out the speaker. I am so impressed with myself. The instruction book even has pictures (Yea)! I think the visual is pretty good because I don't have to put on my glasses. However I have fat fingers and the alpha part is tiny, but I don't really text. A stylus would help. I would recommend it to anyone who is afraid of the smart phones. All the accessories can be purchased online for under $5.00 each. I feel this was a really good value and I didn't have to commit to a new contract.
It is an uncomplicated cell phone that will fit in a pocket very nicely. I love the simplicity and it meets my daily cell phone requirments.
I love everything about this phone! It works great, the flip open keyboard is a wonderful feature. Works like a charm wouldn't trade it for any other phone!!! Delivery was very fast too! All over I had a great experience with this phone and the seller!!!
I love this phone, it is the second one that I have bought. I can not stand the thought of not being able to type anymore when I want to text. Thank you so much.
The Samsung DoubleTime I857 that I purchase from PMG distributor was more that expected.When I check this phone for its specifications it didn't say it got WIFI available, so that was really good.This seller send me a brand new phone, as expected.You need yo use a code to use it as you want, so be aware of it. You'll find it in the box. I did not knew that but after contacting the seller, they answer quickly to my issue, and gave me that code again so I could start use the ing it tight away.Also I arrived in time, as expected too.I recommend both, the phone and the seller!
this was great it worked fine and the code was easy to put in love it ty will recommend to friends
para las personas que necesitan un celular y que el mismo sea funcional para sus exigencias personales... este es lo que necesitas
I just got this phone.I look at a lot of phones and decided on this one.I so love it. I dont have a data package bc I didntwant to spend the extra money but the good thing aboutthis phone is it has WIFI and I can get on the internet without a data plan.. Yay...I love the keyboard also bc I Texted all the time.I am so happy with my purchase.
I Love this phone and all the features, haven't found a problem with any of it and I have foind several extra accessories!
Great phone!!! Awesome touch screen it includes an sd slot which is great for when I download all the music I haveThere are no cons to this phone;works perfectly!I suggest if ur giving this to a teen buy a case and screen protectors. The phone is heavier but it's not really a problem it has a stylish look more for a girl than a guyIt has 2 touch screens which is great and this phone is perfect for those ppl who don't have enough patience when it comes to virtual keyboards and if u like the virtual keyboard this has one 2. It is froyo which is a bit behind but there isn't much of a difference in speed and how the phone works. All in all great for anyone starting smart phones. I love it!!!!!!!!
This is a very good entry level cell phone. The touch screen works good and the internal memory is enough to have the apps that I need. The size is fine and works in 3G with my operator.
great for the price touch screen very sensitive but love the key pad letter are larger than my old phone
I'm really satisfy with the product, it's a very good technology... I love it... I really liked... Excellent service, good
I chose four stars for this product because its an amazing phone. All the apps and buttons work properly it came with all of the proper accessories ( battery and phone back) , The phone came practically knew minus a few scratches, I highly recommend it.
I LOVE this phone. I was worried because of all the negative things I was reading about it but I decided to try it anyway and I'm very very happy I did. I don't have one negative thing to say about this phone. It's better than what I was expecting.
amazon safe as alwaysthe only bad thing about this phone is the memory but the rest is finedont forget to get some extra memory
Works fine:)Unlocked I used a sim card.Wi fi is OK.Volume is OK.Internet working fine.I did not find any problem.buy it
I like this phone - very durable
No bad phone
EXCELLENT
item was as described
Bought this for my niece 2 years ago. She loved it. She was 12 years old at the time and somehow she managed it to drop it like 50 times. the 50th time it broke. So don't drop it more than 49 times and your good.
me fascina
EXCELENTE
Love this phone. I hate touch screens! So glad to have an actual keyboard again. The Elevate is small and easy to navigate has everything I need without alot of useless extras. Keyboard is easy to type on and just big enough. Not the best ringtones but I love it. If it dies I'll get another :) but I hope it stands up well to my abuse
MY smartphone battery died and I await A backup until the battery ,.IT serves it"s purpose quiet well.AT times I enjoy going back in time,what is old is new again.
The Samsung Elevate is simple to use. It is compatible with my T Mobile plan. It is smaller than I expected, but perfect.
Easy, simple to use phone. No problems at all! I only talk and text, but I believe you can access the internet. I would buy it again.
I already had this as my personal cell, but bought another for my second. It is a great phone. But if you drop it the whole thing comes apart including the battery. And the picture snaps -not great quality but I have down loaded many from my phone card.
Love this phone
easy phone to use and it does all I expected it to do.
This is a great phone, It is actually the third one I have had. When this one goes, I will get another. the slide feature works great for me.
Battery lasts 2-4 days, texting couldn't be faster, starts up fast, never freezes, cheaply priced phone, etc. I have only great things to say about this phone.
this phone is in a really good condition!!
No problem
Out of not smart phones this I find the best one.
Takes a bit of time to get use too, but for the price its a good buy. Would by again as a temporary phone.
It was exactly what I wanted.
took a little time to figure out,but my husband likes it.
love this phone for my husband
cant buy from at&t
Replacement for my son l. Loves it. Quick ship
Not a fancy phone but it works well.
Easy to use and does just what I need. A basic phone that's easy to text with.
This phone is ok. Needed a texting phone for work and did not want the $$ for smart phone. Nice size and weight. Good reception. Good battery life. Little concern that with heavy use the qwerty board won't hold out. After a month, it is feeling a little loose. Has volume rocker and speaker phone which are good for on the job. Camera not so good but gets the image clear enough and to the other person. Don't like that it is three steps to unlock/use the phone each time as it feels like busy work. I don't need to 'look' busy. I do like that I can preview short messages quickly without going into the message. I don't use the other options/gadgets/bells and whistles so can't comment on those -- its a work phone not a cool toy. It was an excellent price -- if it can hold out for a year. I call it my Baby Neeson (after Liam Neeson) -- let's hope it is as tough ;)
Perfect for those like myself who have a hard time with touch screens
I tried out this phone as an extra cell phone & it works great & the keyboard is has a really nice feel to it. It is great if you just want a basic phone for calling and texting!
If what you want from a phone is a basic "feature" phone (i.e., not smart), and you want a qwerty keyboard to do your texting on, this is a great phone. It's not much more than what I described, but it is certainly not less than what I described. I had one of these for about two years and loved it. Then I got one for my mom when her phone broke, and she loved it. Again, it's not a smartphone, which may be a feature for you. This phone worked right away when I put the SIM card in from my mom's old phone. If you don't have a SIM card in your current phone, though, this phone will not work for you. You'll need to change providers.
Good phone
Brand new in original packaging. Customer service is stellar. I will definitely be back!
I loved this kind of phone, but it was okay...just enough to tie me over until my upgrade.
Still usin it! Good seller. Decent phone for price.
The phones I got are in very good condition. 5 stars
I had one just like it before and liked it. When I got this one, it is even better.
I bought it used and it was in excellent condition works well charges with no prolem the only problem is that the android operating system is WAY!!!!! Outdated it runs android 2.2 froyo and some start at 2.1 Eclair which means alot of new apps and some bluetooth devices won't work unless somehow you can upgrade to something later.
Great condition. I only returned it because I found a different phone.
Like the large screen and the various applications. Also, it's thin. Need to get used to typing messages or entering contacts.
I was expecting that the phone would come with a micro sd card the way my first one did from verizon. Seller should indicate that it is not included. I would have purchased one at same time.
This is a wonderful phone. I tried several phones before getting this phone and I am glad we found each other. I wanted a phone that would work well with PP providers and yet give me all the features PP prepaid offered and this phone "Fascinates" me, it did it. I can now enjoy my prepaid rate on this phone. The pictures are so clear you wouldn't believe.
Great phone. Loved the graphics. We live too remote to get a signal with the carrier we bought it for. We had to return it and the seller was great! No hassles! Would definitely buy from them again.
the phone was okay, but the quality of the calls and the phone itself was...not satisfying. I don't know if it is all the samsung fascinate or just this one.
The phone is great. HUGE Screen, easy to use. I bought it for my wife whose phone was lost. I like it better than my stupid iphone 4S.
Lost my iPhone and needed a phone that wasn't pre-historic! This phone was fabulous! Gave me an intro into the droids, and honestly, I do miss it. All of the customizations and password locked messages, etc. Any how, the phone arrived in great shape. Battery was good. New cord. I was happy with my purchase and will purchase from again if I'm ever in need of a quick affordable phone.
The phone was just how they describe. I love it ans I will be doing more business with them....my only problem is I can't find a case to carry my phone in..other than that its a good phone.
It was a Christmas gift and so far the people I brought it far really like the phone. They love.
when i ordered this i never expected it to be it such a perfect shape and the time it took to come in was wonderful, i am soo pleased with this company and to learn that it is family owned makes it even better.. would tell everyone to order something from them so happy with everything about this company and service thank you
I had an iphone before this and then it broke i read other reviews saying its proceesor is very close to one. So i bought the galaxy fascinate and i love it! Its a really great phone and truly worth the money the processor is fast and hardly freezes or crashes. Battery life is also a big plus its last me all day and barely goes down when using my phone for internet,music or games and etc. Would recomend to anyone who is looking for a good and realible phone that is not six hundred dollars!
This phone is pretty good. I bought used off of Amazon. It works properly and everything was updated very easily. The screen is nice and the battery life and signal is better than my Droid Charge, that broke. Of course, it is a little dated, there is no 4G either or a front facing camera, but I am pretty happy with it.
I needed a replacement phone do to those problems that happen in Life. I had never had a smartphone before. The Facinate by Samsung allowed me to learn and use the phone quickly. Its a great product!!!!
I previously owned a phone like this but lost it, so i decided to buy another one. This phone is the same, good beginner android phone. It came with the software to root it, but i didnt do that. I haven't had any issues with it, other than sometimes when i hit the back key a few too many times, bing pops up with the word "fresh" being looked up, i'm not sure why lol. Bing sucks. Phone comes with a few useless aps but once you download the ones you want, you forget about those. If you're using too many aps, it can freeze but i'm a patient person. Overall, i love the phone even if it is a few years old. I feel like it can still compete with a lot of phones out now. It's small and sleek, but the screen is a good size and the visuals are good too. :)
I love the phone. It's in great condition and it works properly.the display is awesome and i love its features. I honestly dont have any complaints. I got the phone way earlier than expected so that was a plus. I reccomend this product to other consumers. It's worth every dime and the price was great considering that the phone looked brand new.
well the packaging was great, the 1 day service was wonderful, and the samsung fascinate is just hum im out of words. my husband likes it more than i. i told him you better get your own. mine not for sale. 5 stars yall.
Works and looked just like seller said
Samsung phone lover! The screen is beautiful and the phone works great, I know its not a 4G device but it suits my needs.
The item was in good shape, I will definitely purchase more. Item was advertised correctly. I'm very pleased with the item.
This phone works really good.thankyou so much.I'm glad I got the phone.it works great and fast ty ty ty ty
Phone works good with my carrier.... Does what I need it to and has good apps availible. Overall good phone.
Item as listed. Great phone. Just remember to update your roaming capabilities, if you're on Page Plus. Dial *228 and select option 2.
The best thing about this phone is that it didn't come with a thousand Apps that I couldn't remove although it did come with some. At least I am now able to install ALL the apps I need and want. One disappointment was that this version of Android isn't compatible with the Chrome Browser :(The camera actually takes awesome pictures plus it has a FLASH and it ZOOMS!!!It didn't come with a cable to synch media with my computer which was disappointing also but I was able to buy one at Walmart.Phone call quality is good. I noticed that with the No Contract there are places that I no longer get reception that I did when I had I Contract but that is Verizon's fault.
The phone was delivered fast and was in great shape give or take a few scratches. It works perfectly. I'm happy with the purchase and the price!
I love Samsung phones. This was is compact and easy to keep up with. Does it all. You can even download the apps you want.
the phone is great except it started not working good after a few weeks. now cant send or get pictures thru texting. a few other things were not working right . was offered a refund or exchange but was not able to return in time. should be able to return anytime if something is wrong.
I love love loved the phone!Ordered phone receive it after two day. phone works great. Best phone i bought so far highly recommend this phone to everyone
It came in a bubble wrap lined envelope which was kind of odd since its a phone, i expected it to come in a box. Then the corners were beat up as if the product had been dropped, but it was a used product and thats to be expected. The battery is a little shaby and not to great but overall for 80 bucks it was a pretty good deal.
i like this phone 100% but i didnt give it a 5 star rating because it freezes at times but not a lot. other than that i love this phone.
I like the phone and recamend to any one and easy to use , I have had this phone before but again
well. my hubby is a business man and he had an old phone that looked much like a toy.. it wasn't time to upgrade but i thought he needed to look more professional.. and so i found this phone on amazon. my daughter had had one and loved it.. so i ordered it... i got it so quickly! and the price was reasonable.. he loves it.. wooo whooo
I love this phone, it's comperable to my Driod X, has decent battery life, a nice screen, is easy to talk on and surf the web, plus facebook and other apps. My bf has the Glaxay SIII and this phone is very simialr in style and jsut has a few less bells nad whisles.
This is a good responsive cell phone. I've had no trouble with it at all. It's loaded with a lot of unnecessary apps you may never use, but that doesn't affect it's functionality. Good buy!
you can't describe the phone in 16 words but I would buy it again in a heart beat. takes great pictures. price is right
This is my first smart phone so maybe my review does not mean much. I did do research for a while before making the purchase though and the reviews on this phones abilities were great with the only drawback being the battery life. After having the phone for about two weeks, I have been very impressed with what can be done with it and have found myself using the phone more than my personal computer. The camera on the phone takes great pictures and is one of the reasons I went with this phone. As far as the battery life, with heavy use I have had to recharge the phone after only 3-4 hrs and that is with the brightness set all the way down and only a few apps running. With minimal use the phone can make it through the day. There is an extended battery that samsung makes which I have ordered that promises double the use time but this battery is twice as thick and with the special back cover sold with it, you lose the thin profile that many people like. In short, I recomend the phone as it is easy to use and the camera abilities are great but don't pay more than $100 for cause if you are willing to spend more money than get the Galaxy III which I plan on upgrading to when my contract with verizon is up.
Samsung Fascinate No Contract Cell Phone 3G Andriod Prepaid Phone. This is a great phone with excellent features. I brought the phone on Amazon .Com used . It was like new the phone was so reasonable price I brought two one for myself and one for my 12 year old daughter.This is our first smartphone. We absolutely love this phone. We honestly don't have any complaints. This phone is two years old its like new and works excellent and loaded with features,Easy to use, Awesome Amoled Screen ,Picture Quality is amazing, Sound on this thing is outrageous . There are thousands of apps for this phone. All and all for a two year old phone it is a great product at a really cheap price. It suits our needs just fine. We love,love,love this phone. Will upgrade to next Galaxy S Series in the future.I would highly recommend this product to someone looking for starter smartphone.
not a bad value .. however , it is slow and often freezes , needs to be rebooted more than the phones i have had previously
I use this item all the time. It is very sturdy and works well with my Iphone. I would definately recommed it.
i was looking everywhere for this particular phone, NO ONE had them anywhere, i found a used one for $199, then this showed up on amazon for $60 cheaper and its brand new, ya can't beat that!
This phone is the best phone I have had by far. I bought this phone in the beginning because my son had one and I played with his and loved it. I had looked at phones for a long time to find one that I liked. I love everything about this phone. I bought this phone from WalMart in the beginning but I dropped in WalMart and the screen busted and it was useless. Then I ordered this one to replace it. It works great and have had not problems with it so far. I am well satisfied with it Just in case this one fails I bought another one to keep to replace it as backup. All have to do it get it activated.
I purchased this phone for my teenage daughter and she likes it fairly well. She said it moves a little slow though and that may be because it is a 3G device. When I received the phone, it had some blemishes on the back of it but the seller promptly gave me an incentive for the phone being damaged. I would recommend this seller to any one.
Love the phone but would have liked it better if a manual was included.The box was not a Verizon OEM box.
Like the large screen and the various applications. Also, it's thin. Need to get used to typing messages or entering contacts.
I was expecting that the phone would come with a micro sd card the way my first one did from verizon. Seller should indicate that it is not included. I would have purchased one at same time.
This is a wonderful phone. I tried several phones before getting this phone and I am glad we found each other. I wanted a phone that would work well with PP providers and yet give me all the features PP prepaid offered and this phone "Fascinates" me, it did it. I can now enjoy my prepaid rate on this phone. The pictures are so clear you wouldn't believe.
Great phone. Loved the graphics. We live too remote to get a signal with the carrier we bought it for. We had to return it and the seller was great! No hassles! Would definitely buy from them again.
the phone was okay, but the quality of the calls and the phone itself was...not satisfying. I don't know if it is all the samsung fascinate or just this one.
best phone Samsung ever made had a prob with the phone however the seller does what he says! I would buy from this guy again
Phone is perfect.Arrived in well designed box (as shown) with USB, phone, and battery.Charged the battery and currently using as my Verizon no-contract phone.Given the price of the phone, I will be able to buy a phone every year and still save $100'scompared to buying new. Worthy of note, phone covers and SD cards for this are inexpensive.Will do business again.
It did not work as well as I would have liked, but the seller has contacted me and offered to make things satisfactory for me. I trust he will follow through on his word.
Firstly, this shipped much quicker than expected, I received it in 3 days when I was expecting it in 8 or more. I have a galaxy s7 edge, and after a little research found out that all galaxy s7 are equipped qi enabled. I use a slim clear silicone case and the charger is compatible to still work with that on.When the phone is on the charger, it's actually ergonomically positioned and shaped perfectly for me to still be able to type very comfortably and still use the phone.This charger meets all my expectations, I'm very pleased. The charger does not come with a cable, but it's the same cable as works for the phone.
Works great unless you are using an Otterbox Defender case... Will not charge in the case.
Works well, even with my case on.
Better than expected
This works great with my new Galaxy S7 Edge. Charges nicely even in installed in an Otterbox case.
Works well, looks nice.... easy to just set my phone down and get a charge. Supports fast-charge also which is awesome.
This was definitely worth the money charges my samsung phone note 5 quick love love it.
Love it!
Samsung Fast Charge Qi...works pretty good with the S7 Edge. But on the S6, it has to align just right for it to work! Over all, it's a great product, would recommend it!
Charges marginally well. I just leave the phone on the charger overnight and sometimes it charges fully, and others it's high 80's and 90's for battery life. I can't think of why it's hit-and miss. But overall does the job I bought it for. I really enjoy the angle of the charger as it makes for a great "alarm clock" type set up.
Excellent
Don't buy the cheap knock offs that will either never work or be broken in a month. This charges my phone quickly and is a handy way to store my phone on my desk. Recommended.
Yes meet expectations works very well
Works great, even with thick case!
Love it...works perfectly
Works great.
Absolutely love it! the connections fail after time! Not this
I love how it charges by just be on the stand, from John Bradford
Does exactly what it is supposed to do, and I love the light up edges.
Love the ease of just setting my phone on it and how quickly my phone charges.
Love this charger, works great.
Was dissapointed it didnt come with a cord or wall plug. Not sure if that was stated in the description. It did arrived promptly and works well.
I am very pleased with this purchase. It arrived quickly and works like a charm. I had one that did not have the fast charge capability, so wanted to see if there would really be any difference. There was. I also like the fact that it doubles as a stand rather than just a flat one like I had before. It makes it easy to glance at notifications while the phone is charging.I would recommend this product and this Seller.
Loved it!
Makes weird sounds if you accidentally bump it almost sounds like something is breaking but nothing has broke yet
Not bad for a changing stand. Does not change as quickly if connect directly to the card.
Didn't fast charge my S6 Edge but I like the style!
I think is the best way to charge you cellphone is so easy and Work fast I will recommend to everyone I never used the normal charge anymore
Love it!
Super fast charger! I love this!!!
Works great with the Note 7 - charges super fast! Much bigger than my older non-fast charging wireless charger, but on the plus side -- the contact is made more easily and does not "disconnect" The device is always at 100% in the morning.Fast charging wireless is definitely the way to go.USB C helps with the plug in issue but this is still much easier.
excellent performing likebrand new
wireless charging is the way to go.
makes some fan noises sometimes.. but overall, good,and good price.
Good lil charger... Looks good too. Be aware it does not come with the charger to plug into it. I didnt give 5 stars because of that fact. you open it and think yer missing stuff. lol. it plugs right in and works with yer regular fast charge wire charger tho and you do get "fast charge".
Works Great, just as expected!
Love it
Great charger works great easy to use even with a protective cover over my phone it works unlike others I have tried this one really works !!
I really like this thing! Makes it simple to recharge your phone. So just remember... this is just the stand part of the charter. You will need to connect a fast charger to the base (instead of the phone). The charger doesn't come with.
Works great, but if you use a case, be sure that your case works with the charging pad.
THANKS
Worked great even with the cover on. Worth the money. No more fumbling with a cord.
I bought this and it looks and works great. But the one I received did not come with the Samsung adaptive fast charger to connect to this to power it up. Thankfully I have extras from other phones. But just wanted to add this to anyone possibly buying this. There is another white one here on Amazon that says it does come with it here. Samsung Fast Charge Wireless Charging Stand, White But if you already have the one that came with your Galaxy phone this will work perfect. Or you can buy the wall adapter separately. It charges much faster than any other wireless charger I have tried with my S7 which is great. If you have any questions feel free to ask, Ill try to answer, or get the info.
Firstly, this shipped much quicker than expected, I received it in 3 days when I was expecting it in 8 or more. I have a galaxy s7 edge, and after a little research found out that all galaxy s7 are equipped qi enabled. I use a slim clear silicone case and the charger is compatible to still work with that on.When the phone is on the charger, it's actually ergonomically positioned and shaped perfectly for me to still be able to type very comfortably and still use the phone.This charger meets all my expectations, I'm very pleased. The charger does not come with a cable, but it's the same cable as works for the phone.
Works great unless you are using an Otterbox Defender case... Will not charge in the case.
Love it!
Samsung Fast Charge Qi...works pretty good with the S7 Edge. But on the S6, it has to align just right for it to work! Over all, it's a great product, would recommend it!
Elegant, beautiful, fast charging, works with 110 and 220 volts, looks great on any desk.
Very good
Was what I expected. Battery life is excellent.
Great
Great
Great product! Love Amazon!
Great phone for the price
good phone to have as a plan b
Came in a timely manner. Item as advertised. Thank you!
ok perfect
Wow! I have had this phone since 2010 and I keep buying it over and over again it's FANTASTIC! I'm no old fogee either, I'm a disabled 33 yr old so I don't live the fastest life, maybe the GPS in this thing can use a little work (I wouldn't be shocked though to hear it's just fine though lol), there's no flash or 'selfie' camera but boy howdie what it DOES do is just SPECTACULAR (give or take).The good (why do I keep coming back to this phone?):* physical keyboard! It gets caught and is a little hard to open but it's good* touchscreen interface (big screen... vs a flip phone)* a camera mode that actually feels like a camera! It's not a vertical touch the screen to take a picture camera, it's a real flip it on it's side point and shoot WITH AN ACTUAL DEDICATED BUTTON camera! I've whipped my phone out, snapped a photo and had it within a second likity split! How many smartphones can do that??* battery life is MAGNIFICENT, 5 days+ if you never use your phone or get it lost in a park over Thanksgiving Weekend... (see the bad as recharging it fully can be tricky though)* see the review about this phone taking PAIN cuz it DOES AND LIKES IT! .... plus it's cheap to replacethe bad (proof that no phone is perfect!):* oldy old 'Symbian OS (I think)' applications that either malfunction since it's way passed expire OR don't work at all. nothing that bad, but it's no Android. (GPS may be one thing that gets the 'axe' here. Ever drove through the country side with only a 40yr old road map??)* some default contacts from the old 'Cingular' days :D* I've not even attempted to game even when it was NEW this phone was never a gaming device. As someone else said here, this is a phone for those who want basic connections (Internet *3g only no WiFi or 4g*) only, they have a tablet or laptop all they need is a phone!* I don't use instant messaging so I don't know how well this does it. It texts well but you know the non-analogous nature of chats (Instant Messaging) where you get a log of the whole conversation? I'd be shocked if this rarely updated phone from the stone ages does that :).* a screen locking mechanism that is just REDICULOUS... good luck with call waiting by the time you figure it out BOTH callers will be pissed at you and hang up!* lowdown on the battery recharging. The indicator (when on) is just a bar that fills up, it never gives an indication when it's full AND the lower bars come on way too quick meaning it LOOKS full after just a few hours DON'T BELIEVE IT!! I'd think it'd take forever to charge when it's on anyway. CHARGE IT WHEN IT'S OFF! Don't worry it WILL give you a proper indicator like all electronics do, but THIS TIME it actually tells you when it's full!!* Oh yeah I almost forgot it's never really off until you completely pull the battery... it will wake up to run the alarm no matter WHAT when you tell it to! I'd think maybe this is something you can blame any modern phone for anyway. None of them (or electronics in general) really turn off till you pull the plug.* Speaking of alarm, it may be me but it's hard to figure out!! I get it, but only after fiddling with it for a while every time. Otherwise it typically forgets to go off... the weekly/ daily etc feature usually works it's just the one time feature that's tricksy* My internal speaker may be bad (my external is bad since that Thanksgiving weekend it spent in a snowy park) but I find it so hard to hear ppl sometimes. (earphones DO work... sometimes)* I got 3 phone backs from all the replacements over the years lol and every one is different!! sure only one color is available (to my knowledge) but some are textured some not... anyway 2 out of three fit all three phones, one only fits on one snug. Plus one started to chip and OMG it's only down hill from there. I'm saying this back is only cheap plastic! it may be good after a fall but most likely it chipped and I don't know about you but that annoys me to no end plus 1 chip just exponentially multiplys on this cheap plastic :/SO this phone is getting a little long in the tooth... BUT for 50 bucks or less I'd STILL say it's a great buy! It's amazing how cheap smartphones are getting nowadays though (3g only though see asus zen phone for instance!) BUT its still 2 or 3x the price of this and this phone still works with a few positives left in it too! If you need something cheap you're not likely to do better than this baby... and believe me I've tried.
we are happy with this you cant beat the price
nice phone for my mom loves it
Excellent purchase, worked great
Very good
love the slide out keyboard and the touch screen. easy to use and fun!
Seller did great, thx :-). Phone is good. I had 2g slider and it seemed much sturdier and the non touch screen interface was better in my opinion. Needed a 3G phone and this will work fine.
I got this phone because of the slider keyboard, the other phone I had was a good phone but my fingers were too big for the keyboard so I got the flight 2, the keyboard was perfect and after I figured out how everything worked on this phone (it didn't come with a manual ) it was/is a great little basic phone that has a smartphone look. Love this phone, the price was great. The only issue I have is that this phone was advertised as an unlocked phone but is locked to at&t. Still, a good purchase and a great basic phone.
THE CELL PHONE I GOTIS IN GREAT CONDITIONWORKS GREAT I WOULD BUY MORE IN THE FUTUREI THAAAAAAANK YOU VERY MUCH
It is everything we expected it to be. It was bought as a replacement for a Samsung Flight - ( not the Flight II). It looks good and works very well.
LOVE IT... VERY AFFORDABLE...BE WARY OF SELLER.... RECEIVED PHONE WITH DEFECTIVE BATTERY, DECIDED THAT I LIKED THE PHONE AND JUST PAID $3 FOR A NEW BATTERY....
I love my phone and was very happy to obtain one that I have been using for years. Do not need a smart phone as I love the slide key board. My husband also purchased the same phone for the same reasons.
phone works good for a used phone so far no problems bought to replace an old phone
I've had this phone for 5 years, and I ordered a new one to put my sim in, before the old one but same phone [screen] stopped lighting up. A few things I love about this phone: it's really good for texting quickly, great touch screen, and overall quality of the phone. I've dropped it only a couple times when I had my old phone, and it's very durable. I don't recommend using internet on this phone, and I never have since it's a hassle. I mainly use it to text and it's been very reliable for the past 5 years, and counting, since I ordered this same phone. It's super convenient and it's the reason I don't want to upgrade to a smartphone so I'd highly recommend it!
Great product. Lots of tools. Can be a little confusing to use since there are several ways to perform one function. But overall, a great buy!
This is a good hybrid phone ; sensitive touch screen , qwerty keyboard ( which I prefer over touch pads ) and lots of power to keep it viable in this day and age of high powered smart phones ... plus its a Samsung . I have 2 of these that I've relegated to back-up status when my Blackberry Passport arrived. I will keep them and trot them out if I ever need to.
thanx
Product was as advertised!
Works great, fighting to stay out of the smart phone market and this phone should give me a few more years. This was a replacement for the same phone I had owned for about 3 years, like the slide out keyboard.
Great phone!!!
As good as the latest phones.
GREAT
Perfect replacement for grandma's Samsung impression
Awesome!!
Kids, eh, what do you do? It was far more expensive to fix the screen so I bought this. It is the same phone he had, but since most of us don't have a home phone any longer, he needs one. And not a smart phone. It was in excellent condition and Totally worth the price.
just what I thought it was going to be. very pleased with product would recommend it to anyone that needs a quick fix phone.
Everything I expected it to be . would recomened it to anyone looking for a replacement for their phone. Vey happy wiht it
Bought this phone to replace the samsung flight 2 that I had for over 2 yrs. After 2 yrs of very heavy use, a few keys were sticking. A little sluggish on the net but if you don't want to pay for a smart phone, this is a good choice. No flash for inside pics, but outside pics do well for a 2 megapixal. Great choice for the price.
I like the phone.I think it is just what I wanted. It works very well. I am satisfied. Good bye.
I LIKE THIS MOBILE DEVICE.. IT GOOD AND EASY TO WORK WITH.. BATTERY LAST LONG. i LIKE IT...I WANT TO TURN OFF NETWORK AND CELLULAR DATA AND TURN OFF INTERNET MANUAL.. I CAN'T DO THIS.. OTHERWISE I LIKE THIS SAMSUNG ATT FLIGHT.
My grandson dropped my other phone that was almost like this one. This phone is set up great for just a plain phone with no internet use. No problems with it at all
I get about 1 mb speed on the internet most of the time. One problem I had was that this cell phone reboots when you are logging in on fb on the app
very happy with the phone
Was for a gift and so far so good. No complaints
For the money it is not a bad little phone, if you need a basic phone this one is great.
BUENO
My son had lost one just like this one don a drain at the car wash, and he was so excited when I bought this one for him. He loves the phone.
This was a replacement phone for my original one I got wet. I like this one as much as the first one. One odd quirk about it, the speaker sometimes comes on at the start of a call?? This happened on my first one also. I wait until the call connects, then "slide" the speaker "off" on the touch screen. Still haven't figured out why it comes on in the first place.
I was really excited to get this phone for my dad everything was nice and new and I sent it to himTurns out you cant put a micro sd card in it because one of the gold prongs are broken off very disappointed because it is now in another statecand I cant return it
The phone is great and like new. I really like it and it is exactly what I wanted.Thank you
I got this phone for my son to use, it is easy to use, seems to be durable, and the txting features are very easy to use as well. I would use this phone myself, I would recommend this phone to anyone to use, good phone for the price!
Awesome, like brand new. Loved it. Still works great, no problems yet. Don't think the service could be any better.
Good value without having to renew contract with carrier. Great replacement phone for the non-smartphone customer. Came with battery and looked like new.
Phone was exactly as described. It was new and in the box. This was a replacement for the same phone, which I had broken. Very fast, easy transaction!
I had a previous one which was great for texting but touch screen did not work well. I purchased a go phone that I though would do well until contract with ATT was up but the key board was to small. The key board on this is great! The touch screen seems to be reacting better than the previous one that got washed in washing machine by accident. Needed new phone before contract ended. Advantage is I know how this one works so learning curve. Still not a perfect phone but for texting excellent. Just with the touch screen would see me and react when I need it. But at least you can answer phone by way of left button.
This was a replacement to the one I had because I dropped and cracked the screen. I like this phone and would buy it again.
Looking for a phone that doesn't require an expensive data plan was a challenge. Every phone I looked at had some flaws that made it undesirable. From reading the other reviews, this phone actually exceeded my expectations, although there are a few minor flaws that I can deal with.Mostly, this phone just took a little getting used to. At first I had difficulty sliding out the keypad, which was very frusterating. Over time, the slide-out keypad became "worn in" and now it's a breeze. The keyboard itself is great. The touchscreen is not great. The thing that bugs me most: There are three panels to organize your "widgets," which is nice, but they easily become scrambled and sometimes disappear. I cannot keep my screen organized. Perhaps I need to wait longer before putting my phone in my pocket, but who wants to do that?Otherwise, it's exactly what I was looking for: A phone that also works as an MP3 player. It has an audio jack and the media player is simple and easy to use.
so far so good
i love the phone. I got it for my daughter. She loves it.
Ok
Came in a timely manner, phone is working great.
Thank u. I am enjoying my gift..
Satisfactory Purchae
Very good
I like the slide open keyboard and touch screen.I like the ease of finding the things I'm looking for.
i always buy my phones on the internet and this is my favorite yet. great battery life, no glitches or malfunctions. if you can't afford a smart phone, the flight is a reliable alternative. the full keyboard is great too
This phone is perfect for me. The only problem is sometimes a blank message is sent when I start to reply to a text.
Yes, it replace the original one that was damaged.it works perfectly. i enjoy the size of the keybord for my fingers
I love my phone and use it all the time. I wanted a phone that would not require a data package. This is the perfect phone.
a reasonable price for a new slider phone. my son has been using it with no issues so far. get one
Very easy to use, never any problems this is my third fight!!!! I like the functions and graphics as well
Wife loves if over all. She didn't want a smart phone, but wanted a phone that had all the other features of a smart phone.It has a very odd start-up procedure. It's so odd in fact, that I had to google it. It's not in the quick start guide. That's the reason for the removal of a star.To turn this phone on for the first time: plug in the wall charger, then plug the charger into the phone, insert sim card, insert battery, turn phone on.
Gud
Thanks
Love my new phone, so easy to text, but the sliding out does tend to get in the way of removing cover and tends to hinder some minor things. Over all this phone is just as fab as any smart phone.
I bought it for my niece, this is the only phone she likes. She's had 3, she wore out the buttons on her first one after 2 years of use, fell in to a pool with her second one(after a years use) and this ones lasting thus she's happy😄 which in turn make my life better
If all you want is phone and text, this is excellent, battery needs charging fairly often
It is a great NON-ANDROID Phone.
Shipment was great and the phone is in awesome condition.
ok
I just needed something at I could use to phone and text. It fills the bill.
I needed a phone for my son that didn't use huge data amounts. This phone fit the bill with its older design which basically turned out to be a neat phone for texting and talking. This prevented a huge dent in my plan. So, I'm happy.
I love these phones. They are perfect for tweens who just don't need a smart phone yet. Kids this age text non-stop, and this phone is perfect at meeting that need. The one down side to the phone is the buttons on the front of the phone get pushed if the phone is in a pocket (and most are).
Good little phone with a QWERTY board I can actually use. Menus and the touch screen take a bit of getting used to but it is not a problem. I might get another just to keep around in case I decide to put this one through the washing machine. Oops! Like that ever happens, meh.
Super
My other phone, the exact same kind, finally bit the dust and I needed to find a replacement quick. For the price, and my experience with this phone, I was happy to by it again.
better then expected
Got this for the AC adapter and Battery which were in good condition. This being unlocked I could use in the future if the regular phone becomes lost.
To replace a like item that I have used and abused for the last four years ,it's a simple phone which I love the qwerty key board is great for texting and making calls ,Simple ,Simple oh and did I mention simple and dependable
I love my phone! It was easy to use and durable! The keys are big enough to see and type on, the face is big enough to see my apps clearly.
I have owned this model phone for 3 years, and recently mine has begun functioning more slowly and losing battery charge quickly (<24 hrs with very little use). I first replaced the battery and when that did not fix the problem decided it was time for a new phone (I have dropped this phone MANY times, so I'm not surprised it's time for a new one). I actually tried a different model first, which made me realize how much I like this model! It's easy to navigate and one of the best features (IMO) is the slide-out keyboard. It's not too small to use, which is one issue I've had w/ other basic phones. If your needs for a phone are just talking and texting, this phone should work well for you. It does have other features, such a music player, that I use infrequently but that seem to work well.
Fast, great service! Grandson crushed his phone by sitting on it in a video chair at grandma's so naturally grandma came to resque so he wouldn't get into too much trouble by replacing it! He says he will be more careful this time!
I chose this phone to replace the one that I have cause I like the slider.Nothing wrong with it and I would recommend it to anyone!!
I'm older & already had this phone but got it wet so instead of buying a different phone to get used to, I found the exact replacement. No getting used to something different. I'm happy with it. It is a little more sensitive than my original but other than that I'm happy.
Meet needs as just a more efficient phone but with same capabilities as the old phone did that was losing its battery life
By early 2014 there aren't too many messaging phones left on the market by name brands that we can trust. If you aren't going to get a smart phone and the big data plans then this phone is a good phone that both my wife and teenage son are happy with. My wife has no patience for difficult to use technology and she picked this up and used it immediately. Their Flight 1's both lasted over 2 years and worked reliably and the 2 has a few minor improvements that they have mentioned. My wife likes that it isn't quite as slick and easier to hold. It's a good phone.
For the price paid for this little phone it's fine. I prefer the Qwerty keyboard phones over the virtual keyboards and don't need all the smart phone apps out there & this phone is just a bit smaller than what I would've preferred. Had all components, packaged well, arrived on time, and works just fine for my needs. I actually like the fact that it fits into my purse's phone pocket compared to some of the other newer smart phones and this is great for when I travel. Battery charge lasts a lot longer than my other smart phones as well which I like. Sound quality is good. I haven't used the camera yet however.
Samsung A927 Flight Ii Touch-screen Qwerty Slider Cell Phone for At&t. Samsung A927 Flight Ii Touch-screen Qwerty Slider Cell Phone for At&t
So far it meets all my expectations. Although it is a little smaller than my Samsung Eternity, having the slide out keyboard makes it actually easier to text. I'm not much of a texter but with this one I can at least send a coherent answer.
This version of the flight 2 seems slicker and faster (slightly) than the used one I had before. This was a solid buy in terms of regular cell phones.
works great
great phone. does alot and easy to use
excellent product
sweet..
I bought this phone for my daughter for her birthday. She was delighted to receive her new phone and couldn't wait to start using it. She has had for about eight months now and it does the job. The phone is more for safety reasons and can only text and call unless you enable data. It has a camera to take pictures and videos, but cannot text or receive videos or photos. It has a nice slide-out keyboard for typing and can go without being charged for four days or so without heavy usage. I am very pleased with this phone and I would definitely recommend it.
Was what I expected. Battery life is excellent.
Great
Great
Great product! Love Amazon!
Great phone for the price
we are happy with this you cant beat the price
good phone to have as a plan b
Came in a timely manner. Item as advertised. Thank you!
ok perfect
Wow! I have had this phone since 2010 and I keep buying it over and over again it's FANTASTIC! I'm no old fogee either, I'm a disabled 33 yr old so I don't live the fastest life, maybe the GPS in this thing can use a little work (I wouldn't be shocked though to hear it's just fine though lol), there's no flash or 'selfie' camera but boy howdie what it DOES do is just SPECTACULAR (give or take).The good (why do I keep coming back to this phone?):* physical keyboard! It gets caught and is a little hard to open but it's good* touchscreen interface (big screen... vs a flip phone)* a camera mode that actually feels like a camera! It's not a vertical touch the screen to take a picture camera, it's a real flip it on it's side point and shoot WITH AN ACTUAL DEDICATED BUTTON camera! I've whipped my phone out, snapped a photo and had it within a second likity split! How many smartphones can do that??* battery life is MAGNIFICENT, 5 days+ if you never use your phone or get it lost in a park over Thanksgiving Weekend... (see the bad as recharging it fully can be tricky though)* see the review about this phone taking PAIN cuz it DOES AND LIKES IT! .... plus it's cheap to replacethe bad (proof that no phone is perfect!):* oldy old 'Symbian OS (I think)' applications that either malfunction since it's way passed expire OR don't work at all. nothing that bad, but it's no Android. (GPS may be one thing that gets the 'axe' here. Ever drove through the country side with only a 40yr old road map??)* some default contacts from the old 'Cingular' days :D* I've not even attempted to game even when it was NEW this phone was never a gaming device. As someone else said here, this is a phone for those who want basic connections (Internet *3g only no WiFi or 4g*) only, they have a tablet or laptop all they need is a phone!* I don't use instant messaging so I don't know how well this does it. It texts well but you know the non-analogous nature of chats (Instant Messaging) where you get a log of the whole conversation? I'd be shocked if this rarely updated phone from the stone ages does that :).* a screen locking mechanism that is just REDICULOUS... good luck with call waiting by the time you figure it out BOTH callers will be pissed at you and hang up!* lowdown on the battery recharging. The indicator (when on) is just a bar that fills up, it never gives an indication when it's full AND the lower bars come on way too quick meaning it LOOKS full after just a few hours DON'T BELIEVE IT!! I'd think it'd take forever to charge when it's on anyway. CHARGE IT WHEN IT'S OFF! Don't worry it WILL give you a proper indicator like all electronics do, but THIS TIME it actually tells you when it's full!!* Oh yeah I almost forgot it's never really off until you completely pull the battery... it will wake up to run the alarm no matter WHAT when you tell it to! I'd think maybe this is something you can blame any modern phone for anyway. None of them (or electronics in general) really turn off till you pull the plug.* Speaking of alarm, it may be me but it's hard to figure out!! I get it, but only after fiddling with it for a while every time. Otherwise it typically forgets to go off... the weekly/ daily etc feature usually works it's just the one time feature that's tricksy* My internal speaker may be bad (my external is bad since that Thanksgiving weekend it spent in a snowy park) but I find it so hard to hear ppl sometimes. (earphones DO work... sometimes)* I got 3 phone backs from all the replacements over the years lol and every one is different!! sure only one color is available (to my knowledge) but some are textured some not... anyway 2 out of three fit all three phones, one only fits on one snug. Plus one started to chip and OMG it's only down hill from there. I'm saying this back is only cheap plastic! it may be good after a fall but most likely it chipped and I don't know about you but that annoys me to no end plus 1 chip just exponentially multiplys on this cheap plastic :/SO this phone is getting a little long in the tooth... BUT for 50 bucks or less I'd STILL say it's a great buy! It's amazing how cheap smartphones are getting nowadays though (3g only though see asus zen phone for instance!) BUT its still 2 or 3x the price of this and this phone still works with a few positives left in it too! If you need something cheap you're not likely to do better than this baby... and believe me I've tried.
i love this phone, i am very happy with it
Very nice phone.
I like the phone.
as expected, I owned one before, loved it and went to a bring your own phone service.
Great, easy to use for first time smart phone user. Great price also!
First off, I was at first gravely disappointed when I thought I couldn't add CUSTOM RINGTONES. Then I discovered how...To create a ringtone using the Zune software Open the Zune software and find the file you want to turn into a ringtone. Right-click the file, and then click Edit. In the GENRE list, click or type ringtone, then click OK. Connect your phone to your computer using a cable, and then sync the file to your phone. Now on your phone: On Start, flick left to the App list, then tap Settings > Ringtones + sounds. Tap the Ringtone list, then find the new ringtone you just added.That being said... It all seems pretty user friendly (except for the ringtones). It set up easily. I mainly bought it for texting and talking. For this, it works great.I haven't tried some other features because I don't have a data plan. For example, the internet seems fast, but I don't really use it even with wi-fi. The screen is too small for my preference. Maybe it wouldn't bother someone with younger eyes.The camera is nothing to brag about, but I didn't buy it for that. I would rather use my digital camera and get better photo quality than a phone camera can give anyway. I did, however, take some photos with the phone to use for my contacts' profile pictures. Worked well enough for that.The music option is easy peasy but you must use Zune (which I happen to have). Speaking of Zune... My computer won't recongnize the phone as a device except thru Zune. Again, awkward but still works for me. Could really prove a problem for someone who doesn't have that program.The Facebook connection option was CRAZY. All 500 of my "friends" info downloaded!!! Quickly resolved... I turned off that option.I know this isn't the latest technology so I wasn't expecting a ton of bells and whistles, but what bells and whistles that came with it, I'm happy with.The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the funky camera and how obsolete they make it to select a custom ringtone.
This samsung with 7.5-7.8 OS can easily provide everything that common people need. I have an iphone 5s also and I'm definitely sure that apple is really much more expensive but aint much more useful than i917 for me.
I love this phone. Second one I have purchased. It has worked very well for a great price. I highly recommend it.
This is a very good mid range smartphone for its price. I really loved the super amoled screen because the colors are vivid.
Very nice windows phone, great price. Bought it to replace a Blackberry that wore out in slightly over a year and did not want toextend my ATT contract. My only concern is that the back is somewhat flimsy and might come off after extended use.
Yes I like itYes I recomend this product no complains to this moment.thanks a lot for this oportunity to get this cellphone
Who ever wants to buy this phone do not have any second thoughts.this was the first smartphone that i have bought and i wont regret it. I have att so once i put in my sim everything work. The internet texting and calling all work. I thing that got me angry but i soon got it to work was that i couldn't download any applications on the phone. Then i went to the att store and they told me that i needed an update. So i came back home went on my computer downloaded the Zune software. And began the update. After every thing started working. Sorry for the long review but it really is a wonderful cell phoneCons:wonderful big touch screen phone Comes in the package with everything including headphones Great camera
This is my first smartphone, so I'm not an expert, but I'm very happy with the hardware. The screen is very responsive, no lag, the colors are nice and bright, and the camera is pretty good as well. On the other hand, the operating system isn't great. Windows Phone 7 doesn't allow you to resize the icons on the home screen, and I had some trouble installing apps, so you'd probably need to upgrade to WP 7.5 or 7.8, for which you need a Windows or Mac computer with the Zune software installed.If you're using the phone to look up directions a lot, be aware that Bing Maps doesn't have the public transportation option that Google Maps has. There's no Google Maps app, and as of June 2013 you can't hit Google Maps through the browser, either, since Google has for some reason blocked the Maps mobile website on Windows Phone devices. So if you're looking to use public transit in an unfamiliar place, this phone won't be much help.One note on the unlockedness of the phone. I purchased the phone from Phone Etc. The box, the manuals in the box, and the phone itself were all branded AT&T, and the phone came with a bunch of AT&T apps installed, so I was worried that the phone was still locked to AT&T's network. However, it turns out that it was indeed unlocked. I was able to hook up the phone to Three in the UK and it's worked without problems.If you'd like to check and don't have a SIM card from another GSM carrier to just stick in and try, you can instead check the Diagnosis Panel. Go to the phone keypad like you're making a call, dial ##634#, and press call. After a few seconds, another keypad labeled "Diagnosis" should pop up. On that keypad, dial *#7465625# and it takes you to another screen with a few buttons, the first of which shows you the lock status (SIM/USIM Lock, Network Lock, Network Subset Lock, Service Provider Lock, Corporate Lock). If it's locked, you can call up AT&T, and as I understand for a phone this old they'll just give you the code to unlock it for free. Otherwise, your phone should be good to go.
I have had Iphones, and liked them, but this windows phone is the best I have ever encountered. The operating system works flawlessly, thousands of good practical and entertaining apps are available for any interest or need...and call quality is excellent.battery life could be longer, but I do spend an inordinate amount of time reading on mine so....
Great phone, got it within 3 days, looks brand new. Good to have a windows phone, excited to use it around the world
Awesome product
Plenty free applications for this smart phone, and made this phone as smart as old version iPhones. However, "focus is really out dated. there isn't enough support from either at&t or Samsung. however, there is a solution. "Zune software for your PC" it's free to download at Zune software for your PC | Windows Phone 7 | Windows Phone How-to | Windows Phone (United States) it will sync outdated Windows7 phone, but it will take a long while to cycle download/restart/download/restart. it's no fun, but at the end you will get all apps, and that will make your day, or night."
Very good!
the cell phone is exactly what I expected. everything in order. Thanked
excellent!
excelente
Good
Phone came unlocked and ready to use. I like windows as i find asy to use. This has windows 7.5. It takes great pictures, although the camera has a small dark spot and everytime I take a picture, there is a small dark spot in every photo, I have learned to live with it since I dont take much pictures. It has a durable and strong screen. After a year of using it, it started giving me problems were it would freeze and turn off on its own constantly for several weeks. I had to reset the phone to its original settings, I had to lost all my apps, photos, videos etc. Phone works fine now, but I am being more careful with what i download since I think that is what caused it to malfunction. I was able to restored all my contacts since they are link to my email account. Not the photos or apps, those I had to restore again. I am using the pohone with simple mobile, I was told by simple mobile that since the phone it is an AT&T brand, it is the reason I cannot send photos vis msn, because there is something the at&t brand had block and cannot be unlocked. That if I connect the phone with at&t I would be able to send photos via msn. For the same reason I cannot use the phone's integrated gps. In other words 5 functions that comes with the phone you cannot use them unless you connected with at&t. But you can work your way around it if you just download the right app. I use whatsapp to be able to send pictures and a gps app I downloaded.
Excellent
I am very satisfied with my phone I had gotten two one for my sonand jut love it.
Excellent sellers! Excellent article!
excelente
i used this phone for about 2 months and so far it is good. i added a 16gb memory card and a hardcase. updated to mango and it works great. only thing, when i am on a call i get this black screen and i can not end the call until other person hangs up. i bought two of this phone and other one is working just fine. i tried resetting it but it didnt help. its frustrating that i have to wait for the call to be ended by the receiver especially if no one answers and i have to wait until voice message come on. any fix for this problem?
This is a great phone with all I wanted and I am not easy going.What I really miss is a Outlook synchronization which I just assumed wouold come with any Windows Phone.Man was I mistaken. Microsoft that really sucks.If you really need Outlook sync you better buy an IPhone or Android Phone which would have done alsoif I would have known.
Really happy with his purchase. It works seamlessly with the Italian network (3 Italy, H3G).I added a micro SDHC 8GB Class 10 from Samsung, so I have a total of 16GB to store data.The version of the Samsung Focus is 1.3 and the latest update available is 7.10.7720 (dated February 2, 2012).
The price for this phone is really amazing, it does everything a phone twice as expensive does. All the aplications run really smooth,it never crashes. Try running fruit ninja in a $200 android phone and you will see how slow it runs, in this phone it runs with no problems. I bought this phone for my son and I was so impressed that I am going to buy a windows phone. The way it integrates your social networks its really great, and I like the fact that you have all your games imside xbox live and not spread all over the place. I also like the fact that the tiles are bigger, that way is easier to type them. So overall a really great phone, try a windows phone you will not regret it!
I already have 2 weeks using this phone and the only thing I can say it's "amazing", very light weight and thin, the resolution/size of the AMOLED display is great, very very good camera, windows 7 mango in gorgeous and very intuitive (it's looks better than any android version that I have used and I haven't had any single "frozen" screen or software lag since I first started it), apps and games are high quality. The only "not good" thing about this phone is the battery life, it last 1.5 days with full charge, but if you don't required extended battery life this phone will be for you.
I bought this for windows 7 phone application development and completely satisfied with the phone as it serves my purpose.Faster service- got the product within 4 days
first of all i recieved this phone in perfect condition. i live outside the us in the caribbean and i had no problem connecting to the gsm digicel network. this phone is UNLOCKED and NEW when bought from seller AMAZON.com. the first thing i did do was to update the phone to wp7.5 mango, it took approx a hour. the screen quality is great, blacks are black and the touch screen is very responsive. i installed many apps however the adobe reader app doesnt display pdf properly but this is due to the app and not the phone however the android and ios versions of adobe reader are much better. this was a major peeve because i am a student with many books. however on the flip side the office suite preinstalled is very good. the camera is ok not great, i would say exactly average. the sound quality is loud however when you place the phone on a flat surface with screen up the sound is a little less loud , i guess they could of put the speaker on the side. the phone is fast responsive. overall for the price you are getting a galaxy s for about a hundred and a half less, but you have to use wp7.
AT&T should offer this all the time. For basic, no-tech users, this phone is simple to use and very responsive.
This phone is a great deal for the price I paid. I have already recommended this phone to my friends and family. Thanks
Excellent phone; it's really unlocked; you can use whatever sim card on itWhen I turn it on for the first time I had few issues (can't download apps, can't copy and paste text ...), but all problems disappeared once I upgraded the Windows OS from 7 to 7.5 (this required installing Zune 4.8 on my computer, then checking for updates). The upgrade took around 1 hour (for 3 downloads).
User friendly. Great for what I need it for; email, internet, social media apps and ereading apps. Photos and videos come out great!
I like it ten times better than the Iphone. No forward facing camera isn't a deal breaker for me, because If I wanted to video chat, I'll just do that at home on my computer (when I have combed hair. lol..) I've had windows phones since the first windows mobile os (which wasn't good). Now they have Windows Phone OS; And microsoft has learned from old mistakes.Since the Mango update Windows phone is awesome. I love that It has office in the phone. This feels like a real work phone. The Iphone felt like, well an Ipod with a phone built in. I also love that I was able to add a 32gb SD card to up the memory. (It now has 36.6gbs free.) That means If I so please I can download movies or Xbox live games. :-) I was spazzing out on mirrors edge yesterday with the Focus. :-) & the hd video may be only 720p but it's good enough to make quality youtube videos. And it's flash is better than the Iphones flash.My choices were pay $$$$ for a new unlocked Iphone or unlocked Android or unlocked Blackberry, settle for a cheaper windows phone that only has 8gbs of rom, or get this older focus and upgrade it with the SD card. For less than the price of a used Iphone 3g, I got a factory unlocked phone that can do all the same things, but adds microsoft office, an hd camcorder, and the biggest factor is that this phone asks before distributing all your private user information.Originally I was onboard for an android, then the same day I was going to get one, a consumer watchdog group out of Santa Monica California issued a request to the US Attorney asking that Google and Apple be sued for billions of dollars due to their letting app developers access all personal data on people's phones. That, infact, is how many stalkers were invading celebrity cellphones. I'm not so worried about stalkers, but I don't like the thought of someone being able to hack my info just because I accidentally installed a shady app instead of angry birds. (and by the way even angry birds gets all your private info sent to them via Android & Iphone.)If you want to be in with the cool people and don't care about privacy issues or budget, go for an Iphone or an Android phone. If you want a phone that will do all the same things but won't give free reign to any app developer that wants to hack your phone, and you want to pay $$$ less for an unlocked phone; The Focus is a very good choice. Just remember to get the right SD card. Many don't work, and because people wouldn't read and research to get the right one, many people complained that they couldn't get it working right. Also many people didn't read the fact that the SD card intigrates into the OS, and therefore can not be removed or used to transfere files once it has been intigrated with the phone. Due to so many complaints by people that just don't bother to read the directions, they stopped putting the upgrade slot on the newer phones. That means the newer ones might have a better processor, but you have to go up to the most expensive models to even compete with the space you can have on this Focus i917.I may get another for my lady and retire her no privacy having Iphone. She already wants to trade. :-)Update May 1st, 2013:One month on and using the phone feels totally natural now. I have not lost any calls, had any crashes, or lost any data.Oh and I did replace her Iphone. She loves her Samsung Focus. Before she wouldn't risk her Iphone: she would switch sims and use a cheap flip phone if for example: we went to the beach or were going to ride on a boat or had an amusement park day. But now she uses her Iphone for the beach, flip phone is finally retired, and the Focus is protected & adorned. (^_^).
I bought this phone, because I wanted to try out windows phone and I didn't want to pay much. It is some what outdated because of the OS on it, which is Windows Phone 7. (Windows Phone 8 is latest)The phone is fast and call quality is clear. The camera also works very well.I would recommend this item
It is light, thin & sturdy. The camera is decent for the price. It performed fast enough for normal everyday use. I paired it up with an AT&T compatible SIM from net10 and voila! Got voice, text and internet working perfectly in a mountainous region. A great alternative for those who are considering the contract free route.
This was product a great and it was offered at a very reasonable price, for a phone of that stature.
I'm not the kind who needs the newest... if you feel this way, this is not the phone for you... Even if it has 2010 hardware, the phone is pretty fast, does everything you need it to do, and does it in style...Seriously, Windows Phone does have less apps, but its not missing the essentials, maybe a couple of them, but for the most part, it has everything out there...The camera its pretty average though, even by 2010 standards, but i dont mind that much since camera quality its not a priority for me...
I purchased this UNLOCKED Samsung Focus I917 with BUYING IT and definitively it is a great option to save money because offer the most important features that any expensive smartphones must have, but it cost less than 50% of them. Its designs is very attractive, runs WiFi very fast, sound of speakers is great and loud, etc. I UPDATED the WINDOWS Operative System (OS) thru the Zune program installed in my PC without any problem. Now I can get more apps and some phone functions are now performed in a more efficient way. I know that some persons have concerns because they believe that updating the OS could "lock" the phone. In my experience the "unlock condition" was not impacted and the phone is now running with the last phone Windows version. I am using this phone with a Mexico SIM card (Telcel) and is functioning perfect. I also tested it with a SIM card of USA and worked fine too. I think it is a great option for the cell phone users in Mexico and anywhere.... I think it is not necessary to purchase smartphones of $ 500 or $ 600 dlls.... This Samsung has the same powerful performance of the expensive smartphones at a very attractive price.
wp7is greater than i thought,it was faster and clean,i don't need to worry about rom or ram is not enough anymore
The Samsung focus is an awesome phone I love it more than the iPhone, for it being an used phone the phone itself looks brand new and the graphics are eye-popping... Thanks amazon and bayside trading.
I purchased this phone hoping I could get a very nice smartphone at a good price. When I received the phone I was amazed at the quality of it. The picture looks amazing, the sound is great, and the touch screen seems better than an iPhone! I had an issue with the charging of the phone taking too long in the beginning, but am happy to say I no longer have an issue with that. This is a great phone that I would recommend to anyone!
I get this phone 3 weeks ago from another seller trough Amazon. Comes with the original box, charger, earphones and stuff. When I turn it on it came with a diferent version of Windows phone. Was a developer emulador version so I tought I cant update it but just instalo the Rogers carrier ron for this phone and you ser ready to go. mango ready. The battery is ok and I Live the Súper Amoled 4 ich screen. Works Dell with Movistar and Kolbi in Costa Rica. Recomended phone.
This is an excellent phone. Very easy to use. Good size screen for texting & calling. Just one issue so far as a phone call is terminated. The 'end call' icon moves up the screen too rapidly & the user must scroll down again to find it. I have to check to see if it is a setting issue. Would recommend this phone.
The phone arrived on time, in its original packaging and all accessories included. The screen quality is excellent, phone is beautiful. Love love loved it! The call quality is excellent. I needed to upgrade the os to use some of the feature. It took about an hour, but once that was done the phone run smoothly.Problems: Battery life is poor, but this improved with the battery saver feature.There is no way to lock the screen when receiving a call, so you end up pressing end or hold, which can be very frustrating. I don't know whether it is a software or hardware problem. The windows operating system is also a little rigid with few options to personalize your phone.Apart from that great phone sold at a great price!
i love how easy it was to get to operate the phone and all the woderful functions that it can do.
This phone meets all my requirements as for what I really wanted , all the specs this phone has , on another device or OS would have costed me at least 50 dollars more , and this phone has a nice style and windows phone runs quick in this phone , with android it would be lagging , but it runs very smooth here , I made a good choice since I lasted some time b4 buying a phone , and I did many comparisons in gsmarena.com wich helped me a lot , I think this is the best phone I could get unlocked for that money
I love this phone, though there are some MAJOR setbacks if one wants it for straighttalk. The picture messaging system does not work, although there is a way around it it is SO troublesome and it took me a month to get everything working correctly, but once it's working the phone is amazing and I have no complaints except a lack of a front facing camera.
the product is fine as usual, but this time I received a big heavy box, my previous purchase of this very same phone was a lot more light.
A+
I had gotten one of these phones when they first came out, and I had it almost 4 yrs....and after dropping it several times, it finally started messing up on me. I am one who doesn't like change very often and wanted another one, but of course these are no longer available in store. I got on line and found this one brand new in the box and was SO happy that it was exactly what I was looking for....it got to me with in 3 days and I was so excited. I am a pic taker, and this phone really takes great photos as well....the item was what was promised and I have had no problems. Thank you for having what I needed when I needed it!!!!!!
very good product
Fine
Very good
It came like new and everything was as described. The only downside about the phone is the OS, but it's not so bad.
Great phone.. Work well in Sudamérica in telefónica MOVISTAR or claro. Only update the OS and enjoy the phone ....
I didn't expect much especially because the box it came in was completely open, but luckily the phone was intact. This phone is great. It's fast, responsive and the colors are vibrant. It's super easy to use and intuitive. I like the Windows layout. Camera's not bad. I need to play around with it more, but it seems to have a lot of options and the first pic I took came out decent (not bad since the lighting where I took it was mediocre). I was able to connect to the Wifi right away and it accepted my TMobile sim card with no problems at all. I'm really happy with this phone especially for the price I got it for. Was used but looks and works like new. Thanks Amazon!
This phone has a great antenna that gets great signal wherever I go. It's fast and app storage only limited by the size of the sd card. I use it with an AT&T MVNO and had to do a little hocus pocus to get MMS to work. This one is my 2nd Focus. I just wanted a backup and have invested myself fully into this delightful phone.
Great quality for the price trust me. Fast, smooth and great battery life. Just buy it if you think you need an unlocked world wide carrier capable phone and hey! I'ts a windows phone! That's all i have to say.
I bought this phone to take with me to Africa and it has been a great purchase. It works very well and has not been a disappointment. I bought this phone from Wireless Experts in case you are looking for a reliable seller. I definitely recommend it. The only thing I have not been to pleased with was with the Windows operating system in the phone since I can't get some apps I used to get with an iPhone. But in general, this phone works great.
This is a good smart phone. It's not blotted with a lot of apps. The phone comes with windows 7 and will update to windows phone 7.5 or 7.8 depending which carrier you go with. My phone is running 7.8 and it works flawless. Yes this phone came out 3 years ago but it is still a very good phone!
I was confused and annoyed that the phone did not come with a memory card, but after getting reminders from other users, I realized that the phone was sold without the card. I accept it and no more complaint.I have used many phones, Android, Windows, high-priced and cheap-priced. Nothing really impressed me! meaning nothing is really ideal. For a $400-$500 phone, what I got was never as good as expected. I chilled my thought and decided that the functions I need do not need a high price tag. I need a decent voice volume and clarity, a small and light weight, a calendar. I do NOT texting or play games, I only need email and internet for emergency. Camera and video will be used on rare occasions. This phone offers everything INFUSE offers and only costs 2/3's of the price. The camera and video quality is so so, who cares, I do not rely on them. A good choice to have everything and SAVE THE BUCKS!
Great phone, I Love itWindows Phone 7 is so much better than Android and well, iOS just is not competition.Awesome display, great call quality, signal, camera etc...Apps, well you're not gonna find Android's 500.000 apps, but what you can find now is what you need, until now I had no problems with any app that I want and that I can't find on Windows Marketplace, but some apps I would like are just comming.Windows Phone Mango is the most easy to use mobile OS you're gonna find, much better than Android, iOS, Bada, Symbian etc...I love my Samsung Focus, I bought it from IndyCellular4Less and I received in perfect conditions totally new unboxed, and it came in a retail box with battery, Wall Charger and USB Cable,I have no complain with it.
I purchased this phone a few days ago to replace my LG Thrive. I researched the phone to double check it is compatible with AT&T's GoPhone Prepaid program and sure enough it is (AT&T sell this phone in their GoPhone section only at $499). The phone was delivered the day after in good condition and it was sold by BLUTEKUSA. The phone looks new and has no noticeable fingerprints or marks that would indicate it's been used, although the box it came in was obviously opened before. It came with the phone, charger, and a pair of headphones.The Samsung Focus is pretty easy to set up. It asks for date and time as well as a Windows Live ID which can be synced with later if so desired. The screen is beautiful, Super AMOLED making the display rich in brightness and color. There are physical buttons for the Power button, Camera, and Volume Control. It's plastic, so the phone is pretty light, although to the point where one might consider it cheap. The back is a thing plastic case that snaps onto the phone. Taking off the back is a bit on the scary side as I felt I might have snapped it the few times I tried. Overall the phone is a nice build just not one that screams high quality.The Camera takes really good pictures and I was impressed with the 720p video recording as well. Again, not high-end, but it's above average nonetheless.I updated the Samsung Focus to Windows Mango and the software is fantastic. The interface is easy on the eyes and is smooth. I have not seen any hiccups on this phone even though it only comes with 512mb ram, although that seems to be a restriction from Microsoft. To me, it has just as much polish as iOS (the operating system that the iPhone/iPad run) although it lacks a lot of the customization of Android (not really missing it). It integrates Facebook and other social network clients into one area and so far I love it. The keyboard is easy to use as well and have not had any trouble misspelling words.*Edit* Fixed problem with the SIM Card. This phone is excellent. Windows Phones are under appreciated.
Bought mine from, Unlocked Cellphone Kings for $247US.I must say this, I am more than happy with my purchase. It came in the original Samsung Box, no AT&T branding, I received a USB cable, an Earpiece, a Battery, the Device of course and a charger to power this beauty up.NOTE: (Its Unlocked as mentioned and also a world phone.)Along with this purchase, I also bought a Zagg Invisible Shield and installed it right after unboxing.Shipping only took 2 days and the packaging was done professionally.--Love my Samsung Focus.
I have a google nexus one and we purchased the samsung focus to relace my wifes dying iphone. I did alot of research and decided on the windows phone based on the occasional clunkiness of android. Though I really like the iphone, it's just too muchh $$ and a contract. We recieved the phone in new condition and at first having played around with it a little I really didnt like it that much. I updated to Mango which is cool, but it really took a week of playing with it to decide it really is a great phone. My wife uses her camera alot, and this one has a very good camera. I went out the other night and took some pics outside in the pitch black, I couldnt see what I was aiming at until the flash went off, but the pics were really good. Today we went to the beach as there was a big storm and we took pics side by side and the focus produced much better pics than my nexus one. There are a few things that I like better about android for sure. Live wallpapers for one, and the stupid colored tiles on windows. I mean really, gee I get to pick my color for by big tiles? thats it? I was hoping these "live" tiles would be like customizable to a much greater extent then they are. The other thing I dont like is the app store. It's niether layed out as well, nor does it have that many apps compared to the compitition. So, why five stars? well really it's about the phone. The screen is great, it's very responsive, excellent camera, great call or signal strength and the battery for us has not been an issue. I do like this windows OS. I'm really hoping they will s**t or get off the pot (microsoft) and dedicate themselves to developing this OS. It has that much potential. In general I hate most microsoft products, so I am really pleased even for it's shortcomings. All in all, considering the price it's really a five star phone.
This is my first windows phone.Before buying this phone I did some research in the net and I found quite better reviews about samsung focus amongst most windows phones. But I was little confused because I was a huge fan of HTC phones. After couple of days I finally went for Samsung focus.After using this phone, now I can say I made the right decision because I am loving it.Go for focus...........
I love the phone, its works perfectly but its too big and I'm not a fan of the shape either. Although the price was right.
This is a good phone, is really fast and slim. You have the mango update right away after you connected the phone to your computer. The screen is really good.The camera is really nice too, good pictures.Windows Phone 7.5 is really good, you got facebook and twitter integration. The zune marketplace for music and bing search that is really good, you can search for songs even if you don't know the names.Not everything is perfect battery life is only for one day, you have to charge it everyday. You don't have skype and sugarsync apps but they said they are coming soon.The bad part of Windows Phone 7.5 is that you need to integrate the memory card to the file system. Its not hot swap and also you cant transfer files with the memory card because it gets formatted during the integration process. TheThe only way to transfer files to the phone is by mail or skydrive. With the Focus you don't get the Hotspot feature.For the user that is in Venezuela you can use the marketplace, i am in El Salvador. You have to configure the phone in the regional settings for USA and also your Hotmail or live account for USA.If can live without the SD card is really a good phone that has really good features and can compete with android or IOS
This Phone is great!!!Highly recommended device with nice software and easy to use interfase.Upgraded to latest buid in few minutes as soon as Mango was available.Only USB cable was missing
This was a good purchase and I really like the phone. It takes great pictures and does good videos. Just as good as an apple and costs so much less. I have no regrets buying this phone.
Overall the phone was really good. The display was good. Even though it was used there weren't any scratches or dents visible.
awesome unlocked phone!! This phone is very easy to navigate, I would recommend this phone to anyone buying an older phone.
very good product is just what I expected, for the price I paid, I'm satisfied with the purchase, and would recommend to buy!
I don't use a smartphone much due to limited reception in my office area. But I like the features on a smartphone. So I didn't want to pay a lot or get stuck in a contract. I got this phone for about sixty on sale (wow, Amazon, that was pretty sweet!) and I'm delighted with it. It does more than my old Nokia X2 and I can always upgrade to full smartphone service if I need to. Right now, I have this on pay-as-you-go T-Mobile with my current SIM chip and don't do email or Web. I could change to PlatinumTel and even pay less on texting, and pay 10ct per 10MB of data--enough for email. I don't stream video or do internet on the phone--just need access to email on occasion.The setup was not bad, but took some time. I had the SIM chip (the T-Mobile) in the phone and was able to call and text. However, there was a bit of trouble with the reset--you hold the volume, the camera-on and the power buttons down simultaneously, and as soon as it vibrates, you release the power button but hold the rest until the REFORMAT screen appears. If you get the Download Mode Screen, you have to pop out the battery, power down (just powering down via the button doesn't work as it freezes at this point.) Then try again. I had to try quite a few times to get that screen up. The reformat is necessary for your SIM card to recognize the new phone.I was able to load the stored phone numbers from the previous phone, then access voicemail. The sound was a lot better than my previous phone and the operation on a touch screen is easy.I was not able to find a number of apps I wanted, as Windows Phone is not as popular as Android and that is not as popular as Apple. You'd think, with Windows OS being huge in computers, that there'd be more connectivity to phones, but it is definitely the 3rd best phone OS. Has a way to go.I was able to put it on my home WiFi and link the Bluetooth to my car handsfree system with no trouble at all.For the price, this is a great, functional phone. It isn't the be-all-end-all of phones, but for someone like me who is not a heavy cell phone user, it is delightful. I am very happy with it and I may either use my old Nokia as a backup emergency phone or donate it to those organizations who give phones to soldiers for calling home.
The phone is very lite and stays charged for many days. The phone works on tmobile, but the internet data doesn't.
just a month and stilll amazed witv this phone. Its excellent. Just concerned with its poor battery life . It depletes un 6 hours just surfing quickly few videos SMS and 4 short calls.
The phone itself is a little bit too thin to hold. A 4-inch screen is normal today, but I found it a little big for my thumb to touch the whole screen. The three buttons sometimes are too sensitive and it's easy to open up search application accidentally.The battery can only hold for about 12 hours, it is absolutely to buy a extra battery.In a word, it's a average WP7 phone and it's pretty natty if you don't care the amount of apps in windows market.
I am very satisfied with this phone. The only thing that could be better would be the availibility of phone settings. I think this is a limitation of the Windows Phone 7 O.S. On the one hand, since there are few settings, it is easy to set up. On the other hand, since there are few settings, you can not pick and choose when to use your data plan versus your WIFI during a specific action. It is on or off for WIFI, DATA, BLUETOOTH, AIRPLANE MODE. (My old Nokia had the ability to ask which network to use for every connection, which I liked.)While it defaults to WIFI when WIFI is present, it turns off WIFI in sleep mode to conserve battery life. I was kind of shocked to find that I used up 10 MB one night while I was asleep. A quick search finds this as a common complaint.I am on AT&T's Pay-As-You-Go plan, 10 cents per minute and I prepay for data, $5 for 10MB, $10 for 100MB, and $25 for 500MB. What I do is to pay $5.00 per month for the data plan, which rolls over my available data. This works out to about $100 every 6 months or so.There were no problems whatsover getting this phone up and running. It connects nicely with Microsoft's Skydrive. You can enter all of your contacts and calendar entries in Hotmail, and it syncs nicely with your phone, to give you a constant backup.Nothing bad to say, it looks great, there are plenty of apps available, and overall, it's a winner.Edit: There is one thing I'm not used to. There are no reminders for missed calls or text messages. So, I do have to keep looking whenever I am away from my phone.
This phone, coming from a previous Samsung phone user, is absolutely amazing. I have never had or even played with a phone this stellar. Previously I have had a blackberry, a galaxy and a gravity. There are many well created things that go along with this phone but at the same time, there are a few downsides. Here's a pros cons list to help out...Pros* Very nice screen, surpasses any other touch-screen I've used* Very easy to learn the functions included* A lot of customization options included in interface* Uses standard Micro-USB charger* Has X-Box live capabilities* A generous sized screen* Can use internet over WI-FI* Zune music and videoCons* Battery can sometimes only last for 24 hours* If on T-Mobile or other carrier besides AT&T cannot send or receive pictures* Low quality cameraAnother heads up would be that if you want to sign into your current X-Box live account, make sure to use the e-mail linked to that account or else it will set u up with an automatic account and you cant change it unless you proceed with a master reset :( i made that mistake when i first got the phone. Anyways overall, I would say that this phone is a 9/10 for battery use and X-Box live. I would HIGHLY recommend this phone if you are between two different ones.
First of all, let me begin by saying I was an early adopter of the iPhone, the first generation was a tank until dust got the best of it (under home button). Later on moving onto Android based phones and enjoying those as well. When there was a lot of positive feedback on windows 7.5 mobile and my other phone being drowned in beef stock. I decided to take the plunge with this little gem.Upon receiving the phone the packaging was no frills, and made me nervous. Before running the phone I charged the battery and installed an additional 8gb micro sd card I got for 19.99 (PNY MicroSD) because in the documentation WP7 takes over the SD card for good!The operating system takes up about 1.2 GB so keep that in mind.I love the fact that I can delete the ATT default applications since I am on TMobile pre-paid (50$ unlimited). Yes it is only limited to 2G (edge) speed.Updating the phones software was the only difficulty I had. While updating I got a backup error causing it to not update. I believe it was the front USB port I was using on my computer but at the same time I used a different Micro USB cable from my mytouch and plugged it in a usb port in the back of my computer. Once I did that I was able to apply the 2 updates through the Zune software (required)Anyway, setting up the phone was easy enough. Adding my google account synced up my contacts/calendar/email (important since I came from using android)Another important mention for tmobile users is that you have to go to the marketplace and install the Samsung Network Profile app and select tmobile usa. After that you can send and receive MMSThe picture on this screen is beautiful, the camera has a lot of customization features, the UI is simple and clean I couldn't be happier with this phone at this price point.
Phone cames with hands free earphones and travel charger, wich has a usb connector, so you use the same cable to charge device or connect to pc to transfer music, pictures, videos and software updates via ZUNE. ZUNE installs automatically when your windows seven detects the phone via windows update. contacts and calendar syncs with the microsoft cloud, so bye bye outlook and active sync, for good you dont need office license anymore to sync and backup your contacts and calendar, just an hotmail account and you are set.. i recommend for this matter to use a very strong password.
WP7 is the awesomest thing to come out of Seattle. Buy it.One gripe- when the screen is locked- wifi gets disconnected(to conserve battery) but data continues..so if you ve switched off data like me-push mail isnt exactly push.PROSEvery thing else.Believe me..this is such an awesome phone..but if u can pay a few dollars more..buy the Lumia 710..its 300 bucks unlocked and a second gen device..WP7 rocks.P.Sget the extended battery for 15$, makes you phone 10 times better.WP7 will rule the mobile space soon! Im a believer!
This is the best phone ever. If you are having problems with the app store: download the zune software: go to account settings> update> it will take forever to update from Windows 7 to Windows 7.5, but its worth it ;) App Store will also work afterwards
i rate the phone 5 stars because i like itwhat i dislike is that the box u pack it in was over too big and plus i did not get my head phones
Got this as a gift for my son and he loves it...said it was the best phone he's ever had since he was born, he only 14. LOL
Great solid phone. It is a bit old now ( released in 2010) but the Focus is very responsive and Windows 7.5 doesn't feel antiquated at all. Love it!!!
Like windows phone but love android better. Don't get the same apps as android or iOS, but overall it's a great phone.
me llego a tiempo muy bueno, excelente producto, era lo que esperaba .) h h hjh h m j uj
I bought this cellpgine to use it un Venezuela with Movistar. I das worried because the cellphone says AT&T bit it works well with Movistar others companies like Movistar. I like the cellphone. The camera takes incredible photos. It is my first time with Windows phone but it is like androide. The only thing that I do not like is that I cannot Call with Skype directly from my contact list. I used to do that with Samsung. Galaxy.
Purchased the phone for a relative who is in Europe. Shipped it off to her and she placed a sims card in it and works perfect.The phone arrived in its box with everything as stated by the shipper.
CREEN:The AMOLED screen is awesome! Much better than the iPhone, HTC and Motorola displays. It truly is amazing and works good in all conditions including outdoors. The Samsung Captivate (android phone) also has the same screen. If fact, Samsung is now switching all their future phones to use AMOLED.SOUND:The Speaker and call quality is very good. I have used a lot of phones and I can tell you this is the best yet. The speaker phone sounds just as good as a full size home phone. Compared to my daughters new iPod, the Focus speaker is way better, and she even admitted it.SPEED:Windows Phone 7 powered by the snapdragon 1GH processor is very fast. No lag, no screen delay, no issue flicking and scrolling. Fast internet browser as well.FEATURES:I am very impressed how polished Windows Phone 7 is, and I think its going to get better. Microsoft is putting a great deal of money into it and consumers get the reward. The Windows Phone 7 live tiles are so much better than old school icons on most other phones.SUMMARY:This phone is truly ahead of its time. There are people that will say the iPhone or Android is better, but that is only bias because they probably have never used this phone and compared the features I mentioned above. I am also looking forward to the WP7 mango update that has 500+ more features. This phone is amazing.
I like this phone but I use a Mac and can't update it. I downloaded an app to do this but it won't communicate back to the phone.I use a cheap phone system called Pure Talk USA. It's perfect for older people like me that don't use a cell phone much. However, when I put my SIM card in this phone it didn't work. I called Pure Talk and had a connection by the time I hung up. Wish I could update. I get a kick out of the voice function. I said "find British Pubs Ashland, Oregon" It gave me the pubs with telephone numbers and a location map. Wow! Voice works for everyone on my phone list as well. Just say, "Call so and so cell." It says, "Calling so and so mobile."
Awesome phone, simply amizing.Pros:-bright super amoled 4 inch screen-gorilla glass-light weight-solid construction-fantastic OS, smooth, fast, and the most important thing for me, bueauuuutifly designed-great price-fully updated with mango 7.5 osCons-reboots maybe once a week for no reason-too much plastic-IE slooow and no other option to choose
I'd really been looking forward to an escape from the Android OS and all the problems I had with it in the year since I began using my Samsung SG-I9000. Apple's iPhone was tempting because of its functionality, but it was so overly-hyped and trendy I had many second thoughts about it. I've used an iPhone here and there before and it was simple, but just didn't feel like something I wanted in the long-term. Windows Phone was already on the scene but there were no stores selling them at the time where I live, so after reading review after review, I decided to take a leap of faith and grab the Samsung I917, aka the Focus.The GOOD: First, the operating system is head, shoulders, torso, hips, thighs, knees, calves and ankles above anything else on the market. It's just so simple and intuitive, not to mention beautiful. And unlike Android, it's the exact same from device to device, so the user experience is consistent. Zune integration is beautiful. I can sync all my Zune music on my computer to my phone either by plugging in or over a wi-fi connection. I can also download from the marketplace over the air and then sync back to my computer next time I connect. The People tab is great because it lets me see what all my contacts are doing over social networks all in one place. The phone is also physically beautiful. I especially like the pinstriped back of the case. The device is thin and light and quick (after all, it's basically a first-gen Galaxy S).The BAD: The phone is pretty plasticy, and while it's actually pretty tough, I would really like to see Samsung put out a "pro" version made of duraluminum, like their Series 9 laptops are made of. I'm pretty rough on my phones, watches, etc, so I always appreciate rugged versions of products when applicable. The build quality is good but it just doesn't feel overly tough to me, which is the basis of my 4-star rating.The UGLY: Windows Phone marketshare. Seriously, this OS is so amazing, so beautiful, and so simple to use, this should have been 15% - 20% by now in my opinion. Give this phone a chance folks, you'll be glad you did. It's different, it's beautiful, and it's going to be around for a long time.
Two I917 purchases -- first one defective, inaudible ear volume. I did some online checking but was unable to determine if cell-to-ear volume was a specific model weakness. Three points from my ordering experience: 1) check the vendor's return policy before purchasing; 2) when you receive the order check the phone properties first--it's easy to become enchanted with smartphones to the point of overlooking the basic on ear use; 3) buyers should reflect on the liklihood that any unlocked cell listed is actually new.To date I've found my second phone to be sleek, with the Windows 7 system impressive. Apps are increasingly available and diverse, not the walled garden of Iphone.Of contacting Samsung: dealing with customer support (Samsung or any other) be aware you likely will interact with a rep--working from a script--who has no cellular expertise. Check the manual carefully before entering the customer service ordeal.You'll be directed through two corrections, soft reset, and if the problem remains, hard reset. (You can find both on any model via web search). If these two corrections fail you're at the point of sending the phone in for repair or returning to seller.If you do need to contact Samsung, I found Facebook easier than web site contact. Twitter is also an option.Sept. 2016 update: I'm getting ready to upgrade from the i917. The phone has held up with no problems. It pretty much comes down to your ability to live with the Windows system and apps. I've noted some apps available in android and Apple are not available for Windows phones.
great phone, many features, versatile, and quality. a very nice lled sensitive display. i was a little scafy having a smartphone, but this one is very friendly and useful. reception is great, sou d is great. and the price wasnt that high.
This phone is a high quality phone, however in due time it will be rendered obsolete. I only use it for Development. And, it's been rated in the top 10 on many other SmartPhone review websites. It was delivered with excellent packaging and a manual and extra protection on the screen and backside. If you plan on developing for the Windows Phone which has less than 2 percent of the entire phone market, then this cost-efficient phone is the one to get. Besides, with the popularity of the Iphone4s you may want to concentrate on iOS until the Windows Phone becomes worthy of Indie development. lolIn other words, the phone is great, however the OS is not quite ready to compete with Android or iOS at this point in terms of popularity. :)
I was a little concerned when I bought this phone.Since i got it, it is fast and so easy to adapt to Windows Phone.I installed Zune on my laptop and the updates went easily.Just miss the apps, could have more.
My first smartphone and really pleased to opt for windows over iphone or android. Phone has exceeded all my expectations.
I got this phone from "Unlocked Cell Phone Kings" and it appears to be just as new as it was advertised to be. It was a good value and connected to AT&T very easily. I am using a $25/mo. off contract plan that allows unlimited texting and 250 minutes a month. The wifi connections have been very solid, so I am happy with that I decided to save 30 dollars a month while still getting the majority of the functionality I was looking for.Design: 4/5Overall I like the design. I would have liked it to be made out of more durable materials, but it certainly looks good. The front is a solid flat surface and the back is grayish with pin-striping that really is well done. The back is curved slightly, which helps to prevent it from being too slippery as it could be, with it being made out of smooth glossy plastic. The screen is very bright, but is made of plastic, so it could easily get scratched.Performance: 4/5It is fast enough. Downloads don't take long, and I have never seen a stutter. It upgraded to Mango without any issues using the Zune software I already had on my laptop. It plays Netflix perfectly with no noticeable pixelation or lag. It could load a couple of things faster, but overall load speeds are quite decent. The OS masks any slowdowns it might have by using fanciful transition effects. Voice quality has been good, but there have been reports of echoing from people on the other end of the calls.Value: 5/5At $240 I will save $200 or more during my first year on AT&T, and $400 or more during my second year. I call that value.
the phone is completely value for money. I have updated the phone to Mango version and its amazing. Windows Phone has all of the useful maps in marketplace. Voice clarity is good. Camera is OK. the screen and UI are the best partPeople interested in tweaking the phone can do it by a method called window break. I have enabled a lot of features using that
The package arrived on time and it was brand new out of the box. For real, it was like I bought it brand new out the store.
i had some issues with it at first, and i'm a bit upset with the lack of apps, but all in all, it's a great phone, it's fast and very easy to use...so overall, a great purchase.
The phone itself seems to be new, however it comes with an older style charging cable only. I had to buy a data cable at at&t which doesn't seem to be the oem cable but rather a generic micro usb charge cable so I can't update the phone. This is a problem because i can't access the marketplace as this is 7.0 and is no longer supported. Otherwise it's a good price and a fast and snappy product.UPDATE: Just make sure you get the right sync cable or the computer won't recognize it. Amazingly smooth and quick especially after Mango update.
This product is in perfect condition and I loved it when I got it. It lasts for forever and everything shipped right on time. I'm happy with my purchase =)
Better than an I phone. Excellent phone. This phone is perfect if you are a windows fan. Only 1 draw back, (just my preference) is the ear speakers can be a little more on the volume.
Have only had it for 2 days but seems to work great so far. I purchased it new and it IS new. I can tell that it was only opened to unlock the phone. Awesome phone, definitely recommend it. :)
El equipo era el ofrecido. Entrega rápida. Lo tengo operando en colombia con la red de claro, muy buena velocidad. Es necesario actualizar el sofware con Zune, se actualiza a WP 7.5.La pantalla es muy buena , tiene gran resolucion, es muy completo el equipo.Por ahora lo unico malo que le veo, es el tema de la memory card, compre una con el equipo un kingston de 16 gb y ni siquiera la reconoce.
have made the switch from an android(galaxy ace 5830) to windows phone and have no regrets. the screen is large and crystal clear. the UI is clean, simple and runs flawlessly. web browsing is fast. moving between web pages, apps, calls, text is so smooth. the only thing i miss about my android is SwiftKey app! call quality and speaker volume are very good. it really needs some king of case because it is very light and slick. the only reason i gave a 4 instead of a 5 is due to the fact i can't send mms. this is because i use a straight talk sim for att. it does not allow mms on older windows phone. excellent value. not a huge issue for me as there are many other ways to share media. i had my android samsung for 1 year and current samsung focus for a week. it is a learning experience and i am getting to like it more each day. battery is longer lasting than my galaxy ace. just wanted to add that amazon has been fantastic. i initially recieved the wrong item from seller. amazon customer service had the correct phone sent out in 2 days and a refund credit given immediately. service above and beyond.
Perfect Phone. Thanks.The AMOLED screen is awesome! Much better than the iPhone, HTC and Motorola displays. It truly is amazing and works good in all conditions including outdoors. The Samsung Captivate (android phone) also has the same screen. If fact, Samsung is now switching all their future phones to use AMOLED.
Great, gorgeous looking phone, sharp camera, love the Windows 7 based OS, this one does the job as expected too; highly recommended, at that price, this one is no brainer, just go out and get one! added a mini SD card (32) et voila! one caveat, would be the battery, that I have to charge virtually on daily basis, but once you get used to, no problem.
just brilliant the way the windows OS in this phone integrates all your stuffs i.e social networks, mails, etc, the 1 ghz processor is quite proficient, you can actually see movies from streaming sources with no problem, two importants things were improved in newers versions that this one haven't: front camera and ecualizer integrated available when you are listening music, the bad news is the battery incluided doesn't last long, but you can buy a 3500 ma extended one and solved problem!!, i plenty sure this phone has the best cost/benefits relation ever for all smartphones i've owned.
Phone was shipped and arrived early. New in the box. I put in the SIM card and it worked right away. No problems so far with talk, text, and WIFI.
I bought this pone over a year ago and I still working perfect, is small, great design, the camera takes great quality pictures for 5MP
well, i can say that your product is so great and for me is working exelent ,have a very usseful aplications and wonderfull software...
after restore to the facktory settings it was easy connect to ZUNE....Everyting i do...its running perfrectly, update possible.The pc does recognize the phone, its just awesome!
My son talked me into this phone and I am so glad he did. LOVE IT!!! And yes, an old dog CAN learn new tricks :)
A good, unlocked smartphone that meets all and more that I need to stay connected. Also, the price is quite reasonable.The design is attractive and the sound is perfect.
Even dough it is a quad-band phone...it won't work with some networks.After I bought it and try to use it in Canada...all networks operate on 1700MHZ (WIND and MOBILICITY) did not work! Very user friendly.....if it works.Ps: Amazon.com were great with shipping.
If you are wanting to give a Windows smart phone a try this phone I highly recommend it. It's a nice solid phone. I've had mine for 4 months and I'm still pretty happy with it. The back is plastic with good looking pinstripes and some might complain that adding a certain cheapness to it but I disagree. It still looks great and very easy to remove if necessary and if made from metal would only increase overall weight and probably be a little trickier to remove having to line up slots just right. As it is it snaps off and on with ease. The overall feel is good and solid with nice curved edges making it a good looking phone as well. The 5 mega-pixel camera takes good pics too. The Super-Amoled touchscreen is great and easy to see in almost all light conditions even under a bright sun.The Windows os; as far as I can tell I like it. I can't comment on the Android or ios as I haven't used them. I can only say that what I've read is that Android is a mess. It is by far the most popular and looks like it will be for sometime. It appears that Google has very low if any standards in place for phone manufactures. Many of them with the hardware needed to fully run Android. Windows has placed standards on how Windows phones should be made so they run smoothly with little or no issues and at the same time keeping requirements at a level to keep accessible to most consumers. Most comments I've read about I phones is that while at one time cutting edge are not anymore as their platform is getting stale, have run out of ideas, running on brand only. Windows was designed with the user in mind to have an interface easy and intuitive to use and customizable enough for almost everyone and have become the one with the ideas now.There are some caveats I'd like to point out. The button placement could be better. The lock-screen button is directly opposite of the volume and too easy to press when trying to adjust volume. The light sensor works and locks the screen when making a phone call but not when putting it in a pocket or purse. It won't automatically lock itself leading to pocket calls, pictures of your pocket and voice commands. The only way to prevent this is to remember to press the lock-screen button. One of my fears is this button wearing out fast from having to use it so much. Most of these phones will be AT&T phones so be prepared. They have Windows 7.5 and no plan or talk to release any update. There are several work-arounds to this. One being to plug phone in to computer, start the Zune software, click on phone update under the settings then unplug the internet connection from the computer after 2 or 3 seconds. It's real tricky to say the least and one that I couldn't ever get to work. There is a cab file to download on your computer and do it that way. The easiest is an application called seveneighter that will do the whole thing for you. I used that method a month ago without any problems.I recommend going to the windowsphone subreddit for any help you might need. Samsung has a user manual available on their website with many tips and information not available anywhere else. Windowsphonehacker.com has the seveneighter file that I mentioned to update your phone with great help articles as well.
A brand new Samsung Phone Focus as advertised. Took the sim card out of an old HTC, put it in the unlocked Focus and we're back in business for a little over $100. Has more options and programs than I know what to do with even playing on the internet. Thanks Wireless Experts!!! Don Huber
I have owned a Samsung Focus for two and a half years now. It was my primary phone until the Lumia 920 came out in November. Since then, I keep my Focus around when I travel out of the country and in situations where I would not want my primary phone to get lost or damaged.My first Focus lasted over 18 months, surviving frequent drops, tosses, pockets with keys, heavy rain and other disasters. This is much better than any cell phone I had used up until that point. I finally managed to crack the screen dropping down some cement steps. I replaced it with an HTC Surround, which barely lasted 4 months under the same conditions. After the HTC phone died, I went and got a new unlocked Focus on Amazon.Though tough, the phone is a finger print magnet. It also feels really cheap and lightweight. For all their cool kit inside, Samsung never produced a phone that looks and feels as expensive as it is.The hardware on the phone was great in 2010, and still feels pretty good today. The AMOLED screen is bright and very vibrant but a little pixelated. The Sound is pretty good. The phone uses NAND memory, which is faster than many SD card based phones. There is an expandable SD card slot (the only Windows Phone 7 device to have one), and the removable battery is a huge plus when traveling.Tinkerers will like the Focus too. That SD card comes in handy, and the unlocked boot loader allows you to flash custom Windows Phone ROMs. You won't be getting Windows Phone 8, but you can flash to 7.8, however. Right now, there are only a few games and apps that require WP8 (Temple Run, Modern Combat 4 are two examples).At $100, this phone is less than half the cost of a budget Lumia 520. The phone is certainly cannot keep up with high end phones today, but it does not feel slow or obsolete like Android phones from 2010.
This is by far a great windows phone 7.5 experience. Great screen right size form factor. The only down fall is Samsung will not update to 7.8
I bought this phone as a replacement for a defective BLU Dash 4 android phone that I had to return. Have to say, for a 3 year old phone (updated to Windows 7.5) this is a much better product. Highly recommended if you can pick one up at the $100 dollar price point.
WAS NOT happy at first because we could not get the back to stay on. Had to get younger generation to do it. I love it now; the pictures are beautiful
I have an android phone, and this one I ordered for my dad, who was looking for something interesting, easy to use and CHEAP, so I ordered the focus, and WOW, now I am hooked with the smooth and nice operating system and excellent pics and videos. I'm ordering a new one for me hehe... 100% recommended, and works just fine in Venezuela
Great purchase. Took the phone to India and it works right out of the box.Unlocked: YesThe sound quality is amazing for a phone and so is the camera..My friend has the samsung omnia and the focus tops it in every aspect except for the plastic casing which seems to be of poor quality. Was able to update it to Mango in no time. Bluetooth seems to have some issues but havent tried to test it completely.
I asked for a speedy delivery and got it! Great phone and OS. I especially like the fact it has MicroSD capability. 3G is fine by me. Camera is adequate for all of my needs and Windows ROCKS! Fast. Smooth. Apps work with my PC. Call volume is fine. Came as advertised. "This is the second one I've bought (my son's then mine); and my wife asked me to buy her one after seeing mine! As you might expect I love these phones!"
It works better than described. Social integration along with the zune marketplace for apps and music is perfect for my needs.
I have now had the phone for a day. The build is great, screen is beautiful and the O/S is really nice, clean, well thought out and intuitive. I would say this is about as good as an iPhone competitor as one might find-in some ways, even better. I do have one serious problem with the phone though...many web sites do not render properly! Would anyone know why? Is it a setting or the way the phone was built? If I can not figure it out, I will have to return the phone. I can deal with the lack of apps but at this point, I can not deal without a better functioning browser. Thanks for your help.I have now used the phone for about 2 weeks on a regular basis...no problems with web rendering...I don't know what was wrong. I bought this phone as an unlocked phone to use on GSM when traveling and now I have a problem; when I am home, I use a iPhone on Verizon..( I did have iPhones on AT&T previously), but now that I am home it is difficult to decide which I prefer, the iPhone or the focus. In many ways the windows phone is actually easier to use then the iPhone. The only downside for now seems to be the lack of apps on the Windows phone but I am sure, that will change. Of course the other consideration when home is the fact that Verizon's service is much better then either tmobile or AT&T. Either way, the windows o/s is top notch and given a bit more time, could easily present a challenge/alternative to a iPhone. By the way, I have also used a Droid Pro previously and I must admit, I prefer the windows o/s versus android!
I have been using this phone for about two months by now. Before I bought the Samsung Focus I owned the HTC Surround, Apple's iPhone 3GS, and HTC Touch Pro. I will review not just the phone, because I think the OS is also very important when talking about a WP7 Phone.Dimensions and Characteristicsthe screen size is bigger than iPhone's 3G or 4G. Talking about image quality, I prefer the Focus, the image is brighter and color look awesome. This phone is really slim and light, the opposite of HTC Surround, which is much thicker and heavier because of the sliding speaker. The built in camera is good and you have a good flash light also which is nice to have when taking pictures in dark ambience, but of course, the image quality is much lower than using a digital camera.User InterfaceMicrosoft has done a great job redesigning the screens in WP7 (now WP7.5) with "Metro". You will see that the icons (which are called tiles) in the main screen are "alive" and are not static icons like the iPhone or Android or Blackberry. The tile gives you information about your contacts or a group of contacts (updates from Windows Live, Facebook, My Space, Messenger, Twitter and LinkedIn). Now many applications are using live tiles to give you specific information so don't have to launch the app to see some important information. Also live tiles make the main screen more attractive... I like them.Zune vs. iTunesAfter using iTunes for several years, I just realized that if you don't have an Apple's computer, then you will have some troubles using iTunes (at least that's my experience). I have to say that I like Zune much more than I like iTunes. Zune is all about multimedia, the user interface is really nice, full of watermarks which change depending of what you are viewing and that makes you enjoy using the software, the opposite feeling when I use iTunes which I consider boring and I use it because I have to in order to synchronize my iPod.TouchscreenI think Focus' touchscreen responds better than iPhone's 3GS or 4G. The screen responds incredible fast (compared to iPhone) and touch is very accurate (much better than I got in Touch Pro... I can't even compare them!)Marketplace vs. AppstoreIn Ecuador the items you can purchase from Appstore is very limited due copyright terms (but Apple opened many items last week for Ecuador). In US you will find a lot of more applications in Appstore than Marketplace, even though Microsoft is doing a great job with developers, but there is a long way to go. I would really like to have applications in Marketplace like Google Maps (even though you have gMaps) and Skype (which has been announced to be delivered be the end of 2011). If you think the applications are something really important when you have to pick your phone, then I recommend that you look at Zune or Marketplace if those applications you really like are available for WP7. If the application is not in available, then you can check at developer's forums if there are any plans to develop the software, but now you can find almost every great application in WP.KeyboardIf you are used to type using a built-in keyboard (like Blackberry 9300 or similar), then you will have some troubles while you get used to type on the screen. iPhone's and HTC's keyboard work pretty much the same, both respond fast and the size of the letters are good enough to type without making many mistakes. You can turn on the grammar checker that helps you to correct misspelled words (several languages now with Mango Update). Even though 99% of the time I write in Spanish, I have to say that the spell checker works great.Office HubI expected more from WP7 Office hub. The office applications are extremely basic and I still don't know how to synchronize documents from the phone to the PC (without using Skydrive), or transfer files from the PC to the Phone.ConclusionIn conclusion, I am not an expert about phones; but I have used several models and OS and I really like WP7 (which is completely different of Windows Mobile. WM was the worst OS I have used!).With Mango Update (also known as Windows Phone 7.5) you can create groups of your contacts and pin the group to the home screen. Since you can link information from Messenger, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter of your contacts, live tiles will tell you if anyone of your contacts in the group has shared something in any of those networks and you can make any comment or share anything you want without using any app, because everything is integrated in the OS, but not everything is perfect, now I have to charge the phone twice a day, actually now I have a charger at home, at office and the car (I hope there is a way to fix this because the battery lasts some time 5 or 6 hours, if you play a game then it will last 1 hour).In the Message Hub now you can send messages not only using the regular SMS, you can send messages to your contacts in Messenger and Facebook Chat. The phone will let you know if the contact you are writing to is connected to one of those two networks (or both), otherwise it will suggest sending a regular SMS.I am really happy with this phone and I don't find any reason to go back to iPhone or change to Android. I also think this phone is better than HTC Surround due to a better screen, is lighter and has a better camera.
I have a T-Mobile month-to-month plan. I popped in my T-Mobile SIM card and the phone was good to go.I think my phone came with a defective battery: it takes over four hours to charge. I'm looking to get that replaced.The AMOLED screen is amazing. The system is fast, responsive, and looks great. It's programmed in C#, if you're into that sort of thing :-). But I'll skip all the awesome stuff that you've already read about. Let me mention a few of the current downsides.* You must use Microsoft's Zune software to manage music.I prefer mp3 players which act like USB drives. I.e. you plug them in and your filesystem browser displays the contents as regular folders and files. This Windows Phone doesn't work this way.There is apparently some registry hack to work around this, but it would be nice if Microsoft supported this out of the box.* No sleep timer - There are a couple of free ones on the marketplace, but they aren't ideal.* No FLAC support* No OGG support* T-Mobile users: Sending pictures in texts doesn't seem to work.* T-Mobile users: Seems like the data speed is limited to 2G. I don't have a high-end data plan so I'm not so concerned about this. The Wi-Fi speeds are great of course.UPDATE 2011-12-14* I got picture texts to work by installing the Samsung Network Profile app and selecting 'T-Mobile' in it's configuration.
This is my third Samsung focus, I love it. have tried other Samsung they do not compare to the focus.Phyllis Jacksonville Il
Good cellphones for the price. Doesn't feel too flimsy. Sound is OK.
Great phone for 2010, now it seems outdated.
I like it, but the "back button" does not work.
I was in the market for a new unlocked smartphone (for international travel) but didn't want to splurge $500-700 on an Iphone or Galaxy S. I stumbled upon the Focus and decided to give this Windows Phone a try. I'm glad to say that overall I've have a good experience with the phone, features (email, live tiles, facebook integration), and capabilities. I would now be interested in moving up the Windows Phone ladder with some of the Windows 8 offerings.
im very impressed with this phone.the battery life was a huge importance to me since i have had terrible luck with battery life in the past with other phones.especially blackberrys..it lasts atleast 15 hours on average!! it does take a bit longer to charge because it does have a large battery pack.but since smartphones use more power.it kinda needs the large battery.browsing the internet on it is amazingly fast and doesnt crash back to the home screen a lot like the iphones have done to me so many times.the speaker phone is loud and clear.the display is extremly beautiful.wow.the only thing i wish it had wich is no big deal is have a front camera because taking a pic turning the phone around decreases accuracy.but oh well everything else makes up for it.there are so many pros than cons.i have my xbox live account synced with it so when i tap the xboxlive app tile it shows my avatar.i can customize that right from the phone.look at whos on there xbox and what they are playing! you can even write them messages to them on there xbox from your phone! the flash is very bright.it can even make taking pics outside in complete darkness and light up everything in the photo unlike a lot of phones that light things up but not like its daylight.everything about this phone destroys apples iphones in every way to me except the library of apps.they have the important ones to my liking.but they are growing!! my facebook is synced with my contacts list and so every contact i put in is link with there facebook with everyones status update next to there names and profile pic.this phone is just convenient in a lot of ways.i totally recommend it.
I can say for sure that it's the best phone I've ever had. The features are great, is very beautiful and easy to use. I installed a 16 Gb micro SD memory card type 4 and works perfectly. I have all my main email accounts, social webs, Skype, all I need and some extra applications and I'm very happy with it. Is very fast phone. I only suggest that when you have WiFi connection available and if your data plan is not very big, you can disable data plan on configuration and use WiFi while you can. Updates can consume a lot of your mb data plan in just minutes. And always carry your usb cable with you because while using data it consumes a lot of your battery...but that normally happens with all the smart phones I've had.
This product words wonderful .... It's was brought as a replacement for my daughters first Focus phone ... And she loves it
Got this phone and the features in windows are awesome.No apple, no berries its just windows :)Just that the battery does not last long with 3G and wifi connected.
this phone is awesome, and windows phone 7 is a very stable op system. i love this phone. puts my old nokia e71 to shame, though the nokia is a good phone. HOWEVER, when I received the phone and proceded to update, it wouldn't cooperate i researched the issue on the internet, and it seems to be a common problem turns out that my phone had demo firmware on it well, instead of contacting the seller and going through that mess, i found the retail ROM online. i ended up using a rom sender and switched the demo with the retail, and it updated right away. i can't say if the seller was aware of the demo firmware being on the phone, but be carefulif your phone turns the screen on by itself every couple of minutes, chances are you have a demo model. I decided to put a custom rom on it, and it is the best phone I have ever hadif you want a custom rom, use keywords "dark forces team" or "voluptuary" i have voluptuary's on mine.definitely a good phone for the money, and wp7 is awesome!!!
This Cell Phone arrived in perfect conditions, in the correctly time with all accessories. It's very nice and good cell!!
Okay, So I ordered my phone from Amazon Warehouse. I got my phone, and learned it was not unlocked; however, if a person were to do a simple google search, there are many instructions on how to do this very easily! To give a product 1 star just because it didn't come unlocked seems very unreasonable.The phone itself is great. I have no contract currently, but using existing wifi I am able to download apps, music, games, and many more things.I only removed one star because it did not come unlocked but I do not feel it should be a score of 1 star.I was able to unlock the phone myself, but I will not give out the instructions, like I said, google is your friend.The phone is responsive and sleek. The plastic is a little cheap, but not by much. The screen can be wiped of finger prints easily. I am going to be getting a screen protector and a case for this phone later on. A lot of the windows games that play on this phone seem to do okay. Some of the real knew games lag a bit but I feel it is still good quality.Because this phone is refurbished, I thought I would get it with some scratches or blemishes. This is not so. It came without any problems! I was very surprised.Amazon Warehouse rules!If a person has the money, get this phone but if you have even MORE money, get an android or apple product because their stores have millions of apps and games while windows is still building theirs.
Purchased two unlocked phones but only one came unlock. Contact seller and received code to unlock phone. After numerous attempts I was able to unlock phone. I am now please with my purchase. I was going to return phone but decided to keep phone.
Fast, great camera with a very good quality of the photo. Nice capacitive touch. The bad side is the poor market place of the windows.
My phone seems lovely, but did arrive locked! After reading the usual babble on the web I simply called AT&T and within one minute I had the unlock code.
This is really light, just got it for my bro and I am thinking whether to send it to him or tell him I am still looking.
excellent product, i would recommend this for others.The amoled display is awesome, Its a light weight phone , very good rear camera
I ordered the Samsung Focus I917 unlocked phone because the price was good and I wanted to test out Windows 7 OS. My carrier is Consumer Cellular and a 2nd sim card from them was free plus adding the phone to my account is just 10 dollars a month. I received the card and phone on the same day, inserted the card and voila, I was making calls. Before doing that I inserted a 32 gig microSD card so now I have a ton of memory to work with. Setting up wireless with my home network was a snap and using the USB connection to download the updates and apps I want was easy (GPS, Google stuff, etc.). I had to download those things because the phone is pre-loaded with AT&T proprietary apps and no AT&T account, no working apps. The nicest surprise I got was that Windows office is preloaded. I had to set up Skydrive on my both my home PC and the phone but now I can download and edit documents (word, excel, powerpoint) whenever I like. What wasn't nice was that cellular data connection wasn't working. At first I was blaming it on the phone not being unlocked but that wasn't the case, a call to Consumer Cellular support and 5 minutes later I was using my cellular data connection to the web. So, bottom line: its not going to be perfectly set up out of the box and may require working with your carrier service but once its set up, its great. If you have to consult with your cellular carrier you'll need your IMEI number. It'll speed things up if you already have it and you can get it by dialing *#06# on your phone and writing down the number for their use. Oh, you need to install ZUNE onto your PC, I'm not particularly impressed with it but its no big deal, I only use it to sync music anyway.
A very useful phone, if you are getting used to the windows operating system. Has amazing features for the price
Pros1) Operates in much the same manner as a scaled down Windows/PC computer.2) Expandable Memory.3) Update to 7.5 Mango operating system (download online for free, just search on bing, ask, or google.com) and can use Skype.4) Internet Explorer with up to six simultaneous tabs.5) Wi-Fi.6) Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint7) Bluetooth.8) Speakerphone voice quality is accurate.9) Microphone and speaker for phone handset to head functions well.10) Compact, sturdy.11) Hotmail synchronizes with account accessible via computer.12) Can open and read pdf attachments.Cons1) Flash player functionality not supported. (However, most youtube, cbs 60 minutes, wall street journal videos are viewable)2) When using skype you may infrequently experience echo, to circumvent the the echo use a Jabra Tour speakerphone with bluetooth pairing which has noise cancelling software. If your are using this phone to make calls without skype (AT&T or other compatible carrier -- there will be no echo problems and the Jabra speakerphone will not be necessary).
loving it since the functionality exceeds pricing. lets hope i'm able to upgrad it to 7.5. So far it is the best windows 7 phone.
This Samsung Focus i917 Unlocked Phone is affordable and dependable. The camera and video works good for me. It is unlocked and it works perfectly for my international texts
being a phone that came out 2 years ago it still holds up among the latest today. i got it on sale so it was a no brainer. the screen looks amazing. for the price why not buy this phone
The firstone I got was dead quickly returned and got another one. Works great so far. Up graded OS to 7.5 easilyand got a few apps that all work well and run fast. I use the phone mainly as a phone and I must say the sound quality on calls both ways is the best I have ever had on a cell phone. In the past I have had Nokias, Motorolas, LGs and other Samsungs but none of them have ever come close to the call clarity and volumn as this Focus.
I just got this phone and I really really like it. The only thing i Don't like that much is the microsd doesnt work as other platforms you have to wipe the phone and you are not supposed to remove the microsd card once installed. The amoled screen is amazing, the phone is really quick. I just put side by side with lumia 610 and this is the clear winner. I used to have a Blackberry 8520 :S the worst BB available,About the seller Cell Lounge Inc. I like the customer service. I got one lg e900 that worked perfectly out of the box. but the samsung focus was blocked. So I contacted them and they submited the unlock code in less than 1 day. Now it is working really fine.
First I have to say that if you love taking photos and showing them on your phone, this is THE ONE! The phone is slightly larger than expected so it gives you a HUGE screen on which to display your photos with gorgeous color, sharp details, a truly impressive display. Plus it gives you a way-better camera than usual. It's a thrill.There are so many other things to like about this phone that I'll just mention a couple:VIRTUAL QWERTY: once I got used to where my fingers needed to be, it was a huge relief after inputting text on those tiny buttons -- not to mention how the word suggestion sped up the process. The touch screen is very easy to use, especially if you type your message in landscape.WP7 OS: Especially for a newbie, getting to know the phone was a breeze with the intuitive WP7 OS. I hardly had to refer to the manual for instructions.I was also pleased that the phone came with a battery, USB cable, charger, and earpiece.
the title of this product is unlocked phone, but at the pictures of this phone, i can see very well the logo of AT&T on the top, i can not understand why the pictures include AT&T, but finally, i love this phone, the original price was $399, but right now is $109, MMMUUUUAAA AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
It's a great device, faster and long battery life. The camara of 5 MB pixeles is fantastic.I strong recommend it
I have this phone for a few months, still working perfecly for every function. the only problem is that it's hard to connect to PC for updating system at very first time. I tried many PC, finally work at my old XP window PC. The other issues is windows phone has much less App.
really good price,,we send it to my mother in law to argentina unlocked and it works great over there,,best thing ever
I love my new Samsung Focus cell phone. This is my first smart phone and I am on AT&T go phone plan. So I just removed my card from my old phone and installed it in this one and all was fine. I also installed a 32GB card in the phone and reformatted the phone and all is great.
This phone is incredible, and for $100 you're getting a screaming deal. I think the windows phone software is really really nice, and the screen on this phone fits it very well. With an AMOLED screen, black is actually black, so in many respects, the screen beats out even iphone screens. True the resolution is a bit lower, but the infinite contrast ratio is hard to beat. It takes great pictures, it's quick. I just wish I could use google as my default search engine, and I miss Siri sometimes.This phone uses the same bands as the iphone 4. That means that those of you hoping to use it on T-mobile will have 3G in some places, (everywhere T-mobile has "refarmed" their towers to work on 1900Mhz.)
My phone sucks...I was wanting to get me a new phone and found this one....yeah!!! Then my son dropped and shattered the screen on his phone...he got the new windows phone, I still have a crappy phone. boooo!!
good celular too good price, is similar than lumia 720 but with small price and memory sd.I think that the windows phone have future in the world of smartphone and this is a good product
For $200 off contract I thought this phone was a bargan, and I was right. The phone Is incredibly responsive. The mango update has added many features, the camera takes great pictures in low light. My only critisim is that No usb charging cord was included so I had to wait for a new one to come in mail before I could update to Mango. I replaced my Tmobile mytouch 4g for this phone and it was one of the best Choices I made. My only annoyance is that I'm using a tmobile sim card and since it is AT&T it doesn't support tmobile 3G bands. This means the Internet can be rather slow at times. Overall, I would suggest that EVERYONE buys this phone because it has so many features for such a low price.
nice phone and very easy interface . zune application is simple and i installed mango update with no effort . also i managed to use 32 gb micro sd card .
Samsung Focus I917 Unlocked Phone with Windows 7 OS, 5 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black
The phone is wonderful in almost every aspepct. Windows Phone is always snappy and easy to use and understand. The camera, screen, sound are very good. The battery can make it through the tought business days. The phone is also very light :). The shipping of the phone was very fast and even earlier than expected.
Bought the samsung focus and i just wanna say i love everything about it, except the fact that it doesnt connect to 3g with tmobile :( i love the colors on the screen and how everything is set up. Upon opening the pbox and turning it on, i received and update for the software which was a big plus, so i now have copy and paste..Def a must buy!!!
Excellent experience all around. Delivery was quick, everything came as advertised, and the phone is terrific. If people would get over their Microsoft hangups they would see what a great platform Windows Phone 7 is.
For sure is not an Iphone, but is good to be different.The phone is fine, nice ad works good!Some good specs like radio and the camera
This cellphone is incredible, is excellent, nice display, connection with exchange very simple, really is awesome.I can see all about your social networks, link contacts, play xbox games, listen music, the camera 5mp is wonderful
Bought this for my father 9 months agoAnd phone surprisingly still going strong .He loves it great for beginner smartphone userIt's stuck on windows 7.5 so of u looking for 8 or up then don't buy .but for a beginner smartphone user who wants to dip his feet into the smartphone world without any of the bells and whistkes other phones have then this is great .( at time of purchase price was great )
Still works perfect. I've had it for several months (maybe a year actually). Love it! Does everything I need. I especially love the voice command option to use with my headset.
Amazing price and quality from Amazon Marketplace. The Super AMOLED is awesome and Microsoft's modern UI is fresh. Bought this to run without a sim to enable checking work email on-the-go as my company made users put oppressive software on your iPhone to connect to Exchange. Wish Microsoft had supported the first round of Windows 7 phones longer. Mainly wish that the improvements to the browser were provided to old handsets.
This phone is great.It functions well with my laptop,being windows 7 also is a plus.Simple to use,updated to 7.5 easily.Was already a Zune fan and this works well for my music also. Plenty of apps available. Overall,simplicity being the key.
I was treating a family from El Salvador to a Justin Bieber concert in Guatemala and they told me that I needed to purchase an unlocked cell phone for my trip. It was love at first sight. This phone is so sleek. The instructions booklet says that you need to buy a micro memory card that is Windows compatible so I went to an AT&T store (since the phone says AT&T) and they tried to sell me a non-specfic SanDisk 32g micro memory card that made no mention if it was Windows compatible for around $60. I went down the block to Radio Shack and they had an Ultra SanDisk 32g micro memory card that said it was Windows compatible for $28. I used the phone to call back home many times without any problems. My friends took many photos and videos at the concert and they all came out crystal clear. Even the ones that the kids took. I had every intention on giving this phone to my friends when I was leaving to go back home. It was the best purchase I ever made. I purchased it for less than $100 and it is worth so much more. They love it and they use it every day.
this is a great phone. I love it very much. It is just great for my level of service since I have a pre-paid phone. Nothing to complain about so far.
The phone came a day earlier than expected which was great! When I opened the box I wasn't expecting to find such a sleek phone. It exceeded my expectations. It's light and the screen size is huge. It reminds me of the Samsung Galaxy without the hefty price tag. I'm typing this review on my new phone which is awesome. I'm doing more on this phone and neglecting my Samsung Galaxy tablet.The only con so far is that the Bluetooth is for hooking up headsets and the like and not transferring files, that's a bummer. Other than that, it's a great phone and the dealers are truly "Goodguys"! Absolutely wonderful phone. The windows OS is new to me but I'm loving it too.
this phone is proving to be an outstanding item...not only does it pull it a consistent signal...but the pre-loaded applications does not pull in alot of data which makes it easy on the budget...
Bought this as I am a WinPhone 7 developer. Overall, the phone didn't disappoint, but the OS can be made much better. On the other hand, the OS is decent, may be lack of good apps in the store for WP7.
I bought this phone at first for me and love it, then I bought it for my family members and we all using it - it has evrerything that smartphone needs and the price is not hight; it works perfect
super easy to use. its an ausome smartphone. i use an at&t go phone sims. $25 plan i go right now and there is no problems. its big on techs without the high price. big screen, thin phone, its light. best phone ever!
My son wanted a "phone like yours, mom", so we ordered it. Easy to use Win7 phone is extremely intuitive. My 19 year-old loves it and can't imagine life without it now.
This was my first time buying a 'unlocked' phone on amazon so I was a bit worried. I read that it can use any provider as long as it has a sim card. I use a provider that is local based only so I was somewhat hesitant, but it works like it said it would. It came when the delivery said it would and I've been fiddling and adding contacts so far. I like how fast it is and it definitely doesn't seem like a 'older' smartphone. It's very sensitive, which I had to get used too. It also doesn't seem like it can break easy and isn't really flimsy. I like the design of it, but I'm a bit disappointed that I can't use the AT&T GPS without signing a 10 dollar a month free. That's not really that big of a deal as there's a built in app called "Maps' That does basically the same. It finds your locations very quickly and is basically like a map quest. The Wifi works perfectly as well and it's pretty fast. Overall I'm pleasantly surprised and would buy another unlocked phone on here! I really like the phone so far and can't wait to fiddle around with it more!
The delivery was stressful, being I paid for EXPRESS delivery and It still arrived at the standard speed.. So that SUCKED!!! Then, packaged was recieved well, brand new, everything included as stated, nothing more, nothing less. At first glance after turning it on and having my network run it, I will admit slight disappointment, being that without its update, the phone is pretty much locked from all it's features; in other words, you will REQUIRE a windows computer with Internet access in order to do its software update. However, once all that is done with, this phone is AMAZING!! I never had a windows phone previous to this one, but I don't think I'll ever go back to Android, Blackberry, nor IOs ever again!!!! Windows is definitly the future!! Am a fully satisfied costumer, though the minus 1star is for the delivery process!
I bought two of these phones. They are too good for such a low price. I've had several phones but this is only next to my iPhone 5. The two people I gave them to have requested for 2 more. In this case I have ordered for 3 so as to give away one myself.Please do not increase the price; I shall buy more.Moses Musaazi, Kampala, Uganda.
I started using it just last week. It has exceeded my expectation , i must say. It was released in 2010 , but it was infact much ahead of time, no other contemporary phone is still as smart as it is. The body is sleek , easy to handle. Camera and video quality is excellent. Touchscreen can not be any better.Lots of app are available , so definitely i would recommend anyone who wants to buy a smartphone at a reasonable price. 8 gb internal memory is a plus, as no other unlocked phone at this price offers such a big amount of internal storage. However , you may face some problems using external sd card.The phone came with windows phone 7.0 operating system. The apps were not available then , because 7.0 is a too old operating system to render the current web pages. Then i upgraded it to 7.8 , the change is amazing. Now, it's just like a new phone released 4 months ago.
Shipped fast, phone was in great shape and working order. Slight burn-in on the screen from the screen being on for too long but nothing really major. Great product and service!
Purchased this as direct replacement to the same model I previously owned. Originally this was one of the first Windows 7 phones available but is easily upgradeable to Mango. This phone works flawlessly. The size and form factor feels and looks great. It's not too big like most newer phones and its rounded corners make it very easy to lug around in your pocket or hand. I wish these companies would continue to make cell phones similar to the styling of this.
Time for the review. In short, I am very happy with my purchase. I was under the false impression that smart phones were very expensive and the data packages were still $20-25 extra a month. You CAN turn data on this phone OFF (Settings, Cellular, Data Connection) and just use the WI-FI but I chose to have a package that allows me some browsing at only $10 extra a month.This is with T-mobile.This phone does not come with a computer cord, and there is already an update available for it, so I strongly recommend purchasing a USB cable for it so you can update immediately. WITHOUT THE UPDATE, YOU CAN'T ACCESS APPS. The updates are free.I also could not get picture messages without downloading the app called Network Profile which is also a free app.Now that the apps and picture messages are working, I can safely say it is a very nice phone.After the update you can also voice text, which is the only thing I wished this phone had prior to me downloading the update. Now it does.This is a Windows operating system which means only Windows apps are available. You can't get Instagram, Snapchat, or a lot of other popular ones. When an app is created it's almost always made for Apple or Android products first, and Blackberry and Windows devices later, if at all. So that kind of sucks.The price on this phone tends to fluctuate. I paid $135 and a week later my sister paid $98.
This is my fourth Samsung Focus. I am not especially careful with phones, so my third issue dropped into a certain bathroom receptacle when I wasn't looking. I am still holding out for a 64gb Nokia Lumia 1020 to become available in the US. Until then, I'm Fine with the Focus. All my replacements have come from Amazon, and this last phone is working as satisfactorily as the first three. I have installed a 32GB SD card again and loaded up 35.9 GB of music, pics, and apps. All my calendar, contacts and mail have synced through my Microsoft account, and all is well again. This phone came through Amazon merchant BREED. They followed up on my Prime two-day shipment with an email, to check that the phone was working well: unusual, in my experience, and appreciated. Thanks Samsung and Amazon again, and BREED this time.
As my tittle state good phone for the price.Pros cheap, descent camera with awesome flash, amoled display and the phone doesn't log so for since I've been using it. The audio play back good clean.#The phone comes unlock#Cons cheap poor battery life only last one day and a couple hours long even if you dont use it that much for a new phone you wont get 2 and half day out of this phone when idle. I had to disable some of the features to get more out of the battery. The material make up the phone is cheap, this phone would be better if it was an android phone instead of windows. You will have to format the phone with the memory card to get it recognize your memory card.The vibration is low :(I would recommend this phone
This phone is easy to use and easy to customize. I bought this for myself, my mom, and my aunt. My family laughed at the thought of me teaching them how to use a smart phone. All I can say is SUCCESS!!! If they learn how to use this with ease anyone can.
I had this phone for about three years and enjoyed it very much. The flash is VERY bright. It takes good quality pictures when the flash is being used or when you are in a very brightly lit area. But again, the flash is VERY bright. I enjoyed the window's phone setup. I didn't much care for the marketplace. However, the phone itself is a very solid phone. I dropped it in my dog's water bowl..I let it dry out for a while and it worked! However, it was a bit glitchy after that but what do expect when it has been submerged in a bowl of water? I still use it to this day( even though I have a new phone) because its almost like having a very small computer. It was money well spent. If I hadn't dropped it in the water, and it was compatible with Verizon, I would still be using it.
Great experience
It's time for me to upgrade to WP 8.1
Unlocked phone correctly. It is an excellent phone. functions are fast. Excellent photography. Brought your screen saver and all the accessories. I recommend this phone and the seller is responsible and fast delivery.
Probably the best phone I've ever had. Takes wonderful pictures.
I like them all and in fact I just received the laptop battery today but I think I t will be okay.
Good
Phone came unlocked and ready to use. I like windows as i find asy to use. This has windows 7.5. It takes great pictures, although the camera has a small dark spot and everytime I take a picture, there is a small dark spot in every photo, I have learned to live with it since I dont take much pictures. It has a durable and strong screen. After a year of using it, it started giving me problems were it would freeze and turn off on its own constantly for several weeks. I had to reset the phone to its original settings, I had to lost all my apps, photos, videos etc. Phone works fine now, but I am being more careful with what i download since I think that is what caused it to malfunction. I was able to restored all my contacts since they are link to my email account. Not the photos or apps, those I had to restore again. I am using the pohone with simple mobile, I was told by simple mobile that since the phone it is an AT&T brand, it is the reason I cannot send photos vis msn, because there is something the at&t brand had block and cannot be unlocked. That if I connect the phone with at&t I would be able to send photos via msn. For the same reason I cannot use the phone's integrated gps. In other words 5 functions that comes with the phone you cannot use them unless you connected with at&t. But you can work your way around it if you just download the right app. I use whatsapp to be able to send pictures and a gps app I downloaded.
Excellent
I am very satisfied with my phone I had gotten two one for my sonand jut love it.
Excellent sellers! Excellent article!
excelente
Great quality for the price trust me. Fast, smooth and great battery life. Just buy it if you think you need an unlocked world wide carrier capable phone and hey! I'ts a windows phone! That's all i have to say.
I bought this phone to take with me to Africa and it has been a great purchase. It works very well and has not been a disappointment. I bought this phone from Wireless Experts in case you are looking for a reliable seller. I definitely recommend it. The only thing I have not been to pleased with was with the Windows operating system in the phone since I can't get some apps I used to get with an iPhone. But in general, this phone works great.
This is a good smart phone. It's not blotted with a lot of apps. The phone comes with windows 7 and will update to windows phone 7.5 or 7.8 depending which carrier you go with. My phone is running 7.8 and it works flawless. Yes this phone came out 3 years ago but it is still a very good phone!
I'm not the kind who needs the newest... if you feel this way, this is not the phone for you... Even if it has 2010 hardware, the phone is pretty fast, does everything you need it to do, and does it in style...Seriously, Windows Phone does have less apps, but its not missing the essentials, maybe a couple of them, but for the most part, it has everything out there...The camera its pretty average though, even by 2010 standards, but i dont mind that much since camera quality its not a priority for me...
I purchased this UNLOCKED Samsung Focus I917 with BUYING IT and definitively it is a great option to save money because offer the most important features that any expensive smartphones must have, but it cost less than 50% of them. Its designs is very attractive, runs WiFi very fast, sound of speakers is great and loud, etc. I UPDATED the WINDOWS Operative System (OS) thru the Zune program installed in my PC without any problem. Now I can get more apps and some phone functions are now performed in a more efficient way. I know that some persons have concerns because they believe that updating the OS could "lock" the phone. In my experience the "unlock condition" was not impacted and the phone is now running with the last phone Windows version. I am using this phone with a Mexico SIM card (Telcel) and is functioning perfect. I also tested it with a SIM card of USA and worked fine too. I think it is a great option for the cell phone users in Mexico and anywhere.... I think it is not necessary to purchase smartphones of $ 500 or $ 600 dlls.... This Samsung has the same powerful performance of the expensive smartphones at a very attractive price.
I purchased this phone hoping I could get a very nice smartphone at a good price. When I received the phone I was amazed at the quality of it. The picture looks amazing, the sound is great, and the touch screen seems better than an iPhone! I had an issue with the charging of the phone taking too long in the beginning, but am happy to say I no longer have an issue with that. This is a great phone that I would recommend to anyone!
I get this phone 3 weeks ago from another seller trough Amazon. Comes with the original box, charger, earphones and stuff. When I turn it on it came with a diferent version of Windows phone. Was a developer emulador version so I tought I cant update it but just instalo the Rogers carrier ron for this phone and you ser ready to go. mango ready. The battery is ok and I Live the Súper Amoled 4 ich screen. Works Dell with Movistar and Kolbi in Costa Rica. Recomended phone.
This is an excellent phone. Very easy to use. Good size screen for texting & calling. Just one issue so far as a phone call is terminated. The 'end call' icon moves up the screen too rapidly & the user must scroll down again to find it. I have to check to see if it is a setting issue. Would recommend this phone.
I was really hesitant at first of ordering a phone online...anything online actually. But it turned out great! I love it! it came in the ATT original packaging, charger and headphones included :) I was pretty surprised at how well it worked too.!
Bought this for my mom because her 9 button flip-phone was slowly falling apart and she wanted something she could sms with. She loves this phone. Its WP7 and lacking in several areas but as a basic phone replacement it works great. Screen is bright enough for sunlight use and has reasonable colors. Buttons are inset nicely with little bumps making them easy to access but not accidentally accessible in a pant pocket. Battery lasts about 2 days on a charge as my mom doesn't use it for internet. The only drawbacks are a relatively poor camera that always takes blurry pictures and the capacitive buttons at the bottom are hard to hit often.
RINGER TONE IS TOO LOW THAT IS MY ONLY COMPLAINT. OTHERWISE I LOVE IT. RECEIVED IT IN A VERY TIMELY MANNER AND IT WAS AS IF IT HAD NEVER BEEN USED.
If you really like windows then here ya go. All in all it is great but it does have some differences from android devices. Fewer apps and many of the popular ones -- think Facebook games-- are not available. Want music as text or notification sounds-- nope, only as ringtone or alarm. It is easy to get it set up on StraightTalk with the AT&T sim, takes some patience to set data set up but once it is on no more worry and it is fast. Has direct up link with the cloud, never lose another pic-- perfect to share with select group of people. No phone is perfect but this one is closer than any other I have had. It was an easy move from android to windows.
Samsung has a winner here, I have had this phone for close to a year, and could not be happier. Upgraded (free) to Win 7.5 ops and it is flawless.Ease of use, dependability, quality of the Winphone experience in perfect balance with a high quality Samsung instrument. Better than the Iphone.
the only down side is windows is moving away from this platform. Zune pass no longer compatible with OS 7 cant update my music being forced to upgrade to a phone with windows 8 :( Its too bad bc I have had the phone for 3 years now and it still lasts for 2 days on a single charge. Really hate to see this one go.
Great Phone, Camara so so. Bought mine used so maybe the camera lens is scratched. The fun is sleek and fast. It dose all I need.
Very VERY NICE Cellphone. No matter it says Windows 7.0 Mine came with Windows Phone 7.5 and has plenty access to Marketplace Comes with 8GB and can be expanded via MicroSD with addicional 32GB.
Really well designed OS. Good build quality.
Arrived quickly and came with three different chargers and a fully charged battery. My SD card isn't working with it, but that could be the water damage from my previous phone. The only issue I have with the phone so far is the back makes me nervous when I need to open it. It's hard to remove and flimsy, so it makes me feel like I'm going to break it.
I got this phone sooner than I was told. It's in great shape. I had no problem getting a sim card for it. Thanks
I really like the windows phone. It's very user friendly. My only complaint is that I live in a rural area and the signal is not received well. I had to buy a booster for it to work at all.
I love my phone so much I bought my daughter one just like it. Everyone asks her about it and she loves it! Needs more Windows apps...
Perfect phone! Easy to use, great photos, high speed internet, I absolutely love it! Came quick with all the necessary attachments (power cord, manual, head set). Happy!
I rated this product poorly but I took the phone to an At&t device center and all it needed was a battery. Phone works great. The wrong battery was shipped but it worked out!
Phone arrived fast, packaged well and feels like a brand new phone!! Huge fan of the original Windows Phone 7 OS. As long as you understand that there are virtually no "Top" apps and you just use the phone for the basics like calls, texting, calendar, and the like, you won't be disappointed. I use the internet browser for occasionally getting my news etc. Not blazing fast but I'm not in that big of a hurry. Amoled screen is nice if not razor sharp. Replaceable battery is a plus.
Shipping was fast and the price was fair. Only issue was battery, but the phone itself was otherwise pretty awesome.
A nicely designed phone. If you like Windows phones, this is a good deal.
Will not allow me to send picture messages to anybody but like the phone.
They are being used and liked
liked
Fine
no trouble,thanks.
Good chea phone. Arrived fast and was reliable.
My boyfriend broke the screen of his last phone, so we needed a replacement metro phone. This phone is great, it was refurbished so I was a little nervous but it works perfectly fine and looks hardly used. Very happy with this purchase.
Great and reliable little phone. Nothing fancy, but it works well as a convenient, nice phone with the basics. Thanks!
This a great litle phone to get if you want to drop it a few times and be happy it still works. Love this phone
This phone is great and I got it for a good price ($485). First I ordered the Samsung S5 mini (I wanted a smaller screen), but it was annoyingly slow. Alpha is much faster. It also looks much more expensive than S5 mini. It works great in the U.S. with AT&T. I don't doubt it will work in Europe too as it is the international version.I ordered from Big Apple Cellular and I am happy with them (it was fulfilled by Amazon though). They sent me a free case as a bonus. Although that's a nice touch, the case is awfully cheap. Who would put a phone for $500 in a case for $1...? But, yes, they tried. It was delivered exactly on the estimated delivery date which was 7 days after I ordered it. I felt like they are holding the shipment on purpose as it didn't ship until the night it was due to be delivered.Ordering through dealers on Amazon, I was also worried whether the phone is original. There are websites to check the phone's IMEI against a database. When you put in the IMEI, the database is supposed to show all the info about the phone - model, specs etc. When I put in my IMEI, I got info for a Nokia phone from 2005, so that was bad. Other websites couldn't find the IMEI at all. So I researched how best to test authenticity and it looks like it is through Samsung Kies. You can download the software on your PC and then connect the phone. If the software recognizes the device, then it's authentic. My phone was recognized! Phew! It is original.It is a really nice phone and looks very elegant. The back cover is much better than the Samsung S5 mini which looks super cheap. Especially the gold S5 mini...it's pretty bad in my opinion.I recommend Alpha!
Beautiful
I really loved this phone but unfortunately I had to return it. I purchased this phone with the hopes of using it on T-Mobile but because it's the international version, it's not compatible with T-Mobile's LTE. You can still get decent speeds but I was not able to get any LTE when I tried this phone. The size of the phone is great and so is the build quality, wish I could have kept the phone.
Here's a quick review of the international Samsung Galaxy Alpha.Before I start, I'd like to mention I have the AT&T version of the Samsung Galaxy S 5, and I also have the AT&T version of the Galaxy Alpha. I compared all three of them.Build Quality:The Galaxy Alpha in general is a beautiful phone. I love the size and how thin it is. The metal frame looks great, but it also feels very solid in my hand. My Galaxy S5 seems to creak every time I hold it. The Alpha's build quality it superb compared to the S5.It's not water resistant, however, I don't mind. I prefer the slim design and I am willing to give up water proofing to have it. Also, it's nice not to have to deal with the USB cover and the annoying water resistant warnings Samsung overlays every time you reboot the phone or unplug the USB cable.Display:My honest opinion is the Galaxy S5 has a superior display. That being said, the 720p display of the Alpha is top notch. The colors are accurate, (in photo mode), viewing angles are great, brightness is adequate, and you get the familiar benefits of it being OLED. I would like to mention that you can see the negative side effects of the diamond pentile matrix if you look at text very close up. From a normal viewing distance, the display looks fine. I've read a couple reviews that said the display had a bluish tint to it. Comparing it side by side to my Galaxy S5 the whites looked spot on! I would like to note, the alpha has slightly more color shifting when you view it from off angles. In fact, the display DOES appear more bluish at an off angle than the S5 does. However normal viewing angles it looks great. Update: I took a closer look at my two Alphas side by side. The international Alpha does indeed have a slightly cooler shade of white than the AT&T model. I'm not sure if they were purposely calibrated differently, or it's just a manufacturing thing. The AT&T model has a more accurate white, although I think both models look great!Performance:The international Galaxy Alpha and AT&T Galaxy Alpha do have some differences when it comes to performance. I noticed this immediately when comparing the AT&T Alpha to the S5. The AT&T model was just as quick in general launching apps and performing basic tasks, however it seems like the AT&T Alpha has trouble handling scrolling as well as the S5 or the international Alpha (G850F) I first noticed it when I applied the phase beam live wallpaper. Scrolling on the AT&T Alpha become jittery and frames started being dropped. On the S5 and International Alpha, it was buttery smooth. I also noticed this issue in other menus, Facebook, and scrolling webpages. The S5 and international Alpha just performed better. This is strange, because the AT&T Alpha and S5 have the same Snapdragon 801 CPU. My guess is either its somehow being down clocked to achieve similar battery life results at the international Alpha, or the AT&T Alpha's software isn't optimized for the best performance. It's could also be the result of all the AT&T bloatware and junk they've added to US version. Either way, the international (G850F) is the way to go, and it performs just at fast as the Galaxy S5.Camera:Love the camera! If you loved the S5 camera, then you will love the Alpha's camera. Essentially its the same great camera minus a few megapixels. It still takes excellent quality photos, and the focus is lighting fast! The front camera is on par with the S5 also.Battery life:The AT&T and international Alpha appear to have similar battery life. Once the batteries get broken in and have a few charges on them, I haven't had a problem getting through the day with them. Honestly, the S5 will outlast the Alpha in terms of endurance, but the Alpha will most likely get you through a full day before it needs to be charged. Update: after using the ALPHA for a while now, my average battery life seems to be very good. I'm a mid to heavy user, but I can take my ALPHA off the charger at 7am and at about midnight it will be at 10-15% battery remaining. Not Bad!Conclusion:The Galaxy Alpha it a great phone! It does sacrifice a few things that make the Galaxy S5 so great, but nothing I'm not willing to live without. It feels great in the hand, works great with one hand, and it is the best looking phone Samsung has ever made. The performance matches what you would expect from the S5, and the battery life is respectable. I'm pretty happy with the Alpha. I do recommend buying the international version as opposed to the AT&T version as the AT&T version seems to have some general performance issues. (Just a note: The G850F has dark Touchwiz menus that play nicely with the OLED screen. The AT&T version has ugly blinding white menus. Also, the G850 allows dynamic manual adjustment of the auto brightness settings if its set. You can make it slightly dimmer or brighter without taking out of auto mode. Also! The G850F is free of carrier bloat and unlocked. ++)
I really love this phone but arrived with an european travel adapter useless in America, I had to buy another charger, that's why I do not give five stars. The product specs and description should mention about this adapter.
coolest Samsung phone I have owned yet well.
Cool
Amazing phone
Very good phone, its very fast and it has a lot of features, like fingerprint scanner.i really recommend it
Excellent Phone. Im very happy with it! Its no heavy. Perfect size and a gran camera!!!
excellent good product , I recommend this seller 100 %
Excellent!
I guess I would not break any news by saying that Samsung does a great hardware. The phone is great to hold, looks nice, works fast and smooth. Still, comparing it to my Nexus 5, I like bare Android more than Samsung's wrapper.This phone was purchased for my wife, who made a transition from iphone to Android, and it's quite good as such:it's elegant, right size (not the huge screen of other current phones), fast. The battery life is ok, but I would easily trade 0.5mm more width for bigger battery.
Great
It's a really cool phone and the delivery was on time.
Phone seems fine despite not being what I ordered. Was sent a G850Y, from China, Not the G850F I ordered from Washington State. The 850Y does not have 4G LTE Speed on T-Mobile as I had hoped. Although the phone works well for the most part, be aware I'm not sure you can trust this providers word.
Excellent Product 100% recommended
Works in Uruguay! Perfect! :D
Good product
This phone is really slick. It's quite thin, and feels like a million bucks. The screen is fabulous. I cannot understand why folks complain about its resolution. The battery life is below average, but the power save mode extends that quite a bit while still retaining most functions. The processor is very nice, video playback is seamless, and there are no skips while navigating. The thing that sold me on this phone is that it doesn't take up much real estate to carry. I can put this thing in any one of my pockets, and it doesn't feel awkward. In addition to living in the US, I travel to Europe, and Asia so the GSM compatibility is really nice.
Exactly as expected, excellent purchase.
I purchased this phone for one of my sons. He is a heavy user of its cell phone and he is completely happy with it. He was using an iPhone 3gs and the Galaxy Alpha implied a huge improvement.for him. All the applications run very fast and it works with the 4G (LTE) network, which is pretty much faster than the 3G network. Great phone.
The phone is great except the battery isn't very good.
Great, exactly the right size with no need to give up on features.
Awesome phone, battery last a lot, works very well, much better than S4. screen is a bit small
I really love my purchase, it perfectly works in Colombia, the only issue about it it's the battery life, I have to charge it twice per day
Well done!
OK !!!!
Love this phone
As described. Arrived in new condition.
Excellent and sealed
I Love this movil phone
Great phone without the limitations of the S6
Everything works in Jamaica.
I always enjoy the galaxy phones!
The phone worked great. No problems, no complaints.
The phone worked great. No problems, no complaints.
Great phone, buyer delivered on time and it was as described
Very good!Muy bueno!
Perfect!!!
Great phone
Loving it... It arrived on time, I bought this phone for my husband and he loves it...it functions well so far no problem and would recommend it for any interested person.
Great phone, I just put in my sim card and it worked perfectly
perfect
Excellent phone. I haven't had any problem with it since I purchased it. The internet and the phone work very good.
Best phone ever the look the quality the performance the speed camera and features on this phone is phenomenal love it I upgraded from a S3
Great phone, great camera, great everything. No regrets whatsoever.
Now what is there to say about the galaxy S5 that has not been said in the specs already.I bought this phone for my wife's birthday. when it got here she was so happy.Its a original unlocked S5 so we took it to the provider and as soon as it got booted up we saw that it was in Chinese language, my wife got scared and said that it wasn't original.So let me explain this model is for Europe so the 2 languages that are preset are Chinese for some reason and English so we switch that quickly to English and started the activation process.Everything works fine if you have LTE in your area it works and if not it just switches to what ever network is available at your provider. its a blazing fast phone compared to the exynos version.we are located in the Caribbean for those of you that live near these parts and it works fine with our providers. no issues so far with the phone itself. Why i give it four stars and not five is the fact that nothing is perfect, don't get me wrong its a great phone it has all the bells and whistles but its too big for me.
Gerat
Excellent and sealed
I Love this movil phone
Great phone without the limitations of the S6
Everything works in Jamaica.
I always enjoy the galaxy phones!
The phone worked great. No problems, no complaints.
The phone worked great. No problems, no complaints.
Great phone, buyer delivered on time and it was as described
Very good!Muy bueno!
Perfect!!!
Great phone
Loving it... It arrived on time, I bought this phone for my husband and he loves it...it functions well so far no problem and would recommend it for any interested person.
Great phone, I just put in my sim card and it worked perfectly
perfect
Excellent phone. I haven't had any problem with it since I purchased it. The internet and the phone work very good.
Best phone ever the look the quality the performance the speed camera and features on this phone is phenomenal love it I upgraded from a S3
Great phone, great camera, great everything. No regrets whatsoever.
Now what is there to say about the galaxy S5 that has not been said in the specs already.I bought this phone for my wife's birthday. when it got here she was so happy.Its a original unlocked S5 so we took it to the provider and as soon as it got booted up we saw that it was in Chinese language, my wife got scared and said that it wasn't original.So let me explain this model is for Europe so the 2 languages that are preset are Chinese for some reason and English so we switch that quickly to English and started the activation process.Everything works fine if you have LTE in your area it works and if not it just switches to what ever network is available at your provider. its a blazing fast phone compared to the exynos version.we are located in the Caribbean for those of you that live near these parts and it works fine with our providers. no issues so far with the phone itself. Why i give it four stars and not five is the fact that nothing is perfect, don't get me wrong its a great phone it has all the bells and whistles but its too big for me.
Gerat
I give a ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Because the phone came in his original box with there original headphones and charger and perfectly unlocked and ready to used, I was skeptical to buy the phone since he only had one review but I said let me give him a chance and see he can proved to me that the phone was what he said. This phone was a Birthday 🎉 gift 🎁 for my son, I just love the face of my kid when he open his gift. I want to thank you and I would buy again from you 👍🏼👍🏼
This is so far the best phone I've ever had. Some online reviews cite the fact that it only having 1.5gb of ram might slow it down but unless you're doing some really heavy gaming on this phone you won't see any problems. When I first started using this phone I was impressed with its speed and its much faster than my old blu life 1x and which phone had 2gb. The screen is nice and everything else is solid. The only weak point this phone has is its camera. Its not horrible but if you're someone who likes ULTRA clear hi def photos you probably won't be impressed. It just fine for general use though. Overall I would definitely recommend this phone. For price and performance its hard to beat so there's no need to hesitate lol
Excelent
if you prefer a smaller lighter phone and don't use your phone for work the a3 is near perfect, none of the s7 problems.
Working perfectly out the box, shipped and delivered promptly by seller. T-mobile staff were impressed by the looks and function. Only wish it came with US plug/adapter, but then again it is an international phone.
Beautiful design, Excellent working condition.....Best sized phone on the market right now.This phone is unlocked and works perfectly on networks.
i love my new phone
Screen size vs battery autonomy is excellent.
Really neat phone, love the camera quality! Works very well
Located in the Caribbean trinidad and phone works fine with local carrier...just had to cut sim to a nano size and it worked.
This phone look really nice and it fix in my hand with 4.7 display screen. I just got the marshmallows undate today 7-14-16. For the price of $260 its a good deal compared to the phones that cost $600-$800.. wish it had replaceable battery, other than that its a good phone with good battery life.
It works very well in Argentina. Met my expectations
Good quality and design. Works fast without lags.And it's unlocked.I am satisfied.
If you are looking for a mid sized phone you can use with one hand in June of 2016 this phone is your best option.Pros:- Phone fits perfectly in one hand- Battery life last all day and in some cases two days- Phone works great on AT&T network and will probably work just as good on T-Mobile- UI is smooth and doesn't lag- Phone material has a very premium feel- Price is very affordableCons- Only 1.5 GB of ram which isn't really noticeable unless you are heavily multitasking- Camera struggles to focus and stay focused at times but otherwise takes great photos- Runs android Lollipop right now even though Marshmallow is out (I hear they are releasing an update soon)- No active display or LED notificationIt's unfortunate that the market is saturated with phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices, but all in all I think this is a great phone (especially for the current price of $264).*Also its worth noting that I tried out a Sony z5 compact for a few days before purchasing this phone, and while that phone has better specs on paper it lagged and overheated easily, all while costing more money.
Nice and fast!
Nice sleek phone with all required features
This is so far the best phone I've ever had. Some online reviews cite the fact that it only having 1.5gb of ram might slow it down but unless you're doing some really heavy gaming on this phone you won't see any problems. When I first started using this phone I was impressed with its speed and its much faster than my old blu life 1x and which phone had 2gb. The screen is nice and everything else is solid. The only weak point this phone has is its camera. Its not horrible but if you're someone who likes ULTRA clear hi def photos you probably won't be impressed. It just fine for general use though. Overall I would definitely recommend this phone. For price and performance its hard to beat so there's no need to hesitate lol
Excelent
if you prefer a smaller lighter phone and don't use your phone for work the a3 is near perfect, none of the s7 problems.
Working perfectly out the box, shipped and delivered promptly by seller. T-mobile staff were impressed by the looks and function. Only wish it came with US plug/adapter, but then again it is an international phone.
Beautiful design, Excellent working condition.....Best sized phone on the market right now.This phone is unlocked and works perfectly on networks.
i love my new phone
Exactly as published
GOOD.
good
So far, working well
Great Job
I bougth the cell phone for my dougther and she is happy.
It works exactly as advertised.
very good performance, processing power, ultra light. A good balance between quality / price
I activated the phone with att on Monday, so I have been using the phone for three days. So far, I love it. Its my first smart phone and I am learning how to use it little by little. It seems to be quite easy to learn.
it looks great, well functioning and superb as on the display
I need a copy of the purchase invoice
very responsable... great product
Lives up to specifications. Neat and sensitive. Exactly as I expected
Good product. Thanks
Everything's perfect, thanks!
nice phone a3 evry thing nice
I like this phone should have gotten the bigger one and it does not work on LTE
I love it!
Excelente producto
The phone looks great, it's working fine. So far very good.
It's a very good phone. Affordable but wit a good camera, enough space to save documents, pictures, music and other personal files. Nice screen, you can use it with two different SIM.
It is a good cell Phone, it really works in any Carrier.
Good product at a great price.
excellent cellphone unlocked and working in latin america
very fine
thanks
This phone is awesome, very handy, smal in size, light in wight, very productive, as for the shopping experience ; it was very good, package arriveed on time, well packing, sealed close and new as described, worked with any SIM card #Unlocked.
good phone...fast and elegant!
All perfect and just in time! thanks!
It is very good~
Very nice cell phone, nice color, excellent design.
I needed a new phone but I wasn't willing to pay an arm and a leg for it. I don't believe in taking out a mortgage to get a new phone. My wife had to have one that was almost $700 and I definitely wasn't willing to pay that for mine. This phone does everything I want it to and more. I would recommend this phone to a friend.
Great phone. There are pros and cons to it, but overall a very nice buy.Pros:-Aluminum body looks and feels great. (I am used to having a plastic bodied phone so this was a great upgrade)-Battery life lasts almost two days and charges very quickly-Beautiful Samsung screen (of course)-Last, but definitely not least, it's CHEAP! (cases are cheap for it too)Cons-No battery access (to be expected with an aluminum phone and not a huge deal, I just always like to have that option)-Both back and front cameras are very grainy and have motion blurring problems, but gets the job done. (If you like a good camera phone this phone is a no-go for you)-Speakers on the back. (just a pet peeve of mine) The speakers are average in tonal quality and loudness.I love this phone and have been using it for a few months now with no problems at all. This phone is a fantastic buy for anyone looking for a solid phone without the need for expensive bells and whistles. Fantastic price for this phone, would definitely​ buy it again.
Great cel I really enjoy it
Very nice I like it and it was according to the description. Everthing working and new. Thank you
Great equipment and functionalityNot loving the headphonesQuick and easy to carryI wanted something that could fit properly in my hand
I love the look but the processor isn't as good as the S4. in 4 months of owning it, it has frozen twice when performing heavy loads, you can't remove the battery so you have to let it die. I still love the phone and the 5mp front camera is the best you will find.FIN
I like a lot, especially because you can use any chip anywhere in the world. (gsm unlocked) five star
It works exactly as advertised.
I activated the phone with att on Monday, so I have been using the phone for three days. So far, I love it. Its my first smart phone and I am learning how to use it little by little. It seems to be quite easy to learn.
it looks great, well functioning and superb as on the display
I need a copy of the purchase invoice
very responsable... great product
Lives up to specifications. Neat and sensitive. Exactly as I expected
This is an extremely nice phone. I'm using it with an H20 Wireless (AT&T network) prepaid plan, running at 4G LTE speeds.
all good
Best size and fast! Just don't drop it like I did to my previous A3. Difficult, if not impossible to find repair in USA. Still trying.
Excelent!
Replaced my S3 mini because I needed the Android upgrade and I like the smaller size. Great phone.
A wonderful upgrade phone for me.
Wow this phone is really fantastic, fast, slim, ligh
excellent products
I am a little disappointment because when I reviewed thew red mode, it doesn't have 4G option and the description it has!! :(otherwise the phone is very nice.
excelente
Excellent phone: light-weight, small enough to put in a pocket even while in a sleeve, superb contrast in display, great battery life, sound quality, and fast processor. Also, Samsung has used its top-of-the-line camera in the phone. It is not designed for heavy gaming, video or music work. My only reservation is that the phone is so new in the U.S. that Verizon (my first choice) was unable to activate it. Samsung hoped to release it last spring to general public, but as of 10/16, they have not done so. On a friend's recommendation, I went to T-Mobile for service They easily made it work. Even then, they had to go to their tech support to find a way to set up voice mail. Within a day, a tech rep was able to send me a sofware patch that made that function work. Warning to potential buyers: My phone came from Amazon. You must buy a phone that can work in the American networks. If a phone is advertised as "international" model, (Sweden and Great Britain have had it available for at least 6 months) be sure you have a guarantee that will take it back if it doesn't work.
Excellent phone: light-weight, small enough to put in a pocket even while in a sleeve, superb contrast in display, great battery life, sound quality, and fast processor. Also, Samsung has used its top-of-the-line camera in the phone. It is not designed for heavy gaming, video or music work. My only reservation is that the phone is so new in the U.S. that Verizon (my first choice) was unable to activate it. Samsung hoped to release it last spring to general public, but as of 10/16, they have not done so. On a friend's recommendation, I went to T-Mobile for service They easily made it work. Even then, they had to go to their tech support to find a way to set up voice mail. Within a day, a tech rep was able to send me a sofware patch that made that function work. Warning to potential buyers: My phone came from Amazon. You must buy a phone that can work in the American networks. If a phone is advertised as "international" model, (Sweden and Great Britain have had it available for at least 6 months) be sure you have a guarantee that will take it back if it doesn't work.
It's a good phone. Work really well. I import it from United State to Canada because I was mot capable to found it unlocked and without any phone service attached. The delivery was fine. I pay around 30 boxes more for the border taxes. Delivery was quick and directly to my job.
Strong build, good battery life, cameras are pretty good and the screen is all around great. The only problem is that the performance is a little slow. Not a good phone for gaming. Overall I'm pretty satisfied with the phone. 4.5/5
Perfect! It's like I thought!!
Item came on time. The seal on one end of the box was broken. But the phone looked brand new and all accessories were included in the box. After turning the phone on for the first time it displayed Spanish language. Changing to English was easy.Nice elegant design but I think gold or white front of the phone would add to its appearance.The phone is duos and can be used either with 2 SIM cards or 1 SIM and 1 SD card. It has a nice crispy clean display of just right size-5.2". Colors are nice but a bit unnatural for my personal taste. Good quality of the calls, no drops. Camera takes pretty good pictures in day and low light. Nice simple music player. Fast charging. I wouldn't call the phone performance ultra fast but quick enough...I guess.However, the reason for 4 starts is the phone doesn't have a notification light which is odd: it has fingerprint sensor but no notification light? After browsing a bit the Internet I found out that this basic feature was saved for more "high end" Samsung phones... really?Also, no double tap on screen for wake up of the phone, as well as black front of the phone.Now, is it a deal breaker? Well, for me somewhat it is but not to the point of returning the phone. But all in all pretty good.
Great phone.
Excelent
Fast, easy to set up. I love the fast charging
Ok
Very good smartphone for those not willing to spend a fortune, I recommend it!
I researched this phone and got it because the SARs are lower than most phones. It's a bit smaller than what I am used to but other than that I am very happy with it. The phone was advertised as new, it arrived early and in pristine condition. It was Sprint compatible and came with a SIMs card ready for Sprint to install. I took it to my dealer and it was no problem getting it up and running. Overall very happy with my purchase.
i loved it! met and exceeded my expectations
Exelent
excellent
Excelente!
Everything works great but the camera is very sensitive I get blurry photos very easily.
Everithing just right as promised.
its a nice phone
Its a great phone
Excellent
exelente
was mot for me my brother says it is good but does not work with Verizon you need to tell more about the products you sell so everyone knows just what they are buying
All Ok, Thanks
I live in Barbados and had this phone for 6 MONTHS AND IT FROZE AND STOPPED WORKING...I NEED TO KNOW HOW TO CONTACT THE SELLERS BECAUSE IT SEEM AS THOUGH THE PHONE WAS REFURBISHED I AM NOT SATISTIED AT ALL.
Excellent!!!I recommend this seller.
This is my second order from FGS and so far I have no complain. I just made another order today, my 3rd one. Shipping is fairly good.
excelente
A+
Excelente RECOMENDABLE
I must say this phone is awesome. For years I was using two phones and refused to buy a dual Sim phone that did not meet my expectations. Then this beautiful guy was born and stole my heart and just had to have it that I bought 2. One for the hubby. Thanks Samsung I am loving it ....if fact I am using it now to send this review. Lol. Also thanks to JP Mobiles LLC for having this phone on amazon prime and a quick delivery.
Great cell phone!
Good trans
ok
Good phone , just two days of use so far. User friendly.
very nice phone
good camera and very nice
excelent... i recommend it
Is very good!
Enjoying this phone so far....the only gripe is having to share sim2 with the sd card slot but i was aware of it before buying. Worth every penny.
Perfect thank you
Excelent
Love it
Very good
Its awesome phone i had a5 i use morethen 1 year but i lost it now i have note5 but still i miss a5 battery is best then any phone i have used before .i wann a5 back
very good product fulfiled my expectations and ee delivery times were very good
I loved it :DThe only problem is, that it is not working on dual sim mode. I would like to see the mode information in the product description.
I have had this phone for a total of 5 months now, did not want to write a review until I had used it for a few month. I have to say I'm blown away again by Samsung and their amazing products.First off, I live in the Caribbean. Trinidad and Tobago and my mobile carrier is Digicel. All I did was insert my micro-Sim into the phone and started using it. The camera is amazing, takes great quality photos in the day and night. Phone has an internal storage of 16gigs and it can hold a 32gig memory card.I use a lot of apps daily (Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, SnapChat, Tumblr, Twitter, Pinterest, photo editing and email apps, etc) and they all work perfectly. No lag time, no constant shutting down in the middle of a post or search.This phone is worth the price paid. You get amazing quality and performance in a small neat package. I have the white, it's square edges are perfect for gripping onto and typing.I would definitely recommend purchasing this phone.
The phone was locked only for American sim cards, but seller in one day sent to my email pin code and phone is superb.
Working good, i really like it.
Love it!
great!!
Good phone that worked in Colombia. Good transaction.
I must say refurbished to this quality is awesome
I have had this phone for about a week and it is wonderful. I can't imagine why anyone would pay more. At less than $250 this is an incredible bargain. It has excellent battery life and is quick charging. Screen resolution is great and screen sensitivity to typing is much better than my wife's i phone.
Love my new phone, big upgrade for me(had a blu star 4.0). This phone works,looks and feels great and the camera is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a upgrade. Overal great device and good price
Excellent purchase. I got my cell phone wet because someone decided to surprise me with washing my bed comforter so for our surprise my phone went in there too, laundried phone noot good!! So after researching a lot I found this phone and at a better price than with my carrier so I purchased it, came really fast with my Prime Membership and worked right out of the box, the only thing I had to do was to take it to my carrier because my old phone uses a micro sim card and this is a nano so no problem they gave it to me right away and worked immediately. The only complaint I personally have is the camera, believe me a 13mp with led flash is great but I used to have the Samsung K Zoom which had a 20.7mp camera and lots of filters preinstalled so this is why I am complaining because the camera on the phone is great too, it will just take me some time to get used to it.For the speed part this phone is fast, I purchased a 32gb memory card and I have had no problem at all, games are downloaded fast, I have 5 email accounts on it, instagram, facebook, twitter, you name it, I have it and works with no problem. One great thing I have noticed is the battery life time, it lasts all day with normal use even with my data on, if I use it like this I can get to 8 or 9 pm with 31 to 35% still on the battery so more points for that! Whenever I get stucked on a waiting room or have time to spare and play candy crush (LOL) check my email constantly or use more internet troughout the day it will drain the battery faster but I can get to 6pm and it will tell me 15% battery remaining so this is a good thing.Purchase it, you won't regret it and it is a really nice looking phone as well.
I love it
This phone has been amazing so far. Every time I frighten MYSELF that there is a glitch but it works very well! Worth the money. Cameras absolutely perf (I love taking pics). The speaker is low though :( but that's really minor.
Delivery of the product was on time and got the phone that is mentioned in the description. No complaints!!!
Excellent Phone, great presentation
I live in Chicago and have T-Mobile. This is a dual SIM phone, but I only use one SIM card, and it works fine. I wanted an unlocked phone and did not want to spend a ton on the latest Samsung phone. For what I need, this is a great option. The cameras are very good. The display is fine and the reception is good. There are better phones out there, but this is a good mid price option if you want an unlocked Samsung phone. When I was researching phones I used Wikipedia. For more info, go to Wikipedia and search for Samsung Galaxy 5.
It has the premium feel. I prefer it to Samsung S5, It's DOPE!!!!!! I had to get a nyc case and screen protector for it. I LOVE IT
Good unlocked phone for the price
Good phone!! Only issue is that it is Galaxy A5 A500H which does not support LTE or 4G! Other than that its a great phone at a great price!
i recommend this seller and product. came as expected! its unlocked with 3g.
Good phone
Perfect
Excelente.
Sleek phone. I love this. Wanted a nice dual sim phone and couldnt have made a better choice. This is an improved version of a samsung duos phone i had. I will recommend this product
A welcome upgrade for my Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos!
Samsung Galaxy A5 A500H 16GB Unlocked GSM...Quad Core 1.2 Ghz, 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM, micro SD slotFull metal anybody. 5.0" HD soloed display 720x1280 13MP main camera LED Flash, 5MP front camera.Android Kit Kat 4.4.2, 2300 mAh battery, 139.6 x 69.6 x 6.7 mmUnlocked cell phones are compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as with GSM SIM cards (e.g. H20, Straight Talk, and select prepaid carriers). Unlocked cell phones will not work with CDMA Carriers like Sprint, Verizon, Boost or Virgin.I love it, watched a youtube video to learn how to use it, easy!This is a PAID ITEM. © 2015 Jackie Paulson
I purchased a S5 Mini a while back, this phone is replacing it as the S5 Mini didn't give me the best experience. But so far I'm impressed!Pros:Beautiful DesignRuns like a high end Smart PhoneGreat Camera Quality, although its annoying to have "beauty face" on all the dang time.Nice sizeGreat functionality at this screen size.Metal Body feels sturdy and I trust it more.Cons:The performance quirks you expect from Touch Wiz, one of Samsung's flaws. But it could change if you replace the launcher.Metal Body means heat will probably effect it in some way. First few days with the phone, it did get warm but compared to my S5's overheating, it was alot better.I will change this review in a month if anything changes but I love this phone, I feel like this phone should have been sold alongside the S Series of phones or atleast in prepaid options. Its a great phone that so far, feels like the bang for my buck.
excelente
Love the phone.. great price
Excelente !!!! 👍👍👍👍
I Love It very much
Super great phone! Shipping was a little slow but phone is super fast and everything works perfect on it i would recommend this phone to anyone i love it!!
Better than I expected, arrived a day early too. For a "budget" phone the price is amazing for the quality. I have no issues, it's fast, reliable, long battery life, great audio quality, amazing screen quality. Seriously buy this, just be aware that it will come with a European charge port but they give you a converter. Of course any other Android port will work.
The performance is awesome
Purchased this unlocked phone to work with Consumer Cellular; they use the AT&T network. Was using an older model Samsung from CC but they stopped offering this brand and I wanted to stay with it. Works seamlessly!, Make sure you get the APN setup information from CC.
all perfect
All ok
So nice duo sim
Absolutely love this phone. However, the booklet says that an ejection pin should be used to open the slot for the SIX card but there was none in the package.
It's super light. I had a Samsung S4 before so it was easy to get the hang of everything. I easily set it up. Great phone. It looks great as well. It seems just as fast to me as the S4 however techs are not as good. The screen actually seems more vibrant than my S4. Video quality not as well but I already knew that and I watch videos on my laptop or tv instead anyways. Great Phone.
fast and good condition
Nice phone for that price
It is fast and the price is reasonable
Everythings accordingly. Nice business
Slim, stylish and capable.
It's Great! The phone came well packed and in perfect condition. I love the phone, it works well and it is exactly what I expected it to be based on it's description.
dis phone is boss, ok it's one of the best phone I ever baught, it even has the edge technology on it. Ah love it really
Very good
It is as good as i believe.
EXCELENT!
Photo quality is amazing!
Good choice. I made it as a gift and she is very happy with this cell phone. She has no problems and she is enjoying it.
Perfect!!!!!
Very nice cellphone. Very light and thin. Sometimes I feel it too light. Need to be careful not letting it slip out of your hand.Performance is outstanding.For advanced users -- If you want to root it, most of the software available online doesn't work. You need to find a specific one (I am not going to post here). But you can find it, maybe after some digging.
Everything was perfect.
Exellent phone
It works great in the Caribbean. I am from Trinidad and bmobile service works awesome on it.
After previously owning a Galaxy Light, the A5 has exceeded my expectations by leaps and bounds. My favorite part about the A5 is its durability. I've dropped this phone about 10 times over the past 6 months that I've owned it, and it still operates fine with no physical damage at all (scratches, cracks, etc.). It runs programs quickly with no lag time and the speaker is loud and clear whether you're on the phone or listening to music. The camera quality is spectacular and it's easy to edit or alter your photos if you choose to do so. The only negative I have about the A5 is that it's a little too big for my liking, but that's just my opinion. Overall, the A5 is worth your money. 5 stars.
excellent
Excelente!
Everything works great but the camera is very sensitive I get blurry photos very easily.
Everithing just right as promised.
its a nice phone
Its a great phone
exelente
was mot for me my brother says it is good but does not work with Verizon you need to tell more about the products you sell so everyone knows just what they are buying
All Ok, Thanks
Satisfactory
Exelent look, very good camera
I have had it a week and it works great so far! I upgraded from the Galaxy III so this one has more features that I love. I got the case and screen protectors too. No complaints!
Wife just loves it!!! It is alot better than a S-6 edge. Well built. Kudos Samsung!!!
Good deal!
I loved Nice phone light weight work perfect with my AT&T service
I LOVE this phone! I've had the phone for over 6 months and everything works great!
I got it from Wireless Place and it's really perfect, really really good, haven't seen any issues you may be worried when it is a product with some $ lower, but this seller is really good, i was worried to get in on time because i had a fly so i contacted the seller and it even got a day earlier. Really happy with my A5 now, thanks!
Great product but LTE isn't that great. Hope it's better with a update
Everything ok. Thanks.
Great phones and a lot less expensive than getting them through T-Mobile.
Excellent mobile.
This phone is another Samsung slam dunk. However, it never got 4G for T-Mobile in the US. I don't know if all unlocked phones are going to have this problem. I really liked this phone and all of the features. If you're ok with not being able to get 4G than this will work for you. I did seems to get LTE service but it wasn't fast at all. Again, this could simply be because it's unlocked international. Great phone and it's very unique. Would definitely buy again if I knew that I could get the speed that 4G has.
Everything ok with the phone. It's a nice smartphone
Work with my simple mobile very good thanks
Excellent phone! Exactly what I expected of it. Love the quality and feel of the phone. Perfect mid range phone, the camera is pretty good (not the best just pretty good). Personally the screen quality is great love it. Comes with all original parts perfectly sealed and perfectly secured when shipped! I must say this phone has a blue tone to it so don't worry!
Good phone, maybe a little bit too big for me but very very nice looking. It perfectly works with T-Mobile LTE
Excellent Product. Excellent Vendor. I truly recommend it. 100% trusted.
VERY GOOD
EVERETHING OK
Excelent device and beautyfull designed.
It is working pretty good for now.
Great phone lovely features ,when I turn the phone lenghtways though the videos get distorted
Excellent phone! Arrived just in time
The phone is amazingly beautiful, in terms of in hand feel it is sensationally thing and elegantly beautiful, i just had to put a review,yet to put it om, still admiring how stupendously amazing it feels OMG
Excelente gracias.
Wow! Wait Wow! This a Samsung device, Wow !
Love using this phone. Came unlocked as it says and they provide a good customer service if there's any issue. Really happy with this purchase
Excellent
Fast shipping. Perfect phone for form and balance.
Good...!!!
This is a great little premium phone. I do not need a lot of internal storage so it works for me. The camera is awesome great photos in all lighting conditions.Can't beat it for the price.
very good
Love this phone. Been using for a month now smooth run .
Phone working great
:) it came in its orginal box, and perfect sealed; with all the other accesories.
GOOD
Perfectly fit on my use
The product and the delivery have been perfect.
Very good smartphone for those not willing to spend a fortune, I recommend it!
I like it 😊😊😊
I have a problem, i need this phone unlocked but it isn't true...
Perfect device
Perfect device
Fast delievery and everything perfect, thanks
High quality, unlock for every country. Very happy with Samsung A5
nice phone but can't use 2 sim with 1 sd card. only 1 sim with 1 card or 2 sim
Love it!
This is a great little premium phone. I do not need a lot of internal storage so it works for me. The camera is awesome great photos in all lighting conditions.Can't beat it for the price.
very good
Love this phone. Been using for a month now smooth run .
Phone working great
:) it came in its orginal box, and perfect sealed; with all the other accesories.
GOOD
Perfectly fit on my use
The product and the delivery have been perfect.
Very good smartphone for those not willing to spend a fortune, I recommend it!
I like it 😊😊😊
I have a problem, i need this phone unlocked but it isn't true...
Perfect device
Perfect device
Fast delievery and everything perfect, thanks
High quality, unlock for every country. Very happy with Samsung A5
nice phone but can't use 2 sim with 1 sd card. only 1 sim with 1 card or 2 sim
Love it!
This is a great little premium phone. I do not need a lot of internal storage so it works for me. The camera is awesome great photos in all lighting conditions.Can't beat it for the price.
very good
Love this phone. Been using for a month now smooth run .
Phone working great
:) it came in its orginal box, and perfect sealed; with all the other accesories.
GOOD
Perfectly fit on my use
The product and the delivery have been perfect.
Very good smartphone for those not willing to spend a fortune, I recommend it!
I like it 😊😊😊
I have a problem, i need this phone unlocked but it isn't true...
Perfect device
Fast delievery and everything perfect, thanks
nice phone but can't use 2 sim with 1 sd card. only 1 sim with 1 card or 2 sim
Just a quick review,i traded this off a galaxy a7 for this phone,definately worth it,faster,more features and a thumbprint scanner,all in all a very solid cheaper alternative to a galaxy note 5,just a side note..actually i just wanted to make a pun,i have no side notes..
Responsible shipping, I really love this phone. It feels very premium in the hand and the software is super fast. All round premium. Highly recommend.
Works perfect. I love it
I love the phone, works great, arrived sooner than expected, has fast connectivity to a network of your choice. It is an amazing device truly!
I bought this phone, no issues whatsoever, works great! Original samsung!
I love this phone, it's exactly what I wanted. I also love that it's pink. I was debating between the S6 and S7, but the lack of expandable memory for the S6 and design for S7 didnt convince me.It has the basic features you could ask for, plus a fingerprint scan and google pay.I only have to charge once and the battery lasts me all day, A BIG PLUS compared to my old phone.This is not a 4G phone, it's an H+...overall I can't tell the difference. It all comes down to your service provider. Some places get better coverage than others.This is an international model and the charger is not meant for the US, but the company that I bought this from Mobile Front sent me an adapter.
Love it ! Love it ! & LOVE IT !😘😘😘😘😘❤❤❤💖💞💞💟💟👍👍👍💓💓💓💕It has finger scanner in the front ,really novel.Big & really nice cellphone.The only drawback is that it's a bit slippery material，but i still love it!Texture feels good, nobleFast shipping,good seller.
This phone is a great purchase. Coming from a samsung s4 mini i had to get used to how much bigger this phone is. The screen is huge and perfect to watch movies and videos. It takes good pictures and the speaker is surprisingly loud. Please note that you need to be familiar with samsungs when you first turn on the phone because everything is in chinese and you will need to change the language. An excellent phone overall.
very god choice
Very good & capable phone I am really happy with this purchasecons.software is buggy
Still debating whether to get cricket wireless or T-Mobile but man this thing is awesome loving it so far!
Things started off rocky but ended up smooth. I bought 2 phones after reviewing the question and answer section very closely to see if they would be compatible with T- Mobile in the U.S. The phones are pretty but they DO NOT get 4g LTE on T-Mobile. They work fine for calls but Apps and the internet were difficult to get going. We quickly noticed that we couldn't send or receive group and picture text messages. We couldn't use You Tube, I- Heart radio or Pandora music apps unless we are in certain areas. We went to our US carrier more than ten times in two days to change settings and fix the issues and even contacted the seller to return them. While waiting on the sellers response, we found the right settings and we haven't had problems since. These phones get H+ speeds, not LTE but otherwise do everything as advertised. The screens are clear and bright and they have flagship build quality. Battery life is excellent and you will probably get two days of use before recharging. The seller granted us the return, but now we want to keep them. I have to give the seller High marks for customer service. The shipment was fast as well as their response to us. The moral of all this is that if you are going to get a international phone that a US carrier doesn't have, get ready for some frustrating times until they get it to work properly on their network. There will be a learning curve for them and you. Once they do, the phone just might be worth the wait.
Just setting up this phone on cricket wireless network,had to add data settings manually first try got edge,went back in the settings and check 4g automatically and it's blazing, the screen Is awesome ,am coming from a S5 and am not missing it, love it.
You want a phone? You have it.You want a tablet? You also have itAmazing phablet by Samsung which comes with 13 megapixels rear camera and 8 megapixels selfie camera. One of the best buys I've done for myself so far. This phone is truly amazing !
Excellent
Great budget phone, came unlocked with all of the accesories. Just inserted the SIM and the phone was able to connect to the wireless network.
Great item, thank you
Loved the phone, but it wouldn't work on my network. It must have been a European product because it came with Polish or Russian as the default language -
Excellent phone to take internationally, i use to rent a phone on my trips to south america,this phone works great over there and the price was very reasonable
Excellent, is the second phone, buy with you.Thanks, the phone it is very similar to S3 mini, is very good choice
For the price this phone is way too good. The Audio is mind blowing with headphones. I never realized that the songs were recorded this well!!Reception is great. Much better than LG Phones.Camera is kind of OK for the resolution allocated. [As a semi Pro IGPS is surprisingly very accurate.Detected my exact locations quickly.Classy. Almost same size as iPhones [this could be a disadvantageous for Netflix and TV Show viewers]
Complies with all the features of the smartphone Samsung Galaxy line at a good price, despite having only 4GB compensated with the use of micro SDHC support up to 32GB
I got this phone as a gift for my girlfriend, tested it before i wrapped it for her, gotta say that it's a very good phone, overally quality, smooth, good looking, got more than what i payed for, Samsung it's such a good brand. and i just saw on the website it can be upgraded to ice cream sandwich
Bien
It works perfectly in Venezuela with Movilnet (2G/ 3G - 850/ 1900)It's light, HD, beautiful, and very fast. I love it.
thx good product it's same like i get he's good saler .naji saleh albalawi rate 5 thx new york
I bought this to replace an aging Blackberry Bold. I really liked the Blackberry but needed a new phone with a bigger screen. I compared the iPhone 4S, 5 and the Galaxy Ace 2, and Galaxy SII. The iPhones just didn't do it for me. After you weed through all the hype, its a smartphone that is more trendy than useful. At over $600 for 4S and $800 for the 32GB iPhone 5, it was too costly for the features included. The SII was too large to fit comfortably in my hand and felt like a small tablet. The Ace 2 had all the features I needed at a reasonable price. I've had the phone for 2 weeks and have no complaints. Would definitely recommend over iPhone.
Very good phone, excellent screen resolution, no lag whatsoever, and the camera does the job. Working great in Venezuela. Also the phone has a unbeatable price. Totally recommended.
is Fast, Friendly, very well shaped and design, 5 thumps up for this phone. and from this seller as soon as i put the sim card inmediatly reconigze the net and starter to download all what it need to update it.
Todo llego en excelente estado el trato del vendedor fue bueno lo recomiendoooo... es un telefono demasiado buenoo!!.. llego a venezuela en buen estado
I chose this phone because I wanted something similar to the iPhone but not as expensive. As it turns out, it is more than expected! It is light easy enough to learn the features by trying them out. The instruction manual is not very explicit. I definitely recommend that phone.
the model tha i recibe was I8160L (3G at 850/1900 MHz movistar and movilnet venezuela), the shipment was excelente before the timeel modelo que recibí fue I8160L (3G para 850/1900 MHz movistar y movilnet venezuela), el envío fue excelente llego antes de lo indicado
GRACIAS EL CELULAR LLEGO MUY BIEN.. A TIEMPO EL COLOR PERFECTO PARA MI CUÑADA MUCHAS GRACIAS POR CUMPLIR.... CON EL TIEMPO ACORDADO PÁRA EL ENVIO
Excelente equipo todo resulto como lo esperado Excelente el tiempo de entrega y el envio cubrio toda espectativa Good work
este producto llego en muy buen estado y también a tiempo muy buen equipo recomendable tiene muy buenas aplicaciones y es muy fácil de manipular.
Este telefono no funciona con digitel, aunque dice que tiene las bandas para digitel 3G no sirve, solo movistar y movilnet. Deberian revisar mejor los detalles de venta de la mercancia.
Tal como lo esperaba. el envío fué a tiempo y el celular llegó muy bien empaquetado y asegurado. recomendado por el precio y por la calidad del envío. gracias.
Es un celular excelente, pantalla nítida, descarga rápida. Todo perfecto. Lo único malo es que siendo el español un idioma tan importante pues no lo tiene. Tiene puros idiomas asiáticos y el inglés.
I bought this for my Wife.I runs smoothly. I downloaded apps and games for my wife and it didn't get slow. I put a 32 Gb micro SD for storage.She loves it, because it is fast, nice and it is not heavy at all.In White it looks really nice.It was delivered in like only 2 days, and I expected 8 days. They are fast. i recommend this product. It has no simbols from "X" cellphone company. It is factory unlocked as they said. The quality of the cellphone is good.
Exellent
Excellent
it works perfectly
The phone is what I wanted
excelente
excelente
Good
fine
excellent
excellent
Excelent Product
excelente
perfec
very good
exelente
So Far So good.
Excellent!
Excellent phone. Meets all my requirements. Excellent relation price value.
excelent
I find high quality product and the delivery time is fulfilled relax I have no complaints recomieno seller
EXCELENTE
i love it
excellent
Good Phone
excellent
I was reluctant to get a smartphone and finally decided to join the rest of the world. Best decision. This phone was easy enough to figure out without a manual. Which worked out well, since the manual was in Italian.
excellent
Muy bien
BUEN TELEFONO
Great phone for my needs.
very good
Very good
I love it... works great...very fast...very light....good size tooo, not too big like the S3, but not too small either
I absolutely love this phone. Its not too big, not too small. It fits the person who likes a neat Android instead of the refridgerator type sized phones. It was clean and nice. I also got this as a gift for my fiance' and I know he will absolutely love it. He hasnt seen it yet but I have tested it out and I am absolutely jealous that I didnt get one for myself now that Ive gotten one for him. He doesnt like complicated devices and this was pretty straight forward and easy to use. It was unlocked like I asked for it to be. Very user friendly and I just prefer white phones over black phones so I got it in white. I am happy I did because it looks soo sleek and clean. my baby is a spoiled guy but for his good deeds, he deserves this as a present. Smiles :) It is really a nice phone. what can I say? Overall, I absolutely love it!
The cell phone was in perfect conditions, brand new. Samsung is a very good brand of cell phones and for that I recommend to buy this smart phone
Excelente compra todo en perfecto estado sin problemas recomendados 100 porciento ninguna queja buen trato bueno en todo sin novedad
excellent Item
Todo muy bienrecuerden que para activarlo en Venezuela con Movistar deben presentar sus facturasintacto y tiene todo lo que dice la descripción
Me encanto mi telefono, este sistema es novedoso y las aplicaciones son muy buenas, recomendable 100 % para 3G digitel
total confianza y satisfacción el un producto de excelente calidad el tiempo de entrega fue muy breve y estoy muy contento
great phone for the money
Very Good!
LO TENGO AUN
good
perfect
is a galaxy
Good product recommend. Good delivery time.
I choose it for a present and for sure it was worth paying.My sister liked it. It has almost all what you need nowadays.
is beautiful, easy to use, interactive, has two cameras, faster, memory is expandable, size is good, ergonomic, I can me down several applications and operate without problem.... is great
This phone was for my wife and she loves it. My daughter used to have the original galaxy ace and has upgraded to the galaxy SII by now.This phone definitely hits the spot for midrange android phone with great performance. It is a major upgrade to the original ace.Of course it is smaller than the SII but that's actually appealing as it fits easily anywhere. Shipping was fast and arrived unlocked as promised. Definitely a winner for us.
Come brand new sealed from the box, works perfect and I love it. very versatile smartphone, wide better than blackberrys
So far I'm very happy with my new phone. It's fast, the touchscreen is fast and responsive, the camera is very nice (and it has both front and back facing cameras), has loads of internal space. It's all I wanted of a smartphone. For this price this was definitely the best choice.
I bought them as gifts and people like it. It's light and do what It was made for. No complains.
That is my second smartphone and so far I only have positive emotions about it.I've been using it for a month as for now and here is what I can tell about it:+ Big enough screen+ Easy-to-learn interface+ High-quality camera+ Good battery endurance (Lasts for two days for me).+ Great design- On a sunny day I can barely see the screen, which is quite a flaw.Otherwise, no complaints at all. I am totally satisfied with the phone
Looks like this is the one I was needing! You were fast in shipping and handling and I really appreciate it.
I was waiting for the I-8160 instead i received the I-8160L and this was the only inconvenient i got, this made me switch companies because the company i had didn't support the 3G network from this modelFWY for Future venezuelan costumers:Digitel works with 900/2100 (I-8160)Movilnet & Movistar work with 850/1900 (I-8160L)either model you receive you will be capable of using them here in venezuelaanyway, back to the product, nice phone, the 3G works in excellent form, the camera is great and the display is an excellent improvement from my previous phonei recomend this phone
corresponde a lo comprado muy bueno, excelente producto
This is a very nice phone. It is just as represented. I purchased it for my wife. It arrived in less than a week with standard shipping. The phone was packaged in its original factory retail packaging (nice, elegant, white box), and sealed with all the usual original factory seals still intact with no evidence of ever being opened before. This was evident when you opened the box an saw how nicely everything was packaged. This is why I like buying items that are fulfilled by Amazon.Performance: The phone is very fast and the screen is extremely responsive, besides being very bright and sharp, with great colors. Screen changes and menu navigation is very fast. You can really tell the difference with its dual core processor performance. The WiFi set up in my home was intuitive, it went quickly and very smoothly. It did the hand shake with my wireless modem/router right away and asked me for the key. The WiFi speed is much, much faster than the Galaxy GT-S5360 that I currently own for myself. It was also nice to have the Micro SD card slot accessible from the side of the phone instead of having to open the back cover. The only reason you'll have to open the back cover is to insert the SIM card and/or to get to the battery. Also, this phone's performance in synchronizing with Samsung KIES is way faster than my GT-S5360.The camera photo quality is very satisfactory for a cell phone. Even interior pictures with natural light were good. Just make sure you give a brief moment of time for the auto focus to do it's job. The front VGA video camera seemed to by fine also.Don't worry about some comments from people indicating that it came with a foreign language. It doesn't matter. The minute you start the phone, the very first screen that pops up contains the language selection box, with a drop-down menu. It displays the current language. To change it, simply click on it and scroll down the drop-down menu and select the language that you wish to use. The language selections are written in their native spelling, so it's super easy to spot the desired language by anyone. In my case, I scrolled down to "English" and that was it. Immediately thereafter all the set up screens popped up in English. They also provided a small 2-prong US adapter for the European charger. It's handy to have the European charger if you ever travel to Europe, as we sometimes do. The charger itself is universal, so it will work worldwide with the right adapter.Don't forget to order your SD card and protective case cover at the same time so as to save on freight. Also, you'll need the SD card to get started with syncing and other activities, so it's good to have it at the same time.Cons: So far we haven't experienced anything that we didn't like, but we'll update if we do.
i didn't realize that this phone doesn't have a zoom but of the reste everything it's ok.. it's working without problems.
I love the phone but 3g is not working on my at&t sim card. Hope i knew it before i placed my order.
It's unlocked and I use my T-mobile chip without any problem. All the app, screen, ... works very good. For the price I really recommend this cell.
for the price (its the same as the iphone 3gs), its grate! i live in USA and works perfect with my pay to go chip!
excellent product
Loved the phone ! Not too big and not too small. A very affordable price for an advanced smartphone too.
I have had this phone for about a week now, and so far it works great. I was afraid it would not be as fast because it has an earlier version of Android, but that is not the case. I hardly have trouble with this phone, it doesn't lag as expected from phones with earlier Android versions. I am still considering whether to update or not since it is working so well for me as it is. Internet is fast, apps run smoothly and I can make basic phone calls and text. I have taken few pictures with it and have not explored all of the settings yet to see how well it works. But I am not expecting professional photos. It is after all, just a phone. In that case you might as well just use a regular camera.
Excelente!
Pretty decent smart phone for a cheaper price. My wife loves it and works well with ATT GoPhone. This model is intended for european market and manual are usally not in english. But you can download the english version on samsung website.
He is very happy with it . as soon as He got it . He intalled the sime card from his other cell and it woked perfect. He is with Mobistar.
I bought the phone for a gift from my mother, and she loved it, was able to connect without problem to any wifi and data quality is very good! currently uses for the operator Digitel Venezuela and works perfectly in a phone that has it all, and everything she needs! recommended
The baterries worked very well. Now they are better than the original, and I am using always because they last more.
Great Product!!
this is the perfect phone what actually i needed..its really a good phone and a better quality..thank you very much.
this is a very nice phone, I don't need the fastest most advanced equipment. It is solid and dependable. Samsung makes a good product
Bought it for my daughter. She loves it, it works great and shipped just as the shipper promised with all the accessories.
This phone works in French Polynesia-Tahiti!!!! I was scared it won't when i ordered! Now it works, i hope it will last for awhile! Mahalo nui loa and Merci beaucoup!
Minimalist and Modern DesignA minimalist design makes the GALAXY Ace a sophisticated mobile phone that will captivate you. Its rounded edges and slim, compact size are a treat for your hands and you will love seeing the great HVGA screen 3.5 ".
This phone does everything I want as a busy mother of 2. I am not a techy but have figured out how to use this. I have no complaints. I use the email, google calendar, camera and phone primarily. From what I can tell so far the pictures this camera takes are sufficient, not superb. No complaints on this budget friendly phone. I use Pure Talk as my carrier.
The best phone I've ever had, excelent relationship between price and value, I hope there would be lots of accesories for this phone
Excellent
100%
Exelent
Phone is working great. Can only get Edge on T-Mobile data side. Not a big deal since it's for my mom and she doesn't really need much data.
Is a great phone if you do not need tons of internal memory, but if you love to use your cell phone to watch videos, photos in facebook and you need a lot of applications, i recommend to buy a cell phone with no less than 8 MB of internal memory.
Always a quality product with no issues and a good Seller.
good
is really good product im from venezuela and it works well really good recomend it 100% really good phone i recomend it
The product arrived as requested with applying settings new in box sealed all ok 100% 10/10this is a great phone is affordable is fast, and is comfortable
Yeah i like this phone a lot. it pretty much does everything every other android phone does. good buy it works with straight talk if you buy the compatible sim. &the picture quality is better than I expected
Actually i havent had any inconviniece whatsoever with the product. Its fast, its easy to handle, its visually beautiful and works exellent..
Buenas tardes a todos y todas recomiendo tan excelente equipo de telefono fue entrgado a tiempo y llego sin inconveneiente
Bought this to my wife. This is her first smartphone, since she is not technology oriented. I'm an Android user for three years, so I decided this was the one.The phone comes with Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread, however there's official word by Samsung there's a Jelly bean update coming.Most important (to my wife) it's really a beautiful phone, resembling a Galaxy S III, and it looks terribly beautiful in white!
It works great. even better than imagined. big screen even bigger than the iphone. would definetly recommend this phone. Love the white too.
I spent over an hour trying to decide on what kind of phone to get and it had to be at a good price. I wanted a phone with a flash and a foward facing camera. I came across a few but this one stuck out. I also needed a unlocked phone because I have pre-paid. I was very nervous because I've never owned a unlocked phone before and wasn't sure what to expect. I literally read every review for this phone *the English reviews because I speak only minor Spanish*. I weighed the negative to the postive and decided to order it. It came a day early and I tracked it so I would know when it was in my city. I waited 3 hours outside for the mail man, THAT is how much I wanted to go ahead and try this phone! I opened the box expecting something used or not right *the negative reviews scared me alittle lol*. But..everything was BRAND NEW!!!! It came with the phone *of course*, Charger, a European charger, and even earbuds for the phone. This phone is light but it runs VERY good! I did have to download a app to allow me to use MMS on my phone because it is a unlocked phone and I have AT&T. It's a free app and now I can send pictures and receive them now. The camera on the phone is very vivid. The flash is BRIGHT lol but thats what I wanted! The foward facing camera words very good as well. Both camera's seem to take High Resolution pictures. The phone came and looked exactly like the picture. You do get to set the language if you need to "it was on European English when it first turned on, English, United States is right under it". I synced my Google Account to it and everything else was tooken care of. The call quality is great and so is the speaker quality. This phone is so amazing! My brother has a iPhone 4 and was impressed with this phone because it's a definite upgrade for me and it was only $206. I'm in love with this phone!!!!!
I love all things Samsung, and this is no exception. When tasked with purchasing multiple devices for user testing at my office, I knew right where to go and wasn't disappointed. Amazon, you ROCK! I know it's not an SII or SIII, but it's still a decent little phone and the ease of use is phenomenal. Plus, the product and packaging were in pristine condition. Overall, great purchase!
fine very good
Good
good
excellent product , I recommend it 100 %
all good thanks
Very good
bueno
excelente producto...
perfect
Excelellent Products
Cool
Excellent product 100% recommended seller
Very good phone
This is a good item
A value proposition. It works as expected, except it came in German. I spent more time than i would have liked setting the language to English. I recommend just breezing through the setup and changing everything after setting language to English. The first thing I noticed was that the screen was a bit small and you cannot type reliable horizontally. But given the price, it's hard to expect more.
If you are okay with a smaller phone than you will like this one, its easy to operate and just enough for what you would need a cell phone for. Also it doesn't break easy, I've dropped it a bunch of times and still works well.
I love this phone!!!! It is exactly what I wanted from a smartphone!!! WiFi, nice apps, nice style, good navigations, etc...
The camera on the phone needs to have a zoom feature. Everything else about the phone is great. I would recommend.
I super great upgrade from its predecessor... I highly recommend for a adorable mid tier mobile device..... Dual core .8 GHz is relativity fast
I wanted a smart phone which was cheap and yet a smart phone, it served the same, I was able to access Skype, email, face book and all at my finger tips while using my 02 sim in Europe. As I was traveling without my daughter but was relieved as I could talk to her on Skype anywhere I wanted .would highly recommend it
It's a decent mid range phone, its slow and can lag sometimes and has an outdated android gingerbread os but it's good enough for day to day use.**the battery life is good**It really is, it can last over a day and night which is better than other phones
It looks great and works from start perfectly. It is worth for the money you pay. Battery last enough for the day
A very good phone at a great price. Fully meets my requirements. Good resolution of the camera, good sound in the video conference.
EXCELENTE
Buen Articulo
satisfecho
excellent product, excellent seller, recommend
Excelent
Is a wonderfull phone for the price.
EXCELENT
good product
great phone
Excelent
yes this is an S3 but smaller is quick, potent, and nicethe only issue it needs its ice cream but i hope will be very soon
Its quite amazing and impresses me a lot with its great features. The look and feel of the phone is simply excellent and I really love using it.
this phone is a great buy, you can't go worng with this one. I give it a five (5) star.
muy buen producto lo encontre sin ningun detalle muy puntual la llegada muy responsable mi celular m llego en excelente estado
This is a decent phone. I got the white one.Some high lights:Pros:- Screen size is 3.8". It has multi-touch and screen detailing is crisp. Phone has a compact size.- Run smoothly on decent specs with dual core 800 MHz processor and 4 Gigs of internal memory. (a bit below the 1GHz on some high end phones with this same processor so this phone is probably underclocked for better battery life).- The phone has 768MB of RAM. (a bit below the 1GB on some high end phones).- Front-facing camera for video conferencing!! This gives the ability to skype or video-gtalk. Also gives the ability to add a face unlock app which is really nice.- Mobile Hotstop for tethering; WiFi Direct.- 1500 mAh battery with very good life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use - I get 30 to 40 hours on a single charge.- microSDHC up to 32 GBCons:- Gingerbread 2.3.6 (Would have liked to see ICS 4.0x on the newer phones coming out this year, I have seen only one reference to possible Android Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0x upgrade)- Maybe the price is a tad high @ $290 and a lower price of $250 would be more competitive.- Camera could be snappier. Hopefully an update would take care of this.Network: Update 12/04/2012- 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900- 3G Network:GT I8160 - 900/2100 MHz BandsGT I8160L - 850/1900 MHz BandsNote:Amazon list the phone as GT-I8160 but there are actually two models of this phone which have different 3g bands. I ordered the GT I8160 from Open Group Wireless. Check with the vendor for the model number before you order.Overall:This is a nice phone with internal specs just below some of the high end phones.
It is very fluid, very fast, great camera, great interface and resolution
no me ah llegado
Nice phone.. Ideal is you want a small phone for simple use.
Good!!
good
muy bueno
I loved this phone and would purchase a Samsung Galaxy again.
good
Excellent Good afternoon to make their purchase
excelente producto
GOOD
very good
Excellent though I could not enjoy because stole me two weeks later. we have Patria
EXCELENTE
nice product! nice seller!
excellent
Exelent
Excelent
Great phone!
si
excelente telefono!
EXCELENTE!
excellent
excelente
excelente producto
it is a good phone, i have not any problems with this, and it works perfectly out of the usa. the perfect size and the screen resolution is really good
very good very good very good very good excellent thank you very good very good very good very good excellent thank you very good very good very good very good excellent thank you very good very good very good very good excellent thank you Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product.Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations.Don't describe your seller or shipping experience (you can do that at amazon.com/feedback).Don't include promotional content of any kind or reviews written in exchange for compensation.
I love the phone and I am recommending it to my friends.I'm happy with my purchase.Thank you very much for offering.
A very poweful phone if you take into consideration the price. It has enough RAM memory and screen resolution is more than I was expecting for. I bought it to be used with Movilnet (CellPhone Venezuelan operator) and it worked very fastly on 3G.
It is a mobile, comfortable, ideal for beginners with android. It is an economical and meets expectations good, nice and cheap.
excellent cell phone, easy to use, great camera, the battery lasts long enough,the screen resolution very good and nice, I like the phone
Perfect work with Movilnet in VENEZUELA.Complete Accesories.Recomended. A Very Light Phone. Run Smooth.Good subtitute for S3 a good price.Love it
I like this phone. The seller was awesome. i got the phone on time and everything was like it was described. I don't, however, like how to the texting keyboard is so small so i just use the swipe pad instead.
Exelent phone great fetures to get entry to the world of smartphone android work just fine the design is very good comfortable on hand. The camera is good to the range of price and the screen looks good but no exlent under sun ligthin general good phone
excellent, my purchase came to me on time and in perfect condition, no complaints and I think they deserve five stars for outstanding work as
I bought this phone for my wife and she loved it.It was her first smart phone. Perfect size and functions.
good
excellent product just pass a scare for a moment I thought the phone get damaged me, but the fault was that the battery will stay a little loose and would not start so I had to put a piece of paper so that the stack is just so the garment and phone ...
I thought it had a front camera did not realize until the person in a different country told me it did not have one. the phone is good other wise.
good
Good Phone
Wanted cell like the Galaxy 2 that this replaced. This is just a bit smaller in size not larger than the G2. GREAT for me. This has two mini sims cards. I will use with AT&T service. But you can choose who your service is with except two as stated. Information sheet included to start phone. ie: charge your phone, put batt here and where to put the sims card(s). This uses TWO mini sized cards (never seen one). My old sims card will not fit. Could not find information on line at first as the Samsung site would not take the codes on the box. (SM-G318ML) I called the help number on the site. It took a while but I did get to down load the information sheet for this phone. The main thing was when I went to Samsung galaxy site is had a US at the end. This cell is made for the UK. ie: England. Here is the information sheet if you want to view first. And your welcome.http://downloadcenter.samsung.com/content/UM/201505/20150511132052841/SM-G318H_UM_EU_Kitkat_Eng_Rev.1.0_150511.pdfNow I could just print or just save in my computer when I have a problem or questions. But Samsung did say they will mail me a hard copy (about two weeks).Now about the sims card. I went to my AT&T dealer. Great Idea they were great (Cleveland, Georgia). They have a machine that cuts the large card smaller (could have done that my self but did not know. Trim a littler on each side). They added another card free made sure all was up and working etc. etc. I was out the door with NO CHARGE. Great "smart phone". It does everything my old S2 did ALMOST. Plus a much better battery. I went with black color. Only thing I found was you can't do a selfie with this phone. Photos are good but not as good as the S2. I does have a flash. That's not a problem for my. Sometime I use phone for photos. Most of time I use a camera. My purchase was less then $100.00. Received in TWO days at no extra charge. Very happy. I can still use belt cases that I have purchase for other phone. An really do love the smaller size. Slips in shirt pocket. I can even see the screen easy. Bright screen, loud. Comes with Ear buds and 110 charger. Down loaded my apps that I used before. So far great. I just had to do a little work to get everything together. Now you will give 5 stars. As I did the work for you. enjoy,
Very nice telephone, I needed this for traveling outside the country and this worked perfectly. I kept in touch with email, able to search and it was compatible with the local phone service. It even took nice pictures so for the price a good option.
Great
Looks great!
Good
Works
Cool
Purchased for my son and he gets plenty of use out of it.
Excellent phone
Nice phone...
It was great to have it just put the SIM card that was it .Need two more
I didn't get my phone
Excelent. Thanks.
Ok
Thanks great overall
phone works great!
The battery dies very quickly though but the phone is great
It worked . Old but useful
Gift for mom and she loves it
Muy Bueno
Love it
Bought this phone for my mom she loves it and i agree it an great phone im amazed by the price
Love it, purchased to bring over seas. For this price how can I go wrong.
It is good
Love it
Nice phone
Works great
Good.
thank you very much very happy
This is my favorite cell phone, ever! Easy to use. Dummy friendly. I use a bare bones phone plan - no frills and this phone works well even with my cheap-o plan. I am very pleased.
Good
work as advertise.
if only the service i used would work with it id love it.
For the price, it's quite a nice phone
good
Very good
Nice goog customer service.
I rate it a 5 star
I am older and wanted something simple and it is perfect for me.
Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 Neo is a nice phone. I love it.
This gave me no stress at all
is good
This phone is very interesting with all the features
works well, easy to use , excellent features
great product
Samsung phones are durable I've always loved them. But phone was a midget size not used to tiny phones like that...Works great. A gift though...
Nice
Excellent
thanks.
I wanted an unlocked travel phone primarily for voice and text and this one was fine for the price. There were a number of apps that would not recognize the phone (Metroman, Waygo) and you must keep alert to the battery life. If you are on a budget, this is a great deal.
Internet works good on mobile data, Contact Phone # list scrolls very nicely
very good cell =) for me has 5 stars, I recommend it!! 
Works very well. Good price
Because my last name is Harrison, nothing works! This phone did what is was suppose to, what the heck! I am very pleased. Thanks!!!
Phone came a little late but works fine
Love it and I want more
This is a replacement phone for a co worker that is working perfectly on the gsm Network in the USVI
bough this phone for my mom, she loves it! it is working fine so far!
Exactly as it said. Smaller screen just like I wanted. Easily fits in front or back pocket.
God
I was perfect for my nephew! Thank's
very good
I love this phone.
Excellent phone
Nice phone...
It was great to have it just put the SIM card that was it .Need two more
I didn't get my phone
Ok
Thanks great overall
I thought it had a front camera did not realize until the person in a different country told me it did not have one. the phone is good other wise.
Good Phone
Wanted cell like the Galaxy 2 that this replaced. This is just a bit smaller in size not larger than the G2. GREAT for me. This has two mini sims cards. I will use with AT&T service. But you can choose who your service is with except two as stated. Information sheet included to start phone. ie: charge your phone, put batt here and where to put the sims card(s). This uses TWO mini sized cards (never seen one). My old sims card will not fit. Could not find information on line at first as the Samsung site would not take the codes on the box. (SM-G318ML) I called the help number on the site. It took a while but I did get to down load the information sheet for this phone. The main thing was when I went to Samsung galaxy site is had a US at the end. This cell is made for the UK. ie: England. Here is the information sheet if you want to view first. And your welcome.http://downloadcenter.samsung.com/content/UM/201505/20150511132052841/SM-G318H_UM_EU_Kitkat_Eng_Rev.1.0_150511.pdfNow I could just print or just save in my computer when I have a problem or questions. But Samsung did say they will mail me a hard copy (about two weeks).Now about the sims card. I went to my AT&T dealer. Great Idea they were great (Cleveland, Georgia). They have a machine that cuts the large card smaller (could have done that my self but did not know. Trim a littler on each side). They added another card free made sure all was up and working etc. etc. I was out the door with NO CHARGE. Great "smart phone". It does everything my old S2 did ALMOST. Plus a much better battery. I went with black color. Only thing I found was you can't do a selfie with this phone. Photos are good but not as good as the S2. I does have a flash. That's not a problem for my. Sometime I use phone for photos. Most of time I use a camera. My purchase was less then $100.00. Received in TWO days at no extra charge. Very happy. I can still use belt cases that I have purchase for other phone. An really do love the smaller size. Slips in shirt pocket. I can even see the screen easy. Bright screen, loud. Comes with Ear buds and 110 charger. Down loaded my apps that I used before. So far great. I just had to do a little work to get everything together. Now you will give 5 stars. As I did the work for you. enjoy,
Good
Works
Cool
Purchased for my son and he gets plenty of use out of it.
It is good
Love it
Nice phone
Works great
Good.
thank you very much very happy
This is my favorite cell phone, ever! Easy to use. Dummy friendly. I use a bare bones phone plan - no frills and this phone works well even with my cheap-o plan. I am very pleased.
phone works great!
The battery dies very quickly though but the phone is great
It worked . Old but useful
Gift for mom and she loves it
Muy Bueno
Love it
Bought this phone for my mom she loves it and i agree it an great phone im amazed by the price
phone arrived on time and just as described. love this phone. its unlocked a comes with original packaging. recently purchased an unlocked Galaxy SII and came with missing earpiece, etc and phone looked like refurb.
Great phone..recommend any time...
This phone is the perfect size for actually using it daily. Tasks were zippy, the design is flawless, the camera is a nice bonus which takes much better pictures than I expected. Could not recommend this highly enough.Note: I am using it on t-mobile. AT&T is the worst for bloatware, just go into setting/application manager/ find each AT&T app, clear the cache, clear the data, turn off notifications, then turn the app off.
Amazing! So happy. This is a great phone. Just delete all the at&t stuff off of it. Would take this over a new iphone that cost twice as much even if I got a choice between them and didn't have to pay.
this doesnt come with headphones
Great Product!!
I bought this phone for my mother-in-law and sure love as far as what I have tried. Picture is awesome and has diferent features as you can take 2 pictures at the same time front and back camera.A small size for her it has been perfect as she said, not my style but it is very light and good enough if you are into androids and small screen.
Many talk about how this phone has a premium feel, and there's no doubt that it does. But honestly looks aren't everything.This phone is very competitive for the price bracket. At the time of this review it's also running the latest Samsung interface; no Lollipop yet though.I've run AnTuTu benchmark several times on this phone and average around 42000. I have not made any modifications to my phone.Reception for both WiFi and mobile seem to be better than I've had with other phones. I notice that my signal isn't dropping in locations other devices would lose reception.The PPI density is 720p, while most phones these days are 1080p. However, this is nothing to concern yourself with as 720p is all that's needed on a 4.7" screen to achieve an excellent sharpness. Colors feel plenty vibrant; the backlight is bright enough to see in this Florida sunshine.I'm not sure how others feel about the fingerprint scanner, but it's okay. It seems you must align your finger vertically for it to register properly. Because of this it's difficult to use the scanner with only one hand; unless you're double jointed in your thumb maybe?In addition to the fingerprint scanner you can also check your heart rate on this phone! It seems fairly accurate to me. There is also a pedometer if you are the exercising type. This is another great thing to consider as a lot of exercise accessories are fit for an iPhone, which this device should be interchangeable with due to its size.The camera is okay. Not great, not bad, just okay. It's definitely fast! I don't know how I feel about the flash; it drowns out photos a bit indoors. Not a huge concern I guess; you could run your photos through free editing software and fix the coloring with automatic settings.I've purchased many different phone brands in my time and I've always been happy with Samsung. I did skip a few generations here and there but I feel like this phone is an absolute must if you're considering the 4.7" bracket.It might be worth mentioning the phone is a little slippery than others I've used; perhaps it's the aluminum trim? I would recommend buying a case along with the phone rather quickly.
Phone came sooner than expected, works fine with Tmobile. No extra setting changes needed, works just fine. With a good pair of scissors I was able to cut my micro sim to make it a nano sim. Check youtube if you need some visual help, very easy to do. If you ruin the sim in the process, you would have had to buy a new one anyways so it's worth trying.
I love that smartphone!! Awesome
Great phone. I wanted a Galaxy but did not want the larger screen. At less than 5", was just what I needed. IT has all the features of the rest of the Galaxy family. Smooth update to the latest android version.
Amazing phone. Great battery life. Works on T-Mobile LTE after APN modification. If you want a smaller sized phone to fit in your shirt pocket, there is no other phone in this price range which works with both AT&T and T-Mobile LTE. Sony xperia z3 compact also works but costs more money.Buy it and you won't be disappointed. If you are using it for T-Mobile, go to app manager and disable all the AT&T preloaded bloat-ware.
I love it. Super fast, nice camera, and a sexy design!
All flagship phones are getting larger and larger, most of them with 5.5" screens. All major companies make compact models a well but they're always significantly handicapped in comparison. The Alpha, Samsung's test at an all metal phone was a truly successful one. So much so, that they built a whole new line based on it - the A line, including the A3 with a 4.5" screen, the A5 with a 5" screen and the A7 with a 5.5". The golden 4.7" size is missing from Samsung's A line of thin metal phone, and against all logic, they decided to stop manufacturing the Alpha. Being the smallest, lightest phone to include a 4/8 -core (depending on the exact model) processor and 2GB or RAM, not to mention being all metal and including a fingerprint reader, it's a shame to see it discontinued.I bought the Alpha for three of my family members and they all love it both for its design and for its capabilities.Get it while you still can.
I had a Galaxy S3 and was ready to upgrade, my friend purchased this phone and liked it so I decided to try it. I have T mobile and read several reviews with mixed emotions, but the positive outweighed the negative. The phone is awesome in every say! I had to purchase a nano Sim card and followed the instructions to get the 4G to work and I have no major complaints. I am so glad I choose this phone as oppose to spending more money for an equivalent product. My son is thinking about getting one now!My minor complaint is no headphones were include, the shutter speed is not as fast as I anticipated and no memory card slot, but so far I don't think I will need it.Overall the phone is sleek, lightweight, fast and easy to use....love the finger print recognition!
can anyone tell me why i cant use mobile botspot if my phone is apparently unlocked
Good phone...I was hesitant at first but had no problems connecting it with AT&T...the 4g LTE works great... I've had it for 4 months and it is still working!!
I got the phone and put it with straight talk and I get fast 4G LTE and I'm very happy I decided to get it. It is the perfect size and doesn't cost too much.
Got the phone yesterday and had it activated right away. I love how it works. Very responsive and the display looks really clear. The only thing I would change is the ability to expand the storage space. However it looks like I can send pictures and stuff out to the cloud so no big deal. The font in the booklet that comes with the phone is a little small and not very clear but there is so much you can figure out on the phone itself. I am very happy with this purchase.
Love this phone! It is fast. Camera is better than the last phone ( galaxy light). It is slick looking. Battery life is the same as previous phone,it dies by end of day (evening). I charge it overnight. No improvement as far as battery. All in all, Great phone!! Perfect size, fast, decent camera , and slick looking! Would recommend!! Also has a heart monitor..
Very fast. No problem with phones. Great!
Nice and sexy
I purchased this phone in February, 2015. At first, I had few problems with it. Camera did not work at first opening I needed to restart the program. But over a month or two this problem disappeared. Also, since start and til now, the message sound is quieter than normal but as second message comes at that time the sound becomes normal. I got used to it, and since normally the phone is actually loud, that lower tone for first message is quite nice because then I don't get scared of sudden loud sound. But it's a personal thing. Some people would say it's negative side. Few days ago I had a problem that it could not charge, but it might be because some crumb got into charging port. I never figured out why it happened, but same day this problem vanished. Now everything is fine.If you are android fan and want a smaller size phone, this is great. It is very responsive and fast. I use it with t-mobile and connection is wonderful. In addition, I can't remember a time that this phone would freeze, probably it never happened or just for very short time that I didn't even notice. Battery life, I can't really say it's wonderful having in mind I use my phone alot but it is for sure better than my old S3 .
Bought the unlocked AT&T phone and popped in my Tmobile sim card. Works beautifully. However, I miss the Tmobile Wifi Calling App which this phone does not have. I have not yet found a way to add it. I love this phone's form more than any iPhone.
Excellent
Phone is perfect size for me, and is intuitive to use. Can't beat the price for all the features and 32GB!! It is close to the Galaxy 5 without the cost. Processor is quick. Camera works well. Battery charge could last longer, then I would give it 5 stars.
Very happy with the product. Order arrived on time. I loved the phone, brand new as specified . I replaced my old iPhone 4s for this one. Is faster, larger screen and I love it.
No headphones
I am totally in love with this phone! At first I bought it just to try it out for a week or so and so far I'm loving it. The size and shape is perfect, not too big and not too small it's just right
Great phone. I just need a phone that was faster than the iphone 4 and cheaper than the iphone 6 and this phone was perfect for that.
Phone works perfectly is exactly that I have expected of it.Runs fast, battery life is good considering that Battery capacity is not high, I use the phone (medium usage), and in the end of my day it has around 20%Touch experience is great, feels smooth and image is clear, sound is loud, design is fresh, metal frame feels perfect in the hand.I feel satisfied with this buy more for the price that I paidThe only cons that I found is the fingerprint technic is not the best, is necessary swipe the finger over the home button for use it, Galaxy 6 and Iphone 5 technologies are higher in this point because only have to put the finger over the button, and then wait around a sec to this be unlocked.The other point is that in this particular model from AT&T the WiFi hotspot is disabled by the carrier, I read that is necessary be root for unlock this lock.
It is unlocked and it works perfectly with T-Mobile right outta the box! One down fall imo is that it comes shipped with KitKat so I'm stuck w KK lame but there is an update 5.0.2 out according to at&t and Samsung website. Anyone figure out how to get a forced upgrade would you be so kind to reply and share here and comment thank you.Justin CramDyingJediHere is cut and paste from SamsungAT&T Galaxy ALPHA Android 5.0.2 Lollipop Firmware Details:Android Build: 5.0.2Baseband Version: G850AUCU1BOC6Kernel Version: 3.4.0-4486591 dpi@SWDD3915 #1Build#: LRX22G.G850AUCU1BOC6
Perfect
good
Using this on T-mobile. Other reviews suggested setup instructions; I found them unnecessary. My phone recognized the T-mobile network and 4G/LTE with no problem. I switched off the AT&T apps -- easy to do from the App screen. I do not like Android; I think it is clunky and energy-wasting (my Pre2/WebOS works better; this is also true for my tablets), but this is not a bad implementation. It is a good phone and a good general purpose smartphone. It fits better in the hand than larger models, fits in trouser pockets well enough (a bit too big for a hip case, unless you want to look like a tech-geek or survivalist). Call quality is good, generally; sound is good for music playback; camera produces good pictures. Much cheaper than the Galaxy S series; has a replaceable battery unlike the Galaxy A5. Samsung brought this out, then abandoned it a couple months later in favor the A series, which may have been a mistake.
Excellent cell phone. Its a little bit heavy but that's not an issue for me. It works perfect with 4G in Argentina.
This phone is awesome. Its definitely worth more than its selling price. Have been using this phone for about 3 months and I have never had a problem. It might have froze for a few seconds ones or twice but which phone hasn't after a few months. Only thing is the finger scanner does not recognize finger prints all the time. Sometimes it functions perfectly and other times don't, think its has to do with the moisture of your fingers. But hey great product any how. Worth every penny.
Great phone I love it!
Love this phone. Super fast.
The best love it
Worked right the way, battery life is crazy good, it held on stand by in the box for 7 days till I was able to use it cuz it needs a micro sym card
Great phone son is very happy with it
Coming from an old Samsung this phone is worlds better. My old phone was your basic phone that had a slide keyboard which worked fine for me considering all I really used it for was calls and texts. Eventually the buttons started to wear down and I decided it was time for a smartphone. I had wanted a Samsung Galaxy because I had heard good reviews from other people. The Galaxy Ss were a little out of my price range so I opted for this one. It works great for my basic calls and texts and for browsing the internet occasionally. I also love getting very useful apps like my Kroger and Pandora apps.
I LOVE THIS PHONE!! changed it from iphone 5 to galaxy alpha I love it! So fast, looks great, easy to handle. LOVE IT!
I purchased this product about a week ago, and it's been a wonderful purchase in that time frame. For the cost, about $250 when I bought it, it's the best no contact phone out there. It has the guts of a Galaxy S5, with a very capable processor and enough internal storage to install a good number of apps and music.It differs from the S5 in a few big, notable ways. For one, it has a metal frame, which sits very comfortably in the hands and gives it a solid feeling. It's certainly looks very nice, and if you've got a desire to have a phone with a stylish design, this one definitely fits the bill.On the downside, the display isn't quite as high res, it lacks an SD card slot for expandable storage, and it has a smaller, lower capacity battery compared to the S5. Thankfully, the lower resolution display still is very sharp, and you can still play videos at 720p resolution. The display also helps the battery life out, with the phone capable of lasting a decent 12-16 hours with moderate usage. With constant usage, it'll last about 8-10 hours.
Bought this for my teenage daughter. It's still in service a year later, so that is cause enough for a great rating.
As expected
This has arrived perfect state. Working without problem. I'm very happy.
Excelente seller
Just got this phone and so far it is awesome! I went to the ATT store and asked to start "go phone" service. They give you a sim card for free and you can choose from many prepaid plans, but I am doing unlimited talk/text/data for $40 per month. They let me keep my phone number (from Virgin Mobile) which was cool. The fingerprint scanner is fun to play with, as well as the heart monitor on the back. A nice upgrade over my last Samsung phone, a galaxy S2. The camera is also a nice upgrade! it takes much clearer pictures in low light than my galaxy S2 did and has many more features built in (panorama, etc).Really love the color - it is not a cheap "gold" phone but rather a very lightly tinted color, another reviewer described it as champagne which I think is a good description of the color and also since it is fancy :)
muy bueno
Nice
ok
My wife loves her new Galaxy Alpha. Chose the alpha for smaller size with S5 level performance. Too bad Samsung is discontinuing the Galaxy Alpha.
100% OK
Highly satisfied
phone came a day early! Very light and fast
It is awesome so lovely design and nice work!!☺☺ really fast shipping and nice seller thank you again
Absolutely love this phone. Had it for over a month now. The camera is awesome both the front and rear.
Fast, good storage, and stylish. No regrets so far. I did not want a large phone, so this one gave me everything I wanted from a Galaxy S 5 (maybe even an S6), but I can fit it into my pocket, no problem. Brilliant display and very responsive.
Came really late but love the product.
Been the second day, so far so good. Perfect condition.
Love the look and feel. Really like the smaller size.
I have been searching for a nice smart phone and settled with Samsung Alpha unlocked phone at $270 is a great pricePhone is soft to hold that may slip off. Good to have a non-slip case which I did. Its been a week and so far good. Only concern is the battery that drains too fast looks like I have to charge every day. Have closed few unwanted apps and the battery sustains a day and a half. Screen resolution is cool and the pics taken are very clear including pics taken in low light. Video in full HD that's very sharp may need standby battery if you are taking more pictures and videos.Phone reception is good with AT&T. Too many apps and settings to choose what's best for your phone and your needs.Only constraint is its too big for my pocket with 4.7". Wondering how the 5" and 5.7" would fit in pockets.Samsung Galaxy Alpha G850a AT&T Unlocked Cellphone, 32GB, Gold
This phone isn't as big as the s5 but it's perfect for me. Doesn't feel bulky in my pockets and has a nice design. The 32gb storage is more than enough and the battery life is better than my s4, one charge lasts me all day long and I use my phone ALOT.
Im thankful for it
love it
This phone is awesome, ive had allot of phones but this one is by far the best ive ever had, i owned the nokia 1020 and K zoom cause the camera on a phone is the most important feature, i loved both of those phones but this one is far better, the video's this phone produces are beautiful, if you were to buy this phone just for being a camera you will be extremely pleased, also the specs are good enough to play any game the android market has available, also the body of this phone is very nice, removable back plate for swapping battery, and metal frame are awesome, only negatives with this phone are no memory card slot and no optical stabilization. If you wish to see the video quality for yourself click the link below for my youtube channel.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnWW7mkP6ToWFeUo_VrsKTwCUN5b2Hxqc
one of the best models samsung ever did
Great phone especially for the price.
Works great, love it! No lag , runs smooth. Would recommend.
best cell phone ever, fits on my hands, can use with one hand without risk, activated in Mexico (Telcel service provider), no complains at all. only CON no updates, because is not AT&T.
This phone workes well and is easy to use..
Phone arrived as promise. However, there is not a voicemail notification, so I have to just guess or check periodically. AND I use Straight Talk, and it had to be on the AT&T network. I really don't like the reach of AT&T. My husband has Verizon and everywhere we go he gets signals, as I NEVER do.
I bought this phone used from BlutekUSA. It came fully packaged with the original charger. It looks new and is so slim and classy looking. Everyone keeps saying how it looks like the s6 and s7 and the iphone. I highly recommend this phone.
A great phone. All the bells and whistles one could want
As described. Works like a cell phone.
It's a great phone. Phone delivery was prompt :)I am a happy customer.
This is just a great phone! I needed something that was a reasonable size - hopefully the bigger-is-better craze goes away soon. This was one of just two phones small enough (and it's still pretty large, around the size of an iPhone 5).The screen looks great, overall it performs quickly, though the camera does seem to be sluggish. Once it's taken a photo, though, the picture quality is excellent.
I gave it a 4 because its kinda glitchy. When everything works as planned I love the phone.
Phone arrived today. Gave it enough time for the battery to charge, inserted a new SIM card and transferred to my Straight Talk service. I upgraded from Samsung Galaxy S4 and I couldn't be happier. The gold color is beautiful and the screen is vivid. I am very happy with Samsung phones and will never get an iPhone.
very good. 100% recommended
was a gift she was very pleased
I love the phone
The Samsung Galaxy Alpha, Ill judge in 5 CatagoriesCamera: Blurry indoors, Selfie camera is slow, blurry and noisy. In good lighting it performs like it should. 7/10Screen: Super saturated, Colors seem to pop and the screen is amazingly sharp. It is a bit warm, and whites seem to be yellowFeatures:The finger print scanner is a nice touch though it takes usually 2 tries before I can actually get in. The IR blaster works as expected though the app could use some work.Design: Its beautiful. There are chamfers every where and they definitely took a page from apples book.Performance: All phones perform the same nowadays and you should expect perfect performance
Nice compact phone. Good camera and excellent display.
Phone works great. Really enjoy it. Same size as the iPhone 6.
This phone is better then the galaxy s6 edge in my opinion it's faster and cheaper
like
Excelente producto
great phone !
Very nice phone. It's not too large, like some newest smartphones, these days. It fits perfectly in a palm of a large hand.It's relatively light weight, considering the size. I've got used to my bulky phone, I've had before, and at first this one felt too light.After a day or two I got comfortable with it. The screen is bright and crisp and I love all newer features, a definite upgrade from an Android Jellybean firmware. This one is a KitKat Android and it works flawlessly.So far I haven't noticed any battery issues, described by other buyers.I took me seconds to transfer my contacts from a Mothership Google backup. :)There is no SD card slot in this phone but it's not really a problem. The whopping 32Gb of internal memory will do just fine.A SIM card is what they call "nano size". It means you will have to either cut your older, larger Simcard to fit here, or go to your phone provider and pay them a few bucks for a new one.The 4G LTE speed is very good. I use T-Mobile as a provider. Not a hiccup, so far.It has all kinds of bells and whistles, including NFC chip, fingerprint recognition and a lot more.It's slim and very stylish. I bought a white one and it was a good choice. The sliver/metallic bezel, around the case, gives it very sophisticated look.I use a leather case/pouch to carry it around. Since this phone is very slim it can easily slip out of the pouch.I recommend getting a silicone "skin" for it. A couple of $$ spent on ebay may prevent a crash.PROS:- lots of features- KitKat firmware, very stable- slim design - very stylish- large, bright screen in a case that doesn't look like a small tablet- good price/value. You get a lot of proverbial bang for your buck. I'm really not ready to spend $700 on a phone. This one was in $280 area and I was able to sell the old phone for $100, so the end result was a $180 price tag. That's acceptable.- very nice camera. I was able to generate a "bokeh" effect with it, to get professional looking portraitsCONS:- needs anti-slip "skin"- buttons on the side are very sensitive - not a serious problem, easily solved by a silicone "skin"- no headphones were included with it- no SD card slot, but again - a massive 32Gb memory will do just fine, until next upgrade.- there is an AT&T logo, on the back case, and when the phone starts up, the AT&T jingle plays. No worries. If you want to use it with a different provider, ie. T-Mobile - IT WILL work. IT IS an unlocked phone but AT&T managed to get their logos there. Not a big deal. Just ignore the initial jingle.Update: I have just discovered an important detail. A camera lens had a plastic foil/liner attached.It was barely visible, but it was there.Once I removed it (with my fingernail) the pictures got to be incredibly sharp and crisp.Make sure you remove that foil, from a lens, when you get your phone.
The phone is great and came quickly, however, the earphones didnt come with the phone. It was clear that someone took them out.
Very Good
My son loves his phone very easy to use and great graphics!!
The only bad thing is that I'm outside US and not use AT & T therefore can not download updates such as Lollipop 5.0
Love it! A Samsung steal! A cheap phone chock full of many bells and whistles. Shipping was fast, phone was as described and works with my local network..
EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED, PHONE WAS IN GREAT CONDITION AND WORKED PERFECTLY
Love the Device but I'm having trouble upgrading the software to lollipop...
So good
The perfect phone 👌
Good phone
excelent
great phone but the battery runs out super fast, needs to be charge 3 times in a day
Like new condition and love it everyday since I got it.
Good Phone a low price.
I love this phone.. i gave it a 4 star as it wasnt unlocked , the first time i tried to use it out of US territory it had to be unlocked, but aside from that its been a great phone!
excellent all is aluminium
The camera isn't the best but it's not a bad phone. It does everything i need it to do
Great phone, could barely tell is was used!
I usually never leave reviews. But this phone deserves it. it is really amazing. And works perfectly with unlimited lte by metropcs which runs on t mobile network.
Works out of the box on AT&T. To resolve battery life issue, disable location access for the weather app. That made a huge change for me (8 hrs to 16-18 hrs)!
Excelente! 100% recomendado
Condition: new. I bought it to use in El Salvador and works, but doesn't have earphones.
I love my phone
This p has one is so worth it it's the best phone iv ever had upgraded from s3 this phone is so worth it I recommend it
Love it best phone I have owned yet 😊☺
I LOVE IT
Came as advertised it is indeed unlocked great product overall
After Reading So Many Reviews From The Good To The Bad Ones & Researching About This Device I Took The Chance & Bought It. & I Must Say I Made A Good Decision. I Was Afraid To Buy A Phone From Amazon Since I Never Purchased One On Here Before. The Only Bad Thing Is I Wish That I Knew What Type Of Sim Card It Held Because I Cant Use It Until I Purchase One. 😂😂 Camera Is Good. Emojis Bright & Colorful. Easy To Use. Nice Size Phone. Came In Box With Charger, Headphones. I Ordered This On The 3rd & Got It On The 6th In EXCELLENT CONDITION 😍😍. Everything Works Great 👏. No Complaints.
Excellent phone, just what I was looking for.
I love it and don't regret my Samasung S4
Package arrive before estimated time and unopened or damaged. Phone is all that I expected if not better...
Excelent pone. Meet all what I expected. Great price
It fits my expectations!
Excelente
Doesn't have the graphics of some phones, or the processor power; but it's a true 802.11AC WiFi and runs Android OS and has 32 GB of storage for apps and photos (in in my case, even some video recordings) which can then be sent to my Google Drive. My wife bought one, then I bought one after seeing how well made hers was.
I bought this when I lost my I-phone. I really like it but have had it for 6-9 months and the battery life is lousy. My 100% charge is lost within an hour if using aps, and doesn't even last 10-12 hours when in my pocket for the majority of the day. Overall the size was the main selling point for me and I do like the phone, hopefully after replacing the battery I will like it more.
for me the best cell that I have had
Good for the cost & timely delivery
A good phone. Wouldn't pay that much again though.
This is a great phone, came exactly as advertised. All the the main features (including 4G LTE work on the T-Mobile network, but)-Upgrade from KitKat to Lollipop is not possible with a T-Mobile Sim (Likely possible if you swap in an AT&T Sim, I haven't had a chance to try.-WiFi HotSpot/Tethering will not work with a T-Mobile Sim-This device cannot be rooted (most other G850's can--not the a)-There are no mods offered for this (Cyanogen, etc.)All this can be a bit frustrating, but if you just want a good Android phone at a fair price, you can't beat it. The size is great, the cameras are decent, the removable battery is a plus, the screen is good, power-saving mode is helpful. Would definitely recommend to a user who doesn't want the latest Android update.
Articulo OK
I love the design of this phone. And i feel so comfortable when i control it with one hand.It works well 4G with t-mobile. GREAT ITEM
EXCELLENT
Great buy
Great product.
Bought this phone as I was switching carriers and my Sprint Samsung Galaxy S5 was not compatible with T-mobile. Let me first say that you get 4G LTE w/o any problem on T-mobile. I went into my nearby store and they configured the setting in less than a minute. I am not sure why so many people complained about this phone not working with the T-Mobile network.I actually like this phone better than my S5. It has a much nicer design. I cant tell the difference in screen quality between the 720p Alpha and 1080p S5. This is likely due to the fact that we are dealing with screens around 5 inches and not big screen TV's. As far as battery life is concerned, I only notice a drain if the screen brightness is set high, which is an issue on any phone.I highly recommend this phone to anyone. Now that the price is under $300, the specs you get for the price are pretty impressive. I also like the fact that the screen isn't > 5 inches, which is becoming standard these days.
Great Phone. Loved the style and model. 100% value for the money.Issue:Am using T-mobile sim card and unable to update software version from 4.4.4 to lollipop version. Everyday when i try to update software it says you have the latest version and check back in 24 hours. Does any one have this same problem?I read this phone is up-gradable on the title but not in reality?ANY SUGGESTIONS ?
good
Overall great phone, thin, light, fast but if you looking for the phone that looks expensive then that phone is not for you, that phone looks really cheap, maybe under $50 si nobody will never even notice that phone in your hands, the other thing I don't like about this phone is battery, you can't leave the charger home, this phone drinks battery juice, by let's say 11 o'clock my battery us 100% and by 5pm it's only 60% and during that time I only check my Facebook page for about 5 minutes and check few times my email, so most if the time my phone remains in my pocket, I can't imagine what would happen if I would watch videos or would listen to the music, the battery would die in a few hours, so if you don't mind to carry a charger with you all the time and charge your phone 1000 of times a day then that battery problem is not the issue for you but for me it's a big big deal! So don't waste your money if you just like me and don't like the issues I described above!
Perfect!
This replaced my wife's old Samsung S2. We use T-Mobile and although this phone is compatible, it came with a lot of pre-loaded AT &T apps (mostly junk.) She loves the phone. Plenty of features and much cheaper than a new S6 or 7.
great phone.Phone was great when I bought one under contract years ago. Phone is still great when I can but it for 1/2 the price out of contract.
the mobile works great ,,,, better camera
Very good condition
The package came on time inside an AT&T box with a charger and manuals within. No earphones. No good or bad surprises. This phone is totally worth the price!
I bought this phone because it seemed like a good balance between affordable and effective. I compared it a lot with the Galaxy S5, which was double the price and I think I made the right call. It's even running the new Android OS which I love. I have very small hands and it's still small enough to use efficiently and it's very thin and light. LOVE it!
Works fine with consumer cellular.
Amazing smartphone at a reasonable price. Fast charging, all day battery life, light weight, reasonable screen size, and FAST processing
This phone is all the great stuff of the Samsung Galaxy S5 in a pristine and beautiful exterior! I love this phone and it works as well as it feels in your hand. Truth be told, I didn't really NEED to buy this but, the fact that I have it now makes me glad that I shelled out the cash because I love it!
Bought for my husband on his birthday.He really likes it . Works great , have no problems .Good delivery. Very happy
This is the phone for you if you hate itune!!!Pros:- It's VERY attractive, feels solid in the hand and is fast (at least the first week :-) )- Android 4.4 is a LOT better then android 4.2 I had on my galaxy s4 and it'll be upgraded to 5.0 too, just don't know why- last but not least, LTE works GREAT with my T-Mobile! (I know a lot of t-mobile customer have this doubt), but this phone works a lot better with t-mobile then my Galaxy S4. I did a Speed Test on this, and I easily get 20 to 22 MBPS speed on this, while I only had barely 2 MBPS speed on my S4- no iTunes!!! downloading or "side kicking" the songs and the movies is SO EASY!Cons:- Battery life, I'm not saying it's terrible but can be improved. I get it off the charger around 6 in the morning, and by 7 in the evening it's around 15 to 5% range. But at that time I turn "ultra power-saver" on, and that helps me make it to 10-11 PM. (Edit: after using the phone for more than a couple of months, the battery life seems good! MOST of the days, it stays around 20% after 18 hours of use, and as mentioned, I do have ultra power-saver mode. So there has not been a single day I'm withought the juice!)- Camera: mediocre!!! I mean it's just OK in day light, but it's terrible indoor or evening. And impossible at night!- No expandable memory. Well this is a killer, and this may lead people to think iPhone over this. But hey, 32GB is "adequate" and there is no iTunes!!!!- Finger Print Scanner: Well, the lesser I talk about it is the better! :-)
Really very neat phone and functionally great.
Its way more than I expected especially coming from iPhone
Love it.
Great phone with fun features but I was surprised at how short the battery will last. A 100% charge may only last you 7 hours.
This phone is great! Much less expensive than the S5 and S6 and almost as good! The camera isn't as great, but it's worth the $100s of savings.
I would give it 5 stars if it has a micro SD card option. Very nice phone.
I bought this for my father-in-law and it works great. He did not want something too big and this was perfect size. Also, it works very well on AT&T network. I am not sure what kind of data rate it is receiving, but for his use, (mostly internet and map) he seems to be pretty happy.
Alpha is absolutely amazing! !! Great purchase and price
I bought two of them, unlocked at&t and i am using them abroad in the Bahamas, they work good and they roved to be resistant, after a few months of countinuos and sometimes hard use.... boats, motorcycle... one is in my hands, one for my gf... noce phone, not too big as some around in this moment, but enough to enjoy videos and do online shopping. The battery life isntt phenomenal, but charges fast and does not last less than other smartphones i had before... average... not too bad not exceptional.The unlocking was perfect, always works perfectly here and in Italy with local sim cards as well as in the US on roaming.The at&t apps aren't always in the way as I read somewhere, I deleted or hid everything without any problem, the only time i see something about at&t is when i turn on the phone for a couple seconds... but... my phone is always on!!Good buy and good price
So far I am not having any issues!
I'm so in love with this phone!!!
It was a replacement for my daughter's lost Ipone, (5c?), reset to use with T-mobile following a reviewer's post. Very satisfied.
Awesome
Using it for a longish abroad (China). I don't have a lot of experience with Android, and to compare it to an iPhone seems a little ridiculous. Phone works, is pretty fast. It's compact and generally haven't had any issues.
Great phone evening was there.
I love my new phone, ship in a short time, great product
A great phone and I really like the size of it it's not like REALLY big but it's also not small like the iPhone 4! Very well made!
So far this has been a very good purchase. The phone was new and as described. I talked with the rep from Breeze and she was able to answer all questions prior to purchase. It came on time as promised in an ATT box .
I received it just after 3 days of ordering. The box seal was broken, but the phone seemed to be perfect & with all official accessories . Works perfectly on T-Mobile with 4G LTE. It's really fast, slim, sexy looking & durable. Feels soo good in hand. The 12MP camera snaps immersive images & 4K video shooting is just out of the world. It comes with Android 4.4.4 KitKat, it's upgradable to 5.0.2 Lollipop (Only if you are on AT&T). It comes with 32GB memory (not expandable), 25.07GB is usable. All games are running soo smooth with high resolution & multitasking is soo fluent. The speaker is good too. The charging is really fast. The battery life is awesome. I fully charge it at night & it works all day with gaming, surfing & heavy usage (I use Battery Saving Mode). It uses Nano SIM & works on any GSM carrier internationally. I love it in every way.
I am satisfied.
I love it. Perfect phone
great phone for its cost
Great!!!
amazing phone, it's a shame they stopped making it!
Great! Fast shipping!
Really good phone and for a n amazing price
Love this phone!
Good phone, works great! it came unlocked but with AT&T logo and apps (not from factory). Equally i liked!
So far, so good. I really enjoy this phone. I had to purchase this after my GS4 sort of crapped out...blue tooth and WIFI stopped working after latest update. Screen is only 720p and I say that dismissively as the resolution is super clear and I cannot tell a difference between it and my GS4's screen. You can take video in 4K as well, if that's what interests you. 32 gigs is plenty for me and even though no micro SD expandable storage, you can always purchase a Patriot Stellar XT USB On The Go to externally expand your storage or move files easy. *UPDATE* Had the phone for 6 months now and still going strong. No complaints whatsoever.
This is a very nice smartphone! Looks cool, feels great, operates perfectly!
Really love this phone. Beats the heck out of my old LG. So much faster. Could not be happier. Does everything I want it to do. Lot of people complain about battery life. I cannot complain at all. It lasts twice as long as my LG. Got it at a great price too. Very pleased. Use it on Net 10 and had it up and running in no time at all.
I really like this phone. It's well made and I like the gold coloring and medal feel. My only gripe is that there isn't anyway to add a micro SD card for expanded storage but the 32G on board seems to be sufficient. I would suggest getting a good quality case and a screen protector when ordering this device. It's got a thin profile and a case will keep it in great condition. I currently use Metro PCS as my service provider. I would highly recommend this device.
It's really easy to hold in one hand, fast and takes pretty great pictures. This is one of the nicest Samsung devices we have owned, the metal frame makes it feel premium and easy to hold. Its one of the best small phones on the market and at the price it's a steal. One thing to note, even though this device is unlocked, ATT, or Samsung Kies will not allow you to update to Lollipop without an active ATT SIM. We use T-Mobile and couldn't get an update, as soon as borrowed an active ATT SIM from a friend and put into the device the Lollipop update was immediately available. The update improved the phone speed and useability.
Awesome phone, only weakness is the battery.
My son li especially the phone he can take it anywhere with him when he moves away.
The phone and the service pretty awesome . I had an issue that needed to be resolved by the seller and they were quick to respond and help out. The phone itself is a fan favorite. It's quick light and comfortable. You won't be disappointed. If you are a super heavy user make sure you bring you charger with you.
The phone is great, Just was disappointed in the fact that there was no headset came with the device. But overall the device is good and delivery was on time
Great phone! Only thing that gives trouble is the fingerprint scanner. After several attempts to unlock my phone, the phone indicated that they didn't recognise my prints and fortunately I remembered my password.
Battery life not great, so I bought a second battery from the get go. Works great! Never had any issues so far.
I use too have an Xperia SP (had it for a year) and it was just too slow. This phone is great. The performance is incredible, it has a higher Atuntu benchmark than the S5. True multitasking capabilities with ease. If you look at the screen up close, you will be able to see the pixels, but you won't notice in normal use unless your the kind of person who operates the phone with the nose and not with the fingers :). Very colorful screen, very responsive, and bright enough for direct sunlight use. The finger print scanner isn't perfect, but I had a HP laptop with similar scanner so I'm used to it. Like most Samsungs, it is very feature rich. The camera is great, very fast, and full of options. There is a magnifying glass widget where the quality of the camera really shows.No, you can't use the hot spot feature, some bloatware (easy to disable) but for the price, not a deal breaker, not even something to think about. No, you can't update unless you have a AT&T chip, but kitkat 4.4.4 is awesome.Battery usage is excellent, I'm getting over a day of normal usage with at least 3 hours of on screen time, with battery saver 1.5 days, and with ultra battery saver, like 6.No headphones, and the box comes open, but that was expected because of the unlocking procedure.Not only a huge bang for the buck, it is simply a high end phone with a mid range price.
Muy buen producto!
Great Phone now at great prices.
Great
Purchased phone for daughter. Loves!! Exceeds expectations/?using at&t
Bought to replace my BLU Studio 5.0 C HD. This is a tremendous upgrade (LTE, 12MP Camera, Android 5.0.2, etc). I use Net10 (AT&T Network) and I did have to order a NET10 nano SIM to use with this but it was only $1 on Amazon. I called NET10 and ported my number to the new SIM and it was up and running in about 1 hour. LTE is so much better than HSPA+ and this phone's octacore processor makes multitasking swift. I woke up the second day with the device and the upgrade was waiting to take me from 4.4.2 to 5.0.2. Another neat thing was when I ported my phone number, the phone automatically received the correct APN settings from NET10. I didn't have to fool around with different APN's to get my LTE and picture messaging to work.__________DISPLAY__________The display is great for a 720P. My old phone was an HD 720P display and the Super AMOLED blows it away. The color saturation might be just a bit to much but you can change that in the settings.__________Build Quality__________This is my first Samsung device so I can't compare to say another Galaxy phone, but this phone feels as rock solid as my coworkers iPhone 6. The aluminum frame feels great and the textured back feels really nice. The capacitive buttons work great and the physical buttons (Power, volume, home) are very rigid and defined. The home key is almost too hard to press but all in all it feels very nicely built. The phone is very, very light. My wife couldn't believe how light, yet sturdy it feels compared to her Galaxy S3.__________Camera__________The 12MP laser autofocus camera was my main reason for upgrading. My old phone's 8MP camera was decent but absolutely nothing compared to this one. I haven't gotten to use all the features yet but it suits me for what I need wonderfully. The front 2.1MP camera does pretty well for snapchat, etc.__________Battery__________I've only used this one day so it is hard to say since I have been on it so much more than a typical day but battery life may be a bit of a let down for some people. I, however, can charge my device all day at work when I want to, in my car, and at home so battery life isn't a dealbreaker in a phone to me.___________Sound Quality___________Call quality is a huge improvement over my old BLU phone. Ironically, I probably use this phone as a "phone" less than I do anything else. But it's nice to have great quality. The sound out of the bottom speaker is decent and doesn't sound muffled or tinny. With headphones, it sounds extremely good. I have no complaints there.___________Summary___________I am very happy with this purchase. I purchased the phone new for $284 on Amazon and it was shipped next day air with my regular Prime Shipping so that was nice. I was contemplating buying this, the LG G4, or the Galaxy S5. I personally like a smaller phone so I went with this and it happened to be about half the cost of the other options so it was a no-brainer. I would recommend this to anyone on a MVNO such as NET10. 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10|__________|||||||____| Battery|_____________|||||||_| Display|______________|||||||| Features|_____________|||||||_| Build Quality|______________|||||||| Camera|____________|||||||__| Speaker|______________|||||||| Call Quality|______________|||||||| Ergonomics|______________|||||||| Processing power|_|||||||_____________| AT&T Bloatware|_____________|||||||_| OVERALL
This phone is a best kept secret. Very sleek and aesthetically appealing. Thumbs up
Well engineered device for AT&T customers and probably the first Samsung phone that pioneered the way an S6 is built. EXCELLENT communication from seller!!!
Great product!
Just what I expected!
Works great. Need smaller SIM card for T-Mobile . Had to cut my T-Mobile SIM card.
I like the phone, much better than the express just as fast as the Galaxy 5.
This by far exceeded my expectations... Fantastic battery life, Tons of options and support, sturdy yet light and don't let the fact that it doesn't feature Micro SD dissuade you... Tons of space on the phone so you never have to worry about apps... Fantastic buy... Thanks guys keep up the good work...
Great deal for the price.. more so if refurbished. Fits great in the hand, good audio performance, great display and an all round package. The only downfall is the battery life. I'm not a heavy user but regardless this battery doesn't last very long. On an average day I have to recharge this phone at least once.. sometimes twice. Leaving home for work with anything less than a full or nearly full battery usually results in battery death before I return. Simple solution is to buy a second battery and battery charger.
Phone looks and feels great. Its powerful for what you spend and one of samsungs better looking phone still. However there seems to be only one issue that is kind of a big deal. However the orgin of the issue may not be with the phone itself but iz worth a mention. The phone has issues pushing and recieving media text messages (I.e pictures, group messages). It takes hours for the messages to send or come through. That being said, this could be an issue with the carrier t-mobile, or the OS update.
Prompt delivery.. item as described.. thanks
Overall great phone, thin, light, fast but if you looking for the phone that looks expensive then that phone is not for you, that phone looks really cheap, maybe under $50 si nobody will never even notice that phone in your hands, the other thing I don't like about this phone is battery, you can't leave the charger home, this phone drinks battery juice, by let's say 11 o'clock my battery us 100% and by 5pm it's only 60% and during that time I only check my Facebook page for about 5 minutes and check few times my email, so most if the time my phone remains in my pocket, I can't imagine what would happen if I would watch videos or would listen to the music, the battery would die in a few hours, so if you don't mind to carry a charger with you all the time and charge your phone 1000 of times a day then that battery problem is not the issue for you but for me it's a big big deal! So don't waste your money if you just like me and don't like the issues I described above!
Perfect!
This replaced my wife's old Samsung S2. We use T-Mobile and although this phone is compatible, it came with a lot of pre-loaded AT &T apps (mostly junk.) She loves the phone. Plenty of features and much cheaper than a new S6 or 7.
great phone.Phone was great when I bought one under contract years ago. Phone is still great when I can but it for 1/2 the price out of contract.
the mobile works great ,,,, better camera
Very good condition
Works great, love it! No lag , runs smooth. Would recommend.
best cell phone ever, fits on my hands, can use with one hand without risk, activated in Mexico (Telcel service provider), no complains at all. only CON no updates, because is not AT&T.
This phone workes well and is easy to use..
Phone arrived as promise. However, there is not a voicemail notification, so I have to just guess or check periodically. AND I use Straight Talk, and it had to be on the AT&T network. I really don't like the reach of AT&T. My husband has Verizon and everywhere we go he gets signals, as I NEVER do.
A great phone. All the bells and whistles one could want
Doesn't have the graphics of some phones, or the processor power; but it's a true 802.11AC WiFi and runs Android OS and has 32 GB of storage for apps and photos (in in my case, even some video recordings) which can then be sent to my Google Drive. My wife bought one, then I bought one after seeing how well made hers was.
I bought this when I lost my I-phone. I really like it but have had it for 6-9 months and the battery life is lousy. My 100% charge is lost within an hour if using aps, and doesn't even last 10-12 hours when in my pocket for the majority of the day. Overall the size was the main selling point for me and I do like the phone, hopefully after replacing the battery I will like it more.
for me the best cell that I have had
Good for the cost & timely delivery
A good phone. Wouldn't pay that much again though.
great phone but the battery runs out super fast, needs to be charge 3 times in a day
Like new condition and love it everyday since I got it.
Good Phone a low price.
I love this phone.. i gave it a 4 star as it wasnt unlocked , the first time i tried to use it out of US territory it had to be unlocked, but aside from that its been a great phone!
excellent all is aluminium
The camera isn't the best but it's not a bad phone. It does everything i need it to do
Great phone, could barely tell is was used!
I purchased this product about a week ago, and it's been a wonderful purchase in that time frame. For the cost, about $250 when I bought it, it's the best no contact phone out there. It has the guts of a Galaxy S5, with a very capable processor and enough internal storage to install a good number of apps and music.It differs from the S5 in a few big, notable ways. For one, it has a metal frame, which sits very comfortably in the hands and gives it a solid feeling. It's certainly looks very nice, and if you've got a desire to have a phone with a stylish design, this one definitely fits the bill.On the downside, the display isn't quite as high res, it lacks an SD card slot for expandable storage, and it has a smaller, lower capacity battery compared to the S5. Thankfully, the lower resolution display still is very sharp, and you can still play videos at 720p resolution. The display also helps the battery life out, with the phone capable of lasting a decent 12-16 hours with moderate usage. With constant usage, it'll last about 8-10 hours.
Bought this for my teenage daughter. It's still in service a year later, so that is cause enough for a great rating.
As expected
This has arrived perfect state. Working without problem. I'm very happy.
Excelente seller
Just got this phone and so far it is awesome! I went to the ATT store and asked to start "go phone" service. They give you a sim card for free and you can choose from many prepaid plans, but I am doing unlimited talk/text/data for $40 per month. They let me keep my phone number (from Virgin Mobile) which was cool. The fingerprint scanner is fun to play with, as well as the heart monitor on the back. A nice upgrade over my last Samsung phone, a galaxy S2. The camera is also a nice upgrade! it takes much clearer pictures in low light than my galaxy S2 did and has many more features built in (panorama, etc).Really love the color - it is not a cheap "gold" phone but rather a very lightly tinted color, another reviewer described it as champagne which I think is a good description of the color and also since it is fancy :)
muy bueno
Nice
ok
What more can I say about Samsung Galaxy Alpha G850a. It is one of the best Unlocked Cellphone with wide screen and plenty of storage. I love the touchscreen on this phone and while it is not as on-par with the Apple iOS, for people who are used to Android system will have a lovely time exploring this phone and using it for casual uses. The battery life is decent but I do suggest that you buy a portable battery charger just in case you are packing to travel. Great phone overall and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoy Samsung or Android phones in general.
Great phone battery life is so much better than I expected from the bad reviews. The update didn't mess anything up either...Really like this phone especially since I had an Iphone for a bit. I do wish I could get rid of my magazine and get better sources for flipboard.
excellente celular
Best choice I could do. I had a lot of researches to find this model and I can tell you that is the best Android cellphone available in this range of price.
I'm enjoying the devise very much. Simple unlocked devise. I placed my AT&T sim card and it started uploading my contacts and whatever else was tied to my AT&T locker. No glitches at all.When original purchased the devise, I had an issue. It would delete some of my incoming text messages and several of my outgoing. It would also duplicate the incoming. It over heated often and the send back button wouldn't work. I had to wait for it to cool down to be able to close my running apps. Messed with my data usage. It's a little smaller than what I expected, but being that I'm a girl, it works for me. I could slip it in my pocket no problem. Contacted amazon and they were very good. Shipped me another devise and gave me a month to return the old one. Worked very well. Gave me enough time to transfer all my apps and images in a timely manner, not in a rush and panic and hope I transfered everything over. New devise seems to work better. It's a little slow being that it's hard drive is small. Pictures are beutiful and vibrant. Wish the camera would zoom a little more than 4megapixles but I'm getting what I paid for. Battery life isnt the best. I have to charge it often. If im going to be out i have to make sure I'm at 100% to make sure it will last 4-5 hours. If I text a lot and take about 30 pics, 4 hours max is the life of the battery. Will definitely be buying another galaxy when I'm ready to upgrade again but a newer version to have a camera and battery upgrade. I get a lot compliments on the vibrancy of my pics.
Great phone however, I returned it because it was not fully unlocked and setup for straight talk as stated.
I love my new phone. Its beautiful
Great phone. I wanted a Galaxy but did not want the larger screen. At less than 5", was just what I needed. IT has all the features of the rest of the Galaxy family. Smooth update to the latest android version.
Amazing phone. Great battery life. Works on T-Mobile LTE after APN modification. If you want a smaller sized phone to fit in your shirt pocket, there is no other phone in this price range which works with both AT&T and T-Mobile LTE. Sony xperia z3 compact also works but costs more money.Buy it and you won't be disappointed. If you are using it for T-Mobile, go to app manager and disable all the AT&T preloaded bloat-ware.
I love it. Super fast, nice camera, and a sexy design!
All flagship phones are getting larger and larger, most of them with 5.5" screens. All major companies make compact models a well but they're always significantly handicapped in comparison. The Alpha, Samsung's test at an all metal phone was a truly successful one. So much so, that they built a whole new line based on it - the A line, including the A3 with a 4.5" screen, the A5 with a 5" screen and the A7 with a 5.5". The golden 4.7" size is missing from Samsung's A line of thin metal phone, and against all logic, they decided to stop manufacturing the Alpha. Being the smallest, lightest phone to include a 4/8 -core (depending on the exact model) processor and 2GB or RAM, not to mention being all metal and including a fingerprint reader, it's a shame to see it discontinued.I bought the Alpha for three of my family members and they all love it both for its design and for its capabilities.Get it while you still can.
I had a Galaxy S3 and was ready to upgrade, my friend purchased this phone and liked it so I decided to try it. I have T mobile and read several reviews with mixed emotions, but the positive outweighed the negative. The phone is awesome in every say! I had to purchase a nano Sim card and followed the instructions to get the 4G to work and I have no major complaints. I am so glad I choose this phone as oppose to spending more money for an equivalent product. My son is thinking about getting one now!My minor complaint is no headphones were include, the shutter speed is not as fast as I anticipated and no memory card slot, but so far I don't think I will need it.Overall the phone is sleek, lightweight, fast and easy to use....love the finger print recognition!
can anyone tell me why i cant use mobile botspot if my phone is apparently unlocked
Good phone...I was hesitant at first but had no problems connecting it with AT&T...the 4g LTE works great... I've had it for 4 months and it is still working!!
I got the phone and put it with straight talk and I get fast 4G LTE and I'm very happy I decided to get it. It is the perfect size and doesn't cost too much.
Works great, love it! No lag , runs smooth. Would recommend.
best cell phone ever, fits on my hands, can use with one hand without risk, activated in Mexico (Telcel service provider), no complains at all. only CON no updates, because is not AT&T.
This phone workes well and is easy to use..
Phone arrived as promise. However, there is not a voicemail notification, so I have to just guess or check periodically. AND I use Straight Talk, and it had to be on the AT&T network. I really don't like the reach of AT&T. My husband has Verizon and everywhere we go he gets signals, as I NEVER do.
I bought this phone used from BlutekUSA. It came fully packaged with the original charger. It looks new and is so slim and classy looking. Everyone keeps saying how it looks like the s6 and s7 and the iphone. I highly recommend this phone.
A great phone. All the bells and whistles one could want
As described. Works like a cell phone.
Got the phone yesterday and had it activated right away. I love how it works. Very responsive and the display looks really clear. The only thing I would change is the ability to expand the storage space. However it looks like I can send pictures and stuff out to the cloud so no big deal. The font in the booklet that comes with the phone is a little small and not very clear but there is so much you can figure out on the phone itself. I am very happy with this purchase.
Love this phone! It is fast. Camera is better than the last phone ( galaxy light). It is slick looking. Battery life is the same as previous phone,it dies by end of day (evening). I charge it overnight. No improvement as far as battery. All in all, Great phone!! Perfect size, fast, decent camera , and slick looking! Would recommend!! Also has a heart monitor..
Very fast. No problem with phones. Great!
Nice and sexy
I purchased this phone in February, 2015. At first, I had few problems with it. Camera did not work at first opening I needed to restart the program. But over a month or two this problem disappeared. Also, since start and til now, the message sound is quieter than normal but as second message comes at that time the sound becomes normal. I got used to it, and since normally the phone is actually loud, that lower tone for first message is quite nice because then I don't get scared of sudden loud sound. But it's a personal thing. Some people would say it's negative side. Few days ago I had a problem that it could not charge, but it might be because some crumb got into charging port. I never figured out why it happened, but same day this problem vanished. Now everything is fine.If you are android fan and want a smaller size phone, this is great. It is very responsive and fast. I use it with t-mobile and connection is wonderful. In addition, I can't remember a time that this phone would freeze, probably it never happened or just for very short time that I didn't even notice. Battery life, I can't really say it's wonderful having in mind I use my phone alot but it is for sure better than my old S3 .
Bought the unlocked AT&T phone and popped in my Tmobile sim card. Works beautifully. However, I miss the Tmobile Wifi Calling App which this phone does not have. I have not yet found a way to add it. I love this phone's form more than any iPhone.
Excellent
Phone is perfect size for me, and is intuitive to use. Can't beat the price for all the features and 32GB!! It is close to the Galaxy 5 without the cost. Processor is quick. Camera works well. Battery charge could last longer, then I would give it 5 stars.
Very happy with the product. Order arrived on time. I loved the phone, brand new as specified . I replaced my old iPhone 4s for this one. Is faster, larger screen and I love it.
Came as advertised it is indeed unlocked great product overall
After Reading So Many Reviews From The Good To The Bad Ones & Researching About This Device I Took The Chance & Bought It. & I Must Say I Made A Good Decision. I Was Afraid To Buy A Phone From Amazon Since I Never Purchased One On Here Before. The Only Bad Thing Is I Wish That I Knew What Type Of Sim Card It Held Because I Cant Use It Until I Purchase One. 😂😂 Camera Is Good. Emojis Bright & Colorful. Easy To Use. Nice Size Phone. Came In Box With Charger, Headphones. I Ordered This On The 3rd & Got It On The 6th In EXCELLENT CONDITION 😍😍. Everything Works Great 👏. No Complaints.
Excellent phone, just what I was looking for.
I love it and don't regret my Samasung S4
Package arrive before estimated time and unopened or damaged. Phone is all that I expected if not better...
Excelent pone. Meet all what I expected. Great price
It fits my expectations!
Excelente
So far I am not having any issues!
I'm so in love with this phone!!!
It was a replacement for my daughter's lost Ipone, (5c?), reset to use with T-mobile following a reviewer's post. Very satisfied.
Awesome
Using it for a longish abroad (China). I don't have a lot of experience with Android, and to compare it to an iPhone seems a little ridiculous. Phone works, is pretty fast. It's compact and generally haven't had any issues.
Great phone evening was there.
I love my new phone, ship in a short time, great product
A great phone and I really like the size of it it's not like REALLY big but it's also not small like the iPhone 4! Very well made!
So far this has been a very good purchase. The phone was new and as described. I talked with the rep from Breeze and she was able to answer all questions prior to purchase. It came on time as promised in an ATT box .
It's a great phone. Phone delivery was prompt :)I am a happy customer.
This is just a great phone! I needed something that was a reasonable size - hopefully the bigger-is-better craze goes away soon. This was one of just two phones small enough (and it's still pretty large, around the size of an iPhone 5).The screen looks great, overall it performs quickly, though the camera does seem to be sluggish. Once it's taken a photo, though, the picture quality is excellent.
I gave it a 4 because its kinda glitchy. When everything works as planned I love the phone.
Phone arrived today. Gave it enough time for the battery to charge, inserted a new SIM card and transferred to my Straight Talk service. I upgraded from Samsung Galaxy S4 and I couldn't be happier. The gold color is beautiful and the screen is vivid. I am very happy with Samsung phones and will never get an iPhone.
very good. 100% recommended
was a gift she was very pleased
I love the phone
It met my expectation. I bought a refurbished one, and it work perfectly wherever I go. Used it in different countries.Very good image quality, even when take photos. Clear communication during conversation. Can watch different format of video without any difficulty.Intelligent device...
The phone was on time, even early. It was beautiful just as described. My brother enjoys it.
Love, Love, Love this phone. It has all the features of Galaxy S5 without the price tag. Comparable to all the high end phones on the market. I would buy this phone again in a heartbeat.
excellent
My phone works well in the US and out of the country. I just pop out the SD card and insert a new one and it works seamlessly. Battery life is pretty good, I can usually make it throughout the day on one charge, and I use my phone heavily. The gold metal surrounding the phone is a beautiful touch. The only thing I don't like is the pop ups that bombard my phone from time to time. I have owned several phones and never experienced this problem.
Everything is fine except charging , battery life is too low
Very fast shipping and excellent product! Exactly what I paid for!
So far is working great!!! very happy to have it
Excellent phone, happy with my purchase
Very good looking works fine with t mobile too
Camera good, but not excellent )))
I purchases this phone 1 year after it was released and was proud to get all the features available on brand new phones for less than half the cost. I paid up front for the phone and leveraged Amazon instead of paying my provider a monthly fee or payment plan. In doing this I saved over $300 dollars.The design is very professional with the curved corners to buffer drops and the metal details. I was really looking for a phone with metal and not plastic. Sound quality is great or at least far better the Moto phone I had previous that scramble select frequency ranges. I selected the gold color option and was wary the overall look would be too feminine, but I was surprised by the matte metal finish and once you place a case on it the metal trim color and back plate color are irrlevant.The phone is great and the camera is out of this world! The 12MP camera is amazing and better than most slim cameras I have access to. Yes, the pictures take up memory, however with cloud storage this is not an issue. I really enjoy that I can also change the setting of the picture quality so that day to day photos take up less space.I selected this phone since it include open bands for both ATT and TMoble networks 4G. This way my phone is locking me into a provider for the next 2-3 years. I also selected that followingJUJEO Rubberized Hard Back Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy Alpha SM-G850F SM-G850A - Purple - Non-Retail Packaging - Purple and have nothing but complements for it as well. JUJEO-Rubberized-Samsung-SM-G850F-SM-G850A/
The package came on time inside an AT&T box with a charger and manuals within. No earphones. No good or bad surprises. This phone is totally worth the price!
I bought this phone because it seemed like a good balance between affordable and effective. I compared it a lot with the Galaxy S5, which was double the price and I think I made the right call. It's even running the new Android OS which I love. I have very small hands and it's still small enough to use efficiently and it's very thin and light. LOVE it!
Works fine with consumer cellular.
Amazing smartphone at a reasonable price. Fast charging, all day battery life, light weight, reasonable screen size, and FAST processing
This phone is all the great stuff of the Samsung Galaxy S5 in a pristine and beautiful exterior! I love this phone and it works as well as it feels in your hand. Truth be told, I didn't really NEED to buy this but, the fact that I have it now makes me glad that I shelled out the cash because I love it!
Bought for my husband on his birthday.He really likes it . Works great , have no problems .Good delivery. Very happy
This is the phone for you if you hate itune!!!Pros:- It's VERY attractive, feels solid in the hand and is fast (at least the first week :-) )- Android 4.4 is a LOT better then android 4.2 I had on my galaxy s4 and it'll be upgraded to 5.0 too, just don't know why- last but not least, LTE works GREAT with my T-Mobile! (I know a lot of t-mobile customer have this doubt), but this phone works a lot better with t-mobile then my Galaxy S4. I did a Speed Test on this, and I easily get 20 to 22 MBPS speed on this, while I only had barely 2 MBPS speed on my S4- no iTunes!!! downloading or "side kicking" the songs and the movies is SO EASY!Cons:- Battery life, I'm not saying it's terrible but can be improved. I get it off the charger around 6 in the morning, and by 7 in the evening it's around 15 to 5% range. But at that time I turn "ultra power-saver" on, and that helps me make it to 10-11 PM. (Edit: after using the phone for more than a couple of months, the battery life seems good! MOST of the days, it stays around 20% after 18 hours of use, and as mentioned, I do have ultra power-saver mode. So there has not been a single day I'm withought the juice!)- Camera: mediocre!!! I mean it's just OK in day light, but it's terrible indoor or evening. And impossible at night!- No expandable memory. Well this is a killer, and this may lead people to think iPhone over this. But hey, 32GB is "adequate" and there is no iTunes!!!!- Finger Print Scanner: Well, the lesser I talk about it is the better! :-)
Really very neat phone and functionally great.
Its way more than I expected especially coming from iPhone
My wife loves her new Galaxy Alpha. Chose the alpha for smaller size with S5 level performance. Too bad Samsung is discontinuing the Galaxy Alpha.
100% OK
Highly satisfied
phone came a day early! Very light and fast
It is awesome so lovely design and nice work!!☺☺ really fast shipping and nice seller thank you again
Absolutely love this phone. Had it for over a month now. The camera is awesome both the front and rear.
Fast, good storage, and stylish. No regrets so far. I did not want a large phone, so this one gave me everything I wanted from a Galaxy S 5 (maybe even an S6), but I can fit it into my pocket, no problem. Brilliant display and very responsive.
Came really late but love the product.
I really like this phone. It's well made and I like the gold coloring and medal feel. My only gripe is that there isn't anyway to add a micro SD card for expanded storage but the 32G on board seems to be sufficient. I would suggest getting a good quality case and a screen protector when ordering this device. It's got a thin profile and a case will keep it in great condition. I currently use Metro PCS as my service provider. I would highly recommend this device.
It's really easy to hold in one hand, fast and takes pretty great pictures. This is one of the nicest Samsung devices we have owned, the metal frame makes it feel premium and easy to hold. Its one of the best small phones on the market and at the price it's a steal. One thing to note, even though this device is unlocked, ATT, or Samsung Kies will not allow you to update to Lollipop without an active ATT SIM. We use T-Mobile and couldn't get an update, as soon as borrowed an active ATT SIM from a friend and put into the device the Lollipop update was immediately available. The update improved the phone speed and useability.
Awesome phone, only weakness is the battery.
My son li especially the phone he can take it anywhere with him when he moves away.
The phone and the service pretty awesome . I had an issue that needed to be resolved by the seller and they were quick to respond and help out. The phone itself is a fan favorite. It's quick light and comfortable. You won't be disappointed. If you are a super heavy user make sure you bring you charger with you.
The phone is great, Just was disappointed in the fact that there was no headset came with the device. But overall the device is good and delivery was on time
Great phone! Only thing that gives trouble is the fingerprint scanner. After several attempts to unlock my phone, the phone indicated that they didn't recognise my prints and fortunately I remembered my password.
No headphones
I am totally in love with this phone! At first I bought it just to try it out for a week or so and so far I'm loving it. The size and shape is perfect, not too big and not too small it's just right
Great phone. I just need a phone that was faster than the iphone 4 and cheaper than the iphone 6 and this phone was perfect for that.
Phone works perfectly is exactly that I have expected of it.Runs fast, battery life is good considering that Battery capacity is not high, I use the phone (medium usage), and in the end of my day it has around 20%Touch experience is great, feels smooth and image is clear, sound is loud, design is fresh, metal frame feels perfect in the hand.I feel satisfied with this buy more for the price that I paidThe only cons that I found is the fingerprint technic is not the best, is necessary swipe the finger over the home button for use it, Galaxy 6 and Iphone 5 technologies are higher in this point because only have to put the finger over the button, and then wait around a sec to this be unlocked.The other point is that in this particular model from AT&T the WiFi hotspot is disabled by the carrier, I read that is necessary be root for unlock this lock.
It is unlocked and it works perfectly with T-Mobile right outta the box! One down fall imo is that it comes shipped with KitKat so I'm stuck w KK lame but there is an update 5.0.2 out according to at&t and Samsung website. Anyone figure out how to get a forced upgrade would you be so kind to reply and share here and comment thank you.Justin CramDyingJediHere is cut and paste from SamsungAT&T Galaxy ALPHA Android 5.0.2 Lollipop Firmware Details:Android Build: 5.0.2Baseband Version: G850AUCU1BOC6Kernel Version: 3.4.0-4486591 dpi@SWDD3915 #1Build#: LRX22G.G850AUCU1BOC6
Perfect
good
Using this on T-mobile. Other reviews suggested setup instructions; I found them unnecessary. My phone recognized the T-mobile network and 4G/LTE with no problem. I switched off the AT&T apps -- easy to do from the App screen. I do not like Android; I think it is clunky and energy-wasting (my Pre2/WebOS works better; this is also true for my tablets), but this is not a bad implementation. It is a good phone and a good general purpose smartphone. It fits better in the hand than larger models, fits in trouser pockets well enough (a bit too big for a hip case, unless you want to look like a tech-geek or survivalist). Call quality is good, generally; sound is good for music playback; camera produces good pictures. Much cheaper than the Galaxy S series; has a replaceable battery unlike the Galaxy A5. Samsung brought this out, then abandoned it a couple months later in favor the A series, which may have been a mistake.
Excellent cell phone. Its a little bit heavy but that's not an issue for me. It works perfect with 4G in Argentina.
This phone is awesome. Its definitely worth more than its selling price. Have been using this phone for about 3 months and I have never had a problem. It might have froze for a few seconds ones or twice but which phone hasn't after a few months. Only thing is the finger scanner does not recognize finger prints all the time. Sometimes it functions perfectly and other times don't, think its has to do with the moisture of your fingers. But hey great product any how. Worth every penny.
Great phone I love it!
Love this phone. Super fast.
The best love it
Worked right the way, battery life is crazy good, it held on stand by in the box for 7 days till I was able to use it cuz it needs a micro sym card
Great phone son is very happy with it
Coming from an old Samsung this phone is worlds better. My old phone was your basic phone that had a slide keyboard which worked fine for me considering all I really used it for was calls and texts. Eventually the buttons started to wear down and I decided it was time for a smartphone. I had wanted a Samsung Galaxy because I had heard good reviews from other people. The Galaxy Ss were a little out of my price range so I opted for this one. It works great for my basic calls and texts and for browsing the internet occasionally. I also love getting very useful apps like my Kroger and Pandora apps.
I LOVE THIS PHONE!! changed it from iphone 5 to galaxy alpha I love it! So fast, looks great, easy to handle. LOVE IT!
My son loves his phone very easy to use and great graphics!!
The only bad thing is that I'm outside US and not use AT & T therefore can not download updates such as Lollipop 5.0
Love it! A Samsung steal! A cheap phone chock full of many bells and whistles. Shipping was fast, phone was as described and works with my local network..
EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED, PHONE WAS IN GREAT CONDITION AND WORKED PERFECTLY
Love the Device but I'm having trouble upgrading the software to lollipop...
So good
The perfect phone 👌
Good phone
excelent
This is a great phone, came exactly as advertised. All the the main features (including 4G LTE work on the T-Mobile network, but)-Upgrade from KitKat to Lollipop is not possible with a T-Mobile Sim (Likely possible if you swap in an AT&T Sim, I haven't had a chance to try.-WiFi HotSpot/Tethering will not work with a T-Mobile Sim-This device cannot be rooted (most other G850's can--not the a)-There are no mods offered for this (Cyanogen, etc.)All this can be a bit frustrating, but if you just want a good Android phone at a fair price, you can't beat it. The size is great, the cameras are decent, the removable battery is a plus, the screen is good, power-saving mode is helpful. Would definitely recommend to a user who doesn't want the latest Android update.
Articulo OK
I love the design of this phone. And i feel so comfortable when i control it with one hand.It works well 4G with t-mobile. GREAT ITEM
EXCELLENT
Great buy
Great product.
Bought this phone as I was switching carriers and my Sprint Samsung Galaxy S5 was not compatible with T-mobile. Let me first say that you get 4G LTE w/o any problem on T-mobile. I went into my nearby store and they configured the setting in less than a minute. I am not sure why so many people complained about this phone not working with the T-Mobile network.I actually like this phone better than my S5. It has a much nicer design. I cant tell the difference in screen quality between the 720p Alpha and 1080p S5. This is likely due to the fact that we are dealing with screens around 5 inches and not big screen TV's. As far as battery life is concerned, I only notice a drain if the screen brightness is set high, which is an issue on any phone.I highly recommend this phone to anyone. Now that the price is under $300, the specs you get for the price are pretty impressive. I also like the fact that the screen isn't > 5 inches, which is becoming standard these days.
Great Phone. Loved the style and model. 100% value for the money.Issue:Am using T-mobile sim card and unable to update software version from 4.4.4 to lollipop version. Everyday when i try to update software it says you have the latest version and check back in 24 hours. Does any one have this same problem?I read this phone is up-gradable on the title but not in reality?ANY SUGGESTIONS ?
good
Great product!
Just what I expected!
Works great. Need smaller SIM card for T-Mobile . Had to cut my T-Mobile SIM card.
I like the phone, much better than the express just as fast as the Galaxy 5.
This by far exceeded my expectations... Fantastic battery life, Tons of options and support, sturdy yet light and don't let the fact that it doesn't feature Micro SD dissuade you... Tons of space on the phone so you never have to worry about apps... Fantastic buy... Thanks guys keep up the good work...
Great deal for the price.. more so if refurbished. Fits great in the hand, good audio performance, great display and an all round package. The only downfall is the battery life. I'm not a heavy user but regardless this battery doesn't last very long. On an average day I have to recharge this phone at least once.. sometimes twice. Leaving home for work with anything less than a full or nearly full battery usually results in battery death before I return. Simple solution is to buy a second battery and battery charger.
Phone looks and feels great. Its powerful for what you spend and one of samsungs better looking phone still. However there seems to be only one issue that is kind of a big deal. However the orgin of the issue may not be with the phone itself but iz worth a mention. The phone has issues pushing and recieving media text messages (I.e pictures, group messages). It takes hours for the messages to send or come through. That being said, this could be an issue with the carrier t-mobile, or the OS update.
Prompt delivery.. item as described.. thanks
The Samsung Galaxy Alpha, Ill judge in 5 CatagoriesCamera: Blurry indoors, Selfie camera is slow, blurry and noisy. In good lighting it performs like it should. 7/10Screen: Super saturated, Colors seem to pop and the screen is amazingly sharp. It is a bit warm, and whites seem to be yellowFeatures:The finger print scanner is a nice touch though it takes usually 2 tries before I can actually get in. The IR blaster works as expected though the app could use some work.Design: Its beautiful. There are chamfers every where and they definitely took a page from apples book.Performance: All phones perform the same nowadays and you should expect perfect performance
Nice compact phone. Good camera and excellent display.
Phone works great. Really enjoy it. Same size as the iPhone 6.
This phone is better then the galaxy s6 edge in my opinion it's faster and cheaper
like
Excelente producto
great phone !
Very nice phone. It's not too large, like some newest smartphones, these days. It fits perfectly in a palm of a large hand.It's relatively light weight, considering the size. I've got used to my bulky phone, I've had before, and at first this one felt too light.After a day or two I got comfortable with it. The screen is bright and crisp and I love all newer features, a definite upgrade from an Android Jellybean firmware. This one is a KitKat Android and it works flawlessly.So far I haven't noticed any battery issues, described by other buyers.I took me seconds to transfer my contacts from a Mothership Google backup. :)There is no SD card slot in this phone but it's not really a problem. The whopping 32Gb of internal memory will do just fine.A SIM card is what they call "nano size". It means you will have to either cut your older, larger Simcard to fit here, or go to your phone provider and pay them a few bucks for a new one.The 4G LTE speed is very good. I use T-Mobile as a provider. Not a hiccup, so far.It has all kinds of bells and whistles, including NFC chip, fingerprint recognition and a lot more.It's slim and very stylish. I bought a white one and it was a good choice. The sliver/metallic bezel, around the case, gives it very sophisticated look.I use a leather case/pouch to carry it around. Since this phone is very slim it can easily slip out of the pouch.I recommend getting a silicone "skin" for it. A couple of $$ spent on ebay may prevent a crash.PROS:- lots of features- KitKat firmware, very stable- slim design - very stylish- large, bright screen in a case that doesn't look like a small tablet- good price/value. You get a lot of proverbial bang for your buck. I'm really not ready to spend $700 on a phone. This one was in $280 area and I was able to sell the old phone for $100, so the end result was a $180 price tag. That's acceptable.- very nice camera. I was able to generate a "bokeh" effect with it, to get professional looking portraitsCONS:- needs anti-slip "skin"- buttons on the side are very sensitive - not a serious problem, easily solved by a silicone "skin"- no headphones were included with it- no SD card slot, but again - a massive 32Gb memory will do just fine, until next upgrade.- there is an AT&T logo, on the back case, and when the phone starts up, the AT&T jingle plays. No worries. If you want to use it with a different provider, ie. T-Mobile - IT WILL work. IT IS an unlocked phone but AT&T managed to get their logos there. Not a big deal. Just ignore the initial jingle.Update: I have just discovered an important detail. A camera lens had a plastic foil/liner attached.It was barely visible, but it was there.Once I removed it (with my fingernail) the pictures got to be incredibly sharp and crisp.Make sure you remove that foil, from a lens, when you get your phone.
The phone is great and came quickly, however, the earphones didnt come with the phone. It was clear that someone took them out.
Very Good
Been the second day, so far so good. Perfect condition.
Love the look and feel. Really like the smaller size.
I have been searching for a nice smart phone and settled with Samsung Alpha unlocked phone at $270 is a great pricePhone is soft to hold that may slip off. Good to have a non-slip case which I did. Its been a week and so far good. Only concern is the battery that drains too fast looks like I have to charge every day. Have closed few unwanted apps and the battery sustains a day and a half. Screen resolution is cool and the pics taken are very clear including pics taken in low light. Video in full HD that's very sharp may need standby battery if you are taking more pictures and videos.Phone reception is good with AT&T. Too many apps and settings to choose what's best for your phone and your needs.Only constraint is its too big for my pocket with 4.7". Wondering how the 5" and 5.7" would fit in pockets.Samsung Galaxy Alpha G850a AT&T Unlocked Cellphone, 32GB, Gold
This phone isn't as big as the s5 but it's perfect for me. Doesn't feel bulky in my pockets and has a nice design. The 32gb storage is more than enough and the battery life is better than my s4, one charge lasts me all day long and I use my phone ALOT.
Im thankful for it
love it
This phone is awesome, ive had allot of phones but this one is by far the best ive ever had, i owned the nokia 1020 and K zoom cause the camera on a phone is the most important feature, i loved both of those phones but this one is far better, the video's this phone produces are beautiful, if you were to buy this phone just for being a camera you will be extremely pleased, also the specs are good enough to play any game the android market has available, also the body of this phone is very nice, removable back plate for swapping battery, and metal frame are awesome, only negatives with this phone are no memory card slot and no optical stabilization. If you wish to see the video quality for yourself click the link below for my youtube channel.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnWW7mkP6ToWFeUo_VrsKTwCUN5b2Hxqc
one of the best models samsung ever did
Great phone especially for the price.
Great phone..recommend any time...
This phone is the perfect size for actually using it daily. Tasks were zippy, the design is flawless, the camera is a nice bonus which takes much better pictures than I expected. Could not recommend this highly enough.Note: I am using it on t-mobile. AT&T is the worst for bloatware, just go into setting/application manager/ find each AT&T app, clear the cache, clear the data, turn off notifications, then turn the app off.
Amazing! So happy. This is a great phone. Just delete all the at&t stuff off of it. Would take this over a new iphone that cost twice as much even if I got a choice between them and didn't have to pay.
this doesnt come with headphones
Great Product!!
I bought this phone for my mother-in-law and sure love as far as what I have tried. Picture is awesome and has diferent features as you can take 2 pictures at the same time front and back camera.A small size for her it has been perfect as she said, not my style but it is very light and good enough if you are into androids and small screen.
Many talk about how this phone has a premium feel, and there's no doubt that it does. But honestly looks aren't everything.This phone is very competitive for the price bracket. At the time of this review it's also running the latest Samsung interface; no Lollipop yet though.I've run AnTuTu benchmark several times on this phone and average around 42000. I have not made any modifications to my phone.Reception for both WiFi and mobile seem to be better than I've had with other phones. I notice that my signal isn't dropping in locations other devices would lose reception.The PPI density is 720p, while most phones these days are 1080p. However, this is nothing to concern yourself with as 720p is all that's needed on a 4.7" screen to achieve an excellent sharpness. Colors feel plenty vibrant; the backlight is bright enough to see in this Florida sunshine.I'm not sure how others feel about the fingerprint scanner, but it's okay. It seems you must align your finger vertically for it to register properly. Because of this it's difficult to use the scanner with only one hand; unless you're double jointed in your thumb maybe?In addition to the fingerprint scanner you can also check your heart rate on this phone! It seems fairly accurate to me. There is also a pedometer if you are the exercising type. This is another great thing to consider as a lot of exercise accessories are fit for an iPhone, which this device should be interchangeable with due to its size.The camera is okay. Not great, not bad, just okay. It's definitely fast! I don't know how I feel about the flash; it drowns out photos a bit indoors. Not a huge concern I guess; you could run your photos through free editing software and fix the coloring with automatic settings.I've purchased many different phone brands in my time and I've always been happy with Samsung. I did skip a few generations here and there but I feel like this phone is an absolute must if you're considering the 4.7" bracket.It might be worth mentioning the phone is a little slippery than others I've used; perhaps it's the aluminum trim? I would recommend buying a case along with the phone rather quickly.
Phone came sooner than expected, works fine with Tmobile. No extra setting changes needed, works just fine. With a good pair of scissors I was able to cut my micro sim to make it a nano sim. Check youtube if you need some visual help, very easy to do. If you ruin the sim in the process, you would have had to buy a new one anyways so it's worth trying.
I love that smartphone!! Awesome
Battery life not great, so I bought a second battery from the get go. Works great! Never had any issues so far.
I use too have an Xperia SP (had it for a year) and it was just too slow. This phone is great. The performance is incredible, it has a higher Atuntu benchmark than the S5. True multitasking capabilities with ease. If you look at the screen up close, you will be able to see the pixels, but you won't notice in normal use unless your the kind of person who operates the phone with the nose and not with the fingers :). Very colorful screen, very responsive, and bright enough for direct sunlight use. The finger print scanner isn't perfect, but I had a HP laptop with similar scanner so I'm used to it. Like most Samsungs, it is very feature rich. The camera is great, very fast, and full of options. There is a magnifying glass widget where the quality of the camera really shows.No, you can't use the hot spot feature, some bloatware (easy to disable) but for the price, not a deal breaker, not even something to think about. No, you can't update unless you have a AT&T chip, but kitkat 4.4.4 is awesome.Battery usage is excellent, I'm getting over a day of normal usage with at least 3 hours of on screen time, with battery saver 1.5 days, and with ultra battery saver, like 6.No headphones, and the box comes open, but that was expected because of the unlocking procedure.Not only a huge bang for the buck, it is simply a high end phone with a mid range price.
Muy buen producto!
Great Phone now at great prices.
Great
Purchased phone for daughter. Loves!! Exceeds expectations/?using at&t
Bought to replace my BLU Studio 5.0 C HD. This is a tremendous upgrade (LTE, 12MP Camera, Android 5.0.2, etc). I use Net10 (AT&T Network) and I did have to order a NET10 nano SIM to use with this but it was only $1 on Amazon. I called NET10 and ported my number to the new SIM and it was up and running in about 1 hour. LTE is so much better than HSPA+ and this phone's octacore processor makes multitasking swift. I woke up the second day with the device and the upgrade was waiting to take me from 4.4.2 to 5.0.2. Another neat thing was when I ported my phone number, the phone automatically received the correct APN settings from NET10. I didn't have to fool around with different APN's to get my LTE and picture messaging to work.__________DISPLAY__________The display is great for a 720P. My old phone was an HD 720P display and the Super AMOLED blows it away. The color saturation might be just a bit to much but you can change that in the settings.__________Build Quality__________This is my first Samsung device so I can't compare to say another Galaxy phone, but this phone feels as rock solid as my coworkers iPhone 6. The aluminum frame feels great and the textured back feels really nice. The capacitive buttons work great and the physical buttons (Power, volume, home) are very rigid and defined. The home key is almost too hard to press but all in all it feels very nicely built. The phone is very, very light. My wife couldn't believe how light, yet sturdy it feels compared to her Galaxy S3.__________Camera__________The 12MP laser autofocus camera was my main reason for upgrading. My old phone's 8MP camera was decent but absolutely nothing compared to this one. I haven't gotten to use all the features yet but it suits me for what I need wonderfully. The front 2.1MP camera does pretty well for snapchat, etc.__________Battery__________I've only used this one day so it is hard to say since I have been on it so much more than a typical day but battery life may be a bit of a let down for some people. I, however, can charge my device all day at work when I want to, in my car, and at home so battery life isn't a dealbreaker in a phone to me.___________Sound Quality___________Call quality is a huge improvement over my old BLU phone. Ironically, I probably use this phone as a "phone" less than I do anything else. But it's nice to have great quality. The sound out of the bottom speaker is decent and doesn't sound muffled or tinny. With headphones, it sounds extremely good. I have no complaints there.___________Summary___________I am very happy with this purchase. I purchased the phone new for $284 on Amazon and it was shipped next day air with my regular Prime Shipping so that was nice. I was contemplating buying this, the LG G4, or the Galaxy S5. I personally like a smaller phone so I went with this and it happened to be about half the cost of the other options so it was a no-brainer. I would recommend this to anyone on a MVNO such as NET10. 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10|__________|||||||____| Battery|_____________|||||||_| Display|______________|||||||| Features|_____________|||||||_| Build Quality|______________|||||||| Camera|____________|||||||__| Speaker|______________|||||||| Call Quality|______________|||||||| Ergonomics|______________|||||||| Processing power|_|||||||_____________| AT&T Bloatware|_____________|||||||_| OVERALL
This phone is a best kept secret. Very sleek and aesthetically appealing. Thumbs up
Well engineered device for AT&T customers and probably the first Samsung phone that pioneered the way an S6 is built. EXCELLENT communication from seller!!!
Received as scheduled. This phone is a fantastic value placed between the S5 mini and S5 at 1/2 the price. ATT phone that I immediately placed on my StraightTalk plan. I did have to get a nano sim card since my Galaxy Express has a micro sim card. I used Samsung's Smart Switch app and transferred all phone info (contacts pictures messages, etc) with no problem at all. 4GLTE was clocking in at 20MBS using Speedtest app. Fastest performance I have ever had. Moto G maybe a better value at < $200 but I could not get one. This phone is way better looking though. Light in weight and a perfect sizeBest kept secret ever.
love it
Love the phone as much as my wife's iphone 6. Actually more, as it is lighter, slightly smaller and 1/2 the price!Completely unlocked (it was AT&T and works fine on T-Mobile USA & Europe & Telus Canada). Still has the AT&T logo at startup and some AT&T bloatware but not an issue. Upgraded from my S4 and it is dramatically faster, lighter and slightly smaller, and better battery life. (always could be more of course but want my phone small and light). Also a beautiful clear screen. A better pocket fit and yet a usable size screen.
I love this phone pretty much...ear phones wud come in handy wit the order but otherwise it's a great package!
Amazing! Got it on time and it works perfect !
Amazingly fast and cost efficient device. I upgraded my 3 yrs old HTC w. windows OS after it started becoming obsolete.I definitely recommend it to everyone. It is ATT unlocked device and you might have to tweak the settings to get it going with you provider.I set up across the board functions for T-Mobile with no problems. Packaging looks cheesy and there is no headphones in a box but otherwiseit's a great buy!!!
Awesome works great with t-mobile.
This phone is a great alternative to the big Samsung smart phones (s5,s6,note). For basics smartphone tasks, it packs all the same processing power into a smaller package. In gold, the phone is subtle, yet striking. It seems to have maintained the ability of it's bigger brothers to manage multiple applications at one time without completely destroying the battery. I have it on power-save mode all the time (just in case), and it still can out multi-task my iPhone. Combine that with a voice command app and a calendar that syncs to your Google account, and you've got all the tools of the big Samsung phones without the big-phone price.The only issues one might have with this phone are :It is smaller than an iPhone 5 (if that matters to you)It is an AT&T phone (not a problem for me, I've been with them for years)It does not have an all-metal body (same plastic design as the gs5)Overall, it's a steal for the price.
This phone is great.
Wish it had an SD card slot
Great phone. Wish u had informed me it was an AT&T phone
Bought it for my wife as a replacement for her old iphone. She is very impressed with it.
loved it!!!
- Always it has looked like to me a good telephone, Already they are nine months since I acquired it and I have not had serious complications with the exception of a fault in the button of beginning, which was solved replacing the piece,
Very good
Wonderful phone for a very good price
Overall great phone, thin, light, fast but if you looking for the phone that looks expensive then that phone is not for you, that phone looks really cheap, maybe under $50 si nobody will never even notice that phone in your hands, the other thing I don't like about this phone is battery, you can't leave the charger home, this phone drinks battery juice, by let's say 11 o'clock my battery us 100% and by 5pm it's only 60% and during that time I only check my Facebook page for about 5 minutes and check few times my email, so most if the time my phone remains in my pocket, I can't imagine what would happen if I would watch videos or would listen to the music, the battery would die in a few hours, so if you don't mind to carry a charger with you all the time and charge your phone 1000 of times a day then that battery problem is not the issue for you but for me it's a big big deal! So don't waste your money if you just like me and don't like the issues I described above!
Perfect!
This replaced my wife's old Samsung S2. We use T-Mobile and although this phone is compatible, it came with a lot of pre-loaded AT &T apps (mostly junk.) She loves the phone. Plenty of features and much cheaper than a new S6 or 7.
great phone.Phone was great when I bought one under contract years ago. Phone is still great when I can but it for 1/2 the price out of contract.
the mobile works great ,,,, better camera
Very good condition
I received it just after 3 days of ordering. The box seal was broken, but the phone seemed to be perfect & with all official accessories . Works perfectly on T-Mobile with 4G LTE. It's really fast, slim, sexy looking & durable. Feels soo good in hand. The 12MP camera snaps immersive images & 4K video shooting is just out of the world. It comes with Android 4.4.4 KitKat, it's upgradable to 5.0.2 Lollipop (Only if you are on AT&T). It comes with 32GB memory (not expandable), 25.07GB is usable. All games are running soo smooth with high resolution & multitasking is soo fluent. The speaker is good too. The charging is really fast. The battery life is awesome. I fully charge it at night & it works all day with gaming, surfing & heavy usage (I use Battery Saving Mode). It uses Nano SIM & works on any GSM carrier internationally. I love it in every way.
I am satisfied.
I love it. Perfect phone
great phone for its cost
Great!!!
amazing phone, it's a shame they stopped making it!
Great! Fast shipping!
great phone but the battery runs out super fast, needs to be charge 3 times in a day
Like new condition and love it everyday since I got it.
Good Phone a low price.
I love this phone.. i gave it a 4 star as it wasnt unlocked , the first time i tried to use it out of US territory it had to be unlocked, but aside from that its been a great phone!
excellent all is aluminium
The camera isn't the best but it's not a bad phone. It does everything i need it to do
Great phone, could barely tell is was used!
I bought this when I lost my I-phone. I really like it but have had it for 6-9 months and the battery life is lousy. My 100% charge is lost within an hour if using aps, and doesn't even last 10-12 hours when in my pocket for the majority of the day. Overall the size was the main selling point for me and I do like the phone, hopefully after replacing the battery I will like it more.
for me the best cell that I have had
Good for the cost & timely delivery
A good phone. Wouldn't pay that much again though.
So far I am not having any issues!
I'm so in love with this phone!!!
It was a replacement for my daughter's lost Ipone, (5c?), reset to use with T-mobile following a reviewer's post. Very satisfied.
Awesome
Using it for a longish abroad (China). I don't have a lot of experience with Android, and to compare it to an iPhone seems a little ridiculous. Phone works, is pretty fast. It's compact and generally haven't had any issues.
Great phone evening was there.
A great phone and I really like the size of it it's not like REALLY big but it's also not small like the iPhone 4! Very well made!
The phone was on time, even early. It was beautiful just as described. My brother enjoys it.
excellent
My phone works well in the US and out of the country. I just pop out the SD card and insert a new one and it works seamlessly. Battery life is pretty good, I can usually make it throughout the day on one charge, and I use my phone heavily. The gold metal surrounding the phone is a beautiful touch. The only thing I don't like is the pop ups that bombard my phone from time to time. I have owned several phones and never experienced this problem.
Everything is fine except charging , battery life is too low
Very fast shipping and excellent product! Exactly what I paid for!
It's a great phone. Phone delivery was prompt :)I am a happy customer.
This is just a great phone! I needed something that was a reasonable size - hopefully the bigger-is-better craze goes away soon. This was one of just two phones small enough (and it's still pretty large, around the size of an iPhone 5).The screen looks great, overall it performs quickly, though the camera does seem to be sluggish. Once it's taken a photo, though, the picture quality is excellent.
I gave it a 4 because its kinda glitchy. When everything works as planned I love the phone.
Phone arrived today. Gave it enough time for the battery to charge, inserted a new SIM card and transferred to my Straight Talk service. I upgraded from Samsung Galaxy S4 and I couldn't be happier. The gold color is beautiful and the screen is vivid. I am very happy with Samsung phones and will never get an iPhone.
very good. 100% recommended
was a gift she was very pleased
I love the phone
Came as advertised it is indeed unlocked great product overall
After Reading So Many Reviews From The Good To The Bad Ones & Researching About This Device I Took The Chance & Bought It. & I Must Say I Made A Good Decision. I Was Afraid To Buy A Phone From Amazon Since I Never Purchased One On Here Before. The Only Bad Thing Is I Wish That I Knew What Type Of Sim Card It Held Because I Cant Use It Until I Purchase One. 😂😂 Camera Is Good. Emojis Bright & Colorful. Easy To Use. Nice Size Phone. Came In Box With Charger, Headphones. I Ordered This On The 3rd & Got It On The 6th In EXCELLENT CONDITION 😍😍. Everything Works Great 👏. No Complaints.
Excellent phone, just what I was looking for.
I love it and don't regret my Samasung S4
Package arrive before estimated time and unopened or damaged. Phone is all that I expected if not better...
Excelent pone. Meet all what I expected. Great price
It fits my expectations!
Excelente
What more can I say about Samsung Galaxy Alpha G850a. It is one of the best Unlocked Cellphone with wide screen and plenty of storage. I love the touchscreen on this phone and while it is not as on-par with the Apple iOS, for people who are used to Android system will have a lovely time exploring this phone and using it for casual uses. The battery life is decent but I do suggest that you buy a portable battery charger just in case you are packing to travel. Great phone overall and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoy Samsung or Android phones in general.
excellente celular
Best choice I could do. I had a lot of researches to find this model and I can tell you that is the best Android cellphone available in this range of price.
I'm enjoying the devise very much. Simple unlocked devise. I placed my AT&T sim card and it started uploading my contacts and whatever else was tied to my AT&T locker. No glitches at all.When original purchased the devise, I had an issue. It would delete some of my incoming text messages and several of my outgoing. It would also duplicate the incoming. It over heated often and the send back button wouldn't work. I had to wait for it to cool down to be able to close my running apps. Messed with my data usage. It's a little smaller than what I expected, but being that I'm a girl, it works for me. I could slip it in my pocket no problem. Contacted amazon and they were very good. Shipped me another devise and gave me a month to return the old one. Worked very well. Gave me enough time to transfer all my apps and images in a timely manner, not in a rush and panic and hope I transfered everything over. New devise seems to work better. It's a little slow being that it's hard drive is small. Pictures are beutiful and vibrant. Wish the camera would zoom a little more than 4megapixles but I'm getting what I paid for. Battery life isnt the best. I have to charge it often. If im going to be out i have to make sure I'm at 100% to make sure it will last 4-5 hours. If I text a lot and take about 30 pics, 4 hours max is the life of the battery. Will definitely be buying another galaxy when I'm ready to upgrade again but a newer version to have a camera and battery upgrade. I get a lot compliments on the vibrancy of my pics.
I love my new phone. Its beautiful
Really good phone and for a n amazing price
Love this phone!
Good phone, works great! it came unlocked but with AT&T logo and apps (not from factory). Equally i liked!
So far, so good. I really enjoy this phone. I had to purchase this after my GS4 sort of crapped out...blue tooth and WIFI stopped working after latest update. Screen is only 720p and I say that dismissively as the resolution is super clear and I cannot tell a difference between it and my GS4's screen. You can take video in 4K as well, if that's what interests you. 32 gigs is plenty for me and even though no micro SD expandable storage, you can always purchase a Patriot Stellar XT USB On The Go to externally expand your storage or move files easy. *UPDATE* Had the phone for 6 months now and still going strong. No complaints whatsoever.
This is a very nice smartphone! Looks cool, feels great, operates perfectly!
Really love this phone. Beats the heck out of my old LG. So much faster. Could not be happier. Does everything I want it to do. Lot of people complain about battery life. I cannot complain at all. It lasts twice as long as my LG. Got it at a great price too. Very pleased. Use it on Net 10 and had it up and running in no time at all.
I usually never leave reviews. But this phone deserves it. it is really amazing. And works perfectly with unlimited lte by metropcs which runs on t mobile network.
Works out of the box on AT&T. To resolve battery life issue, disable location access for the weather app. That made a huge change for me (8 hrs to 16-18 hrs)!
Excelente! 100% recomendado
Condition: new. I bought it to use in El Salvador and works, but doesn't have earphones.
This p has one is so worth it it's the best phone iv ever had upgraded from s3 this phone is so worth it I recommend it
Love it best phone I have owned yet 😊☺
I LOVE IT
Love this phone! It is fast. Camera is better than the last phone ( galaxy light). It is slick looking. Battery life is the same as previous phone,it dies by end of day (evening). I charge it overnight. No improvement as far as battery. All in all, Great phone!! Perfect size, fast, decent camera , and slick looking! Would recommend!! Also has a heart monitor..
Very fast. No problem with phones. Great!
Nice and sexy
I purchased this phone in February, 2015. At first, I had few problems with it. Camera did not work at first opening I needed to restart the program. But over a month or two this problem disappeared. Also, since start and til now, the message sound is quieter than normal but as second message comes at that time the sound becomes normal. I got used to it, and since normally the phone is actually loud, that lower tone for first message is quite nice because then I don't get scared of sudden loud sound. But it's a personal thing. Some people would say it's negative side. Few days ago I had a problem that it could not charge, but it might be because some crumb got into charging port. I never figured out why it happened, but same day this problem vanished. Now everything is fine.If you are android fan and want a smaller size phone, this is great. It is very responsive and fast. I use it with t-mobile and connection is wonderful. In addition, I can't remember a time that this phone would freeze, probably it never happened or just for very short time that I didn't even notice. Battery life, I can't really say it's wonderful having in mind I use my phone alot but it is for sure better than my old S3 .
Bought the unlocked AT&T phone and popped in my Tmobile sim card. Works beautifully. However, I miss the Tmobile Wifi Calling App which this phone does not have. I have not yet found a way to add it. I love this phone's form more than any iPhone.
Excellent
Phone is perfect size for me, and is intuitive to use. Can't beat the price for all the features and 32GB!! It is close to the Galaxy 5 without the cost. Processor is quick. Camera works well. Battery charge could last longer, then I would give it 5 stars.
Works great, love it! No lag , runs smooth. Would recommend.
best cell phone ever, fits on my hands, can use with one hand without risk, activated in Mexico (Telcel service provider), no complains at all. only CON no updates, because is not AT&T.
This phone workes well and is easy to use..
Phone arrived as promise. However, there is not a voicemail notification, so I have to just guess or check periodically. AND I use Straight Talk, and it had to be on the AT&T network. I really don't like the reach of AT&T. My husband has Verizon and everywhere we go he gets signals, as I NEVER do.
A great phone. All the bells and whistles one could want
Great phone. I wanted a Galaxy but did not want the larger screen. At less than 5", was just what I needed. IT has all the features of the rest of the Galaxy family. Smooth update to the latest android version.
Amazing phone. Great battery life. Works on T-Mobile LTE after APN modification. If you want a smaller sized phone to fit in your shirt pocket, there is no other phone in this price range which works with both AT&T and T-Mobile LTE. Sony xperia z3 compact also works but costs more money.Buy it and you won't be disappointed. If you are using it for T-Mobile, go to app manager and disable all the AT&T preloaded bloat-ware.
I love it. Super fast, nice camera, and a sexy design!
I had a Galaxy S3 and was ready to upgrade, my friend purchased this phone and liked it so I decided to try it. I have T mobile and read several reviews with mixed emotions, but the positive outweighed the negative. The phone is awesome in every say! I had to purchase a nano Sim card and followed the instructions to get the 4G to work and I have no major complaints. I am so glad I choose this phone as oppose to spending more money for an equivalent product. My son is thinking about getting one now!My minor complaint is no headphones were include, the shutter speed is not as fast as I anticipated and no memory card slot, but so far I don't think I will need it.Overall the phone is sleek, lightweight, fast and easy to use....love the finger print recognition!
can anyone tell me why i cant use mobile botspot if my phone is apparently unlocked
Good phone...I was hesitant at first but had no problems connecting it with AT&T...the 4g LTE works great... I've had it for 4 months and it is still working!!
I got the phone and put it with straight talk and I get fast 4G LTE and I'm very happy I decided to get it. It is the perfect size and doesn't cost too much.
Love it.
This phone is great! Much less expensive than the S5 and S6 and almost as good! The camera isn't as great, but it's worth the $100s of savings.
I would give it 5 stars if it has a micro SD card option. Very nice phone.
I bought this for my father-in-law and it works great. He did not want something too big and this was perfect size. Also, it works very well on AT&T network. I am not sure what kind of data rate it is receiving, but for his use, (mostly internet and map) he seems to be pretty happy.
Alpha is absolutely amazing! !! Great purchase and price
I purchased this product about a week ago, and it's been a wonderful purchase in that time frame. For the cost, about $250 when I bought it, it's the best no contact phone out there. It has the guts of a Galaxy S5, with a very capable processor and enough internal storage to install a good number of apps and music.It differs from the S5 in a few big, notable ways. For one, it has a metal frame, which sits very comfortably in the hands and gives it a solid feeling. It's certainly looks very nice, and if you've got a desire to have a phone with a stylish design, this one definitely fits the bill.On the downside, the display isn't quite as high res, it lacks an SD card slot for expandable storage, and it has a smaller, lower capacity battery compared to the S5. Thankfully, the lower resolution display still is very sharp, and you can still play videos at 720p resolution. The display also helps the battery life out, with the phone capable of lasting a decent 12-16 hours with moderate usage. With constant usage, it'll last about 8-10 hours.
Bought this for my teenage daughter. It's still in service a year later, so that is cause enough for a great rating.
This has arrived perfect state. Working without problem. I'm very happy.
Excelente seller
Just got this phone and so far it is awesome! I went to the ATT store and asked to start "go phone" service. They give you a sim card for free and you can choose from many prepaid plans, but I am doing unlimited talk/text/data for $40 per month. They let me keep my phone number (from Virgin Mobile) which was cool. The fingerprint scanner is fun to play with, as well as the heart monitor on the back. A nice upgrade over my last Samsung phone, a galaxy S2. The camera is also a nice upgrade! it takes much clearer pictures in low light than my galaxy S2 did and has many more features built in (panorama, etc).Really love the color - it is not a cheap "gold" phone but rather a very lightly tinted color, another reviewer described it as champagne which I think is a good description of the color and also since it is fancy :)
muy bueno
Nice
ok
I really love this phone but arrived with an european travel adapter useless in America, I had to buy another charger, that's why I do not give five stars. The product specs and description should mention about this adapter.
coolest Samsung phone I have owned yet well.
Cool
Amazing phone
Very good phone, its very fast and it has a lot of features, like fingerprint scanner.i really recommend it
Excellent Phone. Im very happy with it! Its no heavy. Perfect size and a gran camera!!!
excellent good product , I recommend this seller 100 %
Excellent!
I guess I would not break any news by saying that Samsung does a great hardware. The phone is great to hold, looks nice, works fast and smooth. Still, comparing it to my Nexus 5, I like bare Android more than Samsung's wrapper.This phone was purchased for my wife, who made a transition from iphone to Android, and it's quite good as such:it's elegant, right size (not the huge screen of other current phones), fast. The battery life is ok, but I would easily trade 0.5mm more width for bigger battery.
Exactly as expected, excellent purchase.
I purchased this phone for one of my sons. He is a heavy user of its cell phone and he is completely happy with it. He was using an iPhone 3gs and the Galaxy Alpha implied a huge improvement.for him. All the applications run very fast and it works with the 4G (LTE) network, which is pretty much faster than the 3G network. Great phone.
The phone is great except the battery isn't very good.
Great, exactly the right size with no need to give up on features.
Awesome phone, battery last a lot, works very well, much better than S4. screen is a bit small
I really love my purchase, it perfectly works in Colombia, the only issue about it it's the battery life, I have to charge it twice per day
Well done!
OK !!!!
Love this phone
As described. Arrived in new condition.
This phone is great and I got it for a good price ($485). First I ordered the Samsung S5 mini (I wanted a smaller screen), but it was annoyingly slow. Alpha is much faster. It also looks much more expensive than S5 mini. It works great in the U.S. with AT&T. I don't doubt it will work in Europe too as it is the international version.I ordered from Big Apple Cellular and I am happy with them (it was fulfilled by Amazon though). They sent me a free case as a bonus. Although that's a nice touch, the case is awfully cheap. Who would put a phone for $500 in a case for $1...? But, yes, they tried. It was delivered exactly on the estimated delivery date which was 7 days after I ordered it. I felt like they are holding the shipment on purpose as it didn't ship until the night it was due to be delivered.Ordering through dealers on Amazon, I was also worried whether the phone is original. There are websites to check the phone's IMEI against a database. When you put in the IMEI, the database is supposed to show all the info about the phone - model, specs etc. When I put in my IMEI, I got info for a Nokia phone from 2005, so that was bad. Other websites couldn't find the IMEI at all. So I researched how best to test authenticity and it looks like it is through Samsung Kies. You can download the software on your PC and then connect the phone. If the software recognizes the device, then it's authentic. My phone was recognized! Phew! It is original.It is a really nice phone and looks very elegant. The back cover is much better than the Samsung S5 mini which looks super cheap. Especially the gold S5 mini...it's pretty bad in my opinion.I recommend Alpha!
Beautiful
I really loved this phone but unfortunately I had to return it. I purchased this phone with the hopes of using it on T-Mobile but because it's the international version, it's not compatible with T-Mobile's LTE. You can still get decent speeds but I was not able to get any LTE when I tried this phone. The size of the phone is great and so is the build quality, wish I could have kept the phone.
Here's a quick review of the international Samsung Galaxy Alpha.Before I start, I'd like to mention I have the AT&T version of the Samsung Galaxy S 5, and I also have the AT&T version of the Galaxy Alpha. I compared all three of them.Build Quality:The Galaxy Alpha in general is a beautiful phone. I love the size and how thin it is. The metal frame looks great, but it also feels very solid in my hand. My Galaxy S5 seems to creak every time I hold it. The Alpha's build quality it superb compared to the S5.It's not water resistant, however, I don't mind. I prefer the slim design and I am willing to give up water proofing to have it. Also, it's nice not to have to deal with the USB cover and the annoying water resistant warnings Samsung overlays every time you reboot the phone or unplug the USB cable.Display:My honest opinion is the Galaxy S5 has a superior display. That being said, the 720p display of the Alpha is top notch. The colors are accurate, (in photo mode), viewing angles are great, brightness is adequate, and you get the familiar benefits of it being OLED. I would like to mention that you can see the negative side effects of the diamond pentile matrix if you look at text very close up. From a normal viewing distance, the display looks fine. I've read a couple reviews that said the display had a bluish tint to it. Comparing it side by side to my Galaxy S5 the whites looked spot on! I would like to note, the alpha has slightly more color shifting when you view it from off angles. In fact, the display DOES appear more bluish at an off angle than the S5 does. However normal viewing angles it looks great. Update: I took a closer look at my two Alphas side by side. The international Alpha does indeed have a slightly cooler shade of white than the AT&T model. I'm not sure if they were purposely calibrated differently, or it's just a manufacturing thing. The AT&T model has a more accurate white, although I think both models look great!Performance:The international Galaxy Alpha and AT&T Galaxy Alpha do have some differences when it comes to performance. I noticed this immediately when comparing the AT&T Alpha to the S5. The AT&T model was just as quick in general launching apps and performing basic tasks, however it seems like the AT&T Alpha has trouble handling scrolling as well as the S5 or the international Alpha (G850F) I first noticed it when I applied the phase beam live wallpaper. Scrolling on the AT&T Alpha become jittery and frames started being dropped. On the S5 and International Alpha, it was buttery smooth. I also noticed this issue in other menus, Facebook, and scrolling webpages. The S5 and international Alpha just performed better. This is strange, because the AT&T Alpha and S5 have the same Snapdragon 801 CPU. My guess is either its somehow being down clocked to achieve similar battery life results at the international Alpha, or the AT&T Alpha's software isn't optimized for the best performance. It's could also be the result of all the AT&T bloatware and junk they've added to US version. Either way, the international (G850F) is the way to go, and it performs just at fast as the Galaxy S5.Camera:Love the camera! If you loved the S5 camera, then you will love the Alpha's camera. Essentially its the same great camera minus a few megapixels. It still takes excellent quality photos, and the focus is lighting fast! The front camera is on par with the S5 also.Battery life:The AT&T and international Alpha appear to have similar battery life. Once the batteries get broken in and have a few charges on them, I haven't had a problem getting through the day with them. Honestly, the S5 will outlast the Alpha in terms of endurance, but the Alpha will most likely get you through a full day before it needs to be charged. Update: after using the ALPHA for a while now, my average battery life seems to be very good. I'm a mid to heavy user, but I can take my ALPHA off the charger at 7am and at about midnight it will be at 10-15% battery remaining. Not Bad!Conclusion:The Galaxy Alpha it a great phone! It does sacrifice a few things that make the Galaxy S5 so great, but nothing I'm not willing to live without. It feels great in the hand, works great with one hand, and it is the best looking phone Samsung has ever made. The performance matches what you would expect from the S5, and the battery life is respectable. I'm pretty happy with the Alpha. I do recommend buying the international version as opposed to the AT&T version as the AT&T version seems to have some general performance issues. (Just a note: The G850F has dark Touchwiz menus that play nicely with the OLED screen. The AT&T version has ugly blinding white menus. Also, the G850 allows dynamic manual adjustment of the auto brightness settings if its set. You can make it slightly dimmer or brighter without taking out of auto mode. Also! The G850F is free of carrier bloat and unlocked. ++)
Great
It's a really cool phone and the delivery was on time.
Phone seems fine despite not being what I ordered. Was sent a G850Y, from China, Not the G850F I ordered from Washington State. The 850Y does not have 4G LTE Speed on T-Mobile as I had hoped. Although the phone works well for the most part, be aware I'm not sure you can trust this providers word.
Excellent Product 100% recommended
Works in Uruguay! Perfect! :D
This phone is really slick. It's quite thin, and feels like a million bucks. The screen is fabulous. I cannot understand why folks complain about its resolution. The battery life is below average, but the power save mode extends that quite a bit while still retaining most functions. The processor is very nice, video playback is seamless, and there are no skips while navigating. The thing that sold me on this phone is that it doesn't take up much real estate to carry. I can put this thing in any one of my pockets, and it doesn't feel awkward. In addition to living in the US, I travel to Europe, and Asia so the GSM compatibility is really nice.
I really love this phone but arrived with an european travel adapter useless in America, I had to buy another charger, that's why I do not give five stars. The product specs and description should mention about this adapter.
coolest Samsung phone I have owned yet well.
Cool
Amazing phone
Very good phone, its very fast and it has a lot of features, like fingerprint scanner.i really recommend it
Excellent Phone. Im very happy with it! Its no heavy. Perfect size and a gran camera!!!
excellent good product , I recommend this seller 100 %
Excellent!
I guess I would not break any news by saying that Samsung does a great hardware. The phone is great to hold, looks nice, works fast and smooth. Still, comparing it to my Nexus 5, I like bare Android more than Samsung's wrapper.This phone was purchased for my wife, who made a transition from iphone to Android, and it's quite good as such:it's elegant, right size (not the huge screen of other current phones), fast. The battery life is ok, but I would easily trade 0.5mm more width for bigger battery.
Exactly as expected, excellent purchase.
I purchased this phone for one of my sons. He is a heavy user of its cell phone and he is completely happy with it. He was using an iPhone 3gs and the Galaxy Alpha implied a huge improvement.for him. All the applications run very fast and it works with the 4G (LTE) network, which is pretty much faster than the 3G network. Great phone.
The phone is great except the battery isn't very good.
Great, exactly the right size with no need to give up on features.
Awesome phone, battery last a lot, works very well, much better than S4. screen is a bit small
I really love my purchase, it perfectly works in Colombia, the only issue about it it's the battery life, I have to charge it twice per day
Well done!
OK !!!!
Love this phone
As described. Arrived in new condition.
I really love this phone but arrived with an european travel adapter useless in America, I had to buy another charger, that's why I do not give five stars. The product specs and description should mention about this adapter.
coolest Samsung phone I have owned yet well.
Cool
Amazing phone
Very good phone, its very fast and it has a lot of features, like fingerprint scanner.i really recommend it
Excellent Phone. Im very happy with it! Its no heavy. Perfect size and a gran camera!!!
excellent good product , I recommend this seller 100 %
Excellent!
I guess I would not break any news by saying that Samsung does a great hardware. The phone is great to hold, looks nice, works fast and smooth. Still, comparing it to my Nexus 5, I like bare Android more than Samsung's wrapper.This phone was purchased for my wife, who made a transition from iphone to Android, and it's quite good as such:it's elegant, right size (not the huge screen of other current phones), fast. The battery life is ok, but I would easily trade 0.5mm more width for bigger battery.
Great
It's a really cool phone and the delivery was on time.
Phone seems fine despite not being what I ordered. Was sent a G850Y, from China, Not the G850F I ordered from Washington State. The 850Y does not have 4G LTE Speed on T-Mobile as I had hoped. Although the phone works well for the most part, be aware I'm not sure you can trust this providers word.
Excellent Product 100% recommended
Works in Uruguay! Perfect! :D
Good product
This phone is really slick. It's quite thin, and feels like a million bucks. The screen is fabulous. I cannot understand why folks complain about its resolution. The battery life is below average, but the power save mode extends that quite a bit while still retaining most functions. The processor is very nice, video playback is seamless, and there are no skips while navigating. The thing that sold me on this phone is that it doesn't take up much real estate to carry. I can put this thing in any one of my pockets, and it doesn't feel awkward. In addition to living in the US, I travel to Europe, and Asia so the GSM compatibility is really nice.
This phone is great and I got it for a good price ($485). First I ordered the Samsung S5 mini (I wanted a smaller screen), but it was annoyingly slow. Alpha is much faster. It also looks much more expensive than S5 mini. It works great in the U.S. with AT&T. I don't doubt it will work in Europe too as it is the international version.I ordered from Big Apple Cellular and I am happy with them (it was fulfilled by Amazon though). They sent me a free case as a bonus. Although that's a nice touch, the case is awfully cheap. Who would put a phone for $500 in a case for $1...? But, yes, they tried. It was delivered exactly on the estimated delivery date which was 7 days after I ordered it. I felt like they are holding the shipment on purpose as it didn't ship until the night it was due to be delivered.Ordering through dealers on Amazon, I was also worried whether the phone is original. There are websites to check the phone's IMEI against a database. When you put in the IMEI, the database is supposed to show all the info about the phone - model, specs etc. When I put in my IMEI, I got info for a Nokia phone from 2005, so that was bad. Other websites couldn't find the IMEI at all. So I researched how best to test authenticity and it looks like it is through Samsung Kies. You can download the software on your PC and then connect the phone. If the software recognizes the device, then it's authentic. My phone was recognized! Phew! It is original.It is a really nice phone and looks very elegant. The back cover is much better than the Samsung S5 mini which looks super cheap. Especially the gold S5 mini...it's pretty bad in my opinion.I recommend Alpha!
Beautiful
I really loved this phone but unfortunately I had to return it. I purchased this phone with the hopes of using it on T-Mobile but because it's the international version, it's not compatible with T-Mobile's LTE. You can still get decent speeds but I was not able to get any LTE when I tried this phone. The size of the phone is great and so is the build quality, wish I could have kept the phone.
Here's a quick review of the international Samsung Galaxy Alpha.Before I start, I'd like to mention I have the AT&T version of the Samsung Galaxy S 5, and I also have the AT&T version of the Galaxy Alpha. I compared all three of them.Build Quality:The Galaxy Alpha in general is a beautiful phone. I love the size and how thin it is. The metal frame looks great, but it also feels very solid in my hand. My Galaxy S5 seems to creak every time I hold it. The Alpha's build quality it superb compared to the S5.It's not water resistant, however, I don't mind. I prefer the slim design and I am willing to give up water proofing to have it. Also, it's nice not to have to deal with the USB cover and the annoying water resistant warnings Samsung overlays every time you reboot the phone or unplug the USB cable.Display:My honest opinion is the Galaxy S5 has a superior display. That being said, the 720p display of the Alpha is top notch. The colors are accurate, (in photo mode), viewing angles are great, brightness is adequate, and you get the familiar benefits of it being OLED. I would like to mention that you can see the negative side effects of the diamond pentile matrix if you look at text very close up. From a normal viewing distance, the display looks fine. I've read a couple reviews that said the display had a bluish tint to it. Comparing it side by side to my Galaxy S5 the whites looked spot on! I would like to note, the alpha has slightly more color shifting when you view it from off angles. In fact, the display DOES appear more bluish at an off angle than the S5 does. However normal viewing angles it looks great. Update: I took a closer look at my two Alphas side by side. The international Alpha does indeed have a slightly cooler shade of white than the AT&T model. I'm not sure if they were purposely calibrated differently, or it's just a manufacturing thing. The AT&T model has a more accurate white, although I think both models look great!Performance:The international Galaxy Alpha and AT&T Galaxy Alpha do have some differences when it comes to performance. I noticed this immediately when comparing the AT&T Alpha to the S5. The AT&T model was just as quick in general launching apps and performing basic tasks, however it seems like the AT&T Alpha has trouble handling scrolling as well as the S5 or the international Alpha (G850F) I first noticed it when I applied the phase beam live wallpaper. Scrolling on the AT&T Alpha become jittery and frames started being dropped. On the S5 and International Alpha, it was buttery smooth. I also noticed this issue in other menus, Facebook, and scrolling webpages. The S5 and international Alpha just performed better. This is strange, because the AT&T Alpha and S5 have the same Snapdragon 801 CPU. My guess is either its somehow being down clocked to achieve similar battery life results at the international Alpha, or the AT&T Alpha's software isn't optimized for the best performance. It's could also be the result of all the AT&T bloatware and junk they've added to US version. Either way, the international (G850F) is the way to go, and it performs just at fast as the Galaxy S5.Camera:Love the camera! If you loved the S5 camera, then you will love the Alpha's camera. Essentially its the same great camera minus a few megapixels. It still takes excellent quality photos, and the focus is lighting fast! The front camera is on par with the S5 also.Battery life:The AT&T and international Alpha appear to have similar battery life. Once the batteries get broken in and have a few charges on them, I haven't had a problem getting through the day with them. Honestly, the S5 will outlast the Alpha in terms of endurance, but the Alpha will most likely get you through a full day before it needs to be charged. Update: after using the ALPHA for a while now, my average battery life seems to be very good. I'm a mid to heavy user, but I can take my ALPHA off the charger at 7am and at about midnight it will be at 10-15% battery remaining. Not Bad!Conclusion:The Galaxy Alpha it a great phone! It does sacrifice a few things that make the Galaxy S5 so great, but nothing I'm not willing to live without. It feels great in the hand, works great with one hand, and it is the best looking phone Samsung has ever made. The performance matches what you would expect from the S5, and the battery life is respectable. I'm pretty happy with the Alpha. I do recommend buying the international version as opposed to the AT&T version as the AT&T version seems to have some general performance issues. (Just a note: The G850F has dark Touchwiz menus that play nicely with the OLED screen. The AT&T version has ugly blinding white menus. Also, the G850 allows dynamic manual adjustment of the auto brightness settings if its set. You can make it slightly dimmer or brighter without taking out of auto mode. Also! The G850F is free of carrier bloat and unlocked. ++)
I really love this phone but arrived with an european travel adapter useless in America, I had to buy another charger, that's why I do not give five stars. The product specs and description should mention about this adapter.
coolest Samsung phone I have owned yet well.
Cool
Amazing phone
Very good phone, its very fast and it has a lot of features, like fingerprint scanner.i really recommend it
Excellent Phone. Im very happy with it! Its no heavy. Perfect size and a gran camera!!!
excellent good product , I recommend this seller 100 %
Excellent!
I guess I would not break any news by saying that Samsung does a great hardware. The phone is great to hold, looks nice, works fast and smooth. Still, comparing it to my Nexus 5, I like bare Android more than Samsung's wrapper.This phone was purchased for my wife, who made a transition from iphone to Android, and it's quite good as such:it's elegant, right size (not the huge screen of other current phones), fast. The battery life is ok, but I would easily trade 0.5mm more width for bigger battery.
This phone is great and I got it for a good price ($485). First I ordered the Samsung S5 mini (I wanted a smaller screen), but it was annoyingly slow. Alpha is much faster. It also looks much more expensive than S5 mini. It works great in the U.S. with AT&T. I don't doubt it will work in Europe too as it is the international version.I ordered from Big Apple Cellular and I am happy with them (it was fulfilled by Amazon though). They sent me a free case as a bonus. Although that's a nice touch, the case is awfully cheap. Who would put a phone for $500 in a case for $1...? But, yes, they tried. It was delivered exactly on the estimated delivery date which was 7 days after I ordered it. I felt like they are holding the shipment on purpose as it didn't ship until the night it was due to be delivered.Ordering through dealers on Amazon, I was also worried whether the phone is original. There are websites to check the phone's IMEI against a database. When you put in the IMEI, the database is supposed to show all the info about the phone - model, specs etc. When I put in my IMEI, I got info for a Nokia phone from 2005, so that was bad. Other websites couldn't find the IMEI at all. So I researched how best to test authenticity and it looks like it is through Samsung Kies. You can download the software on your PC and then connect the phone. If the software recognizes the device, then it's authentic. My phone was recognized! Phew! It is original.It is a really nice phone and looks very elegant. The back cover is much better than the Samsung S5 mini which looks super cheap. Especially the gold S5 mini...it's pretty bad in my opinion.I recommend Alpha!
Beautiful
I really loved this phone but unfortunately I had to return it. I purchased this phone with the hopes of using it on T-Mobile but because it's the international version, it's not compatible with T-Mobile's LTE. You can still get decent speeds but I was not able to get any LTE when I tried this phone. The size of the phone is great and so is the build quality, wish I could have kept the phone.
Here's a quick review of the international Samsung Galaxy Alpha.Before I start, I'd like to mention I have the AT&T version of the Samsung Galaxy S 5, and I also have the AT&T version of the Galaxy Alpha. I compared all three of them.Build Quality:The Galaxy Alpha in general is a beautiful phone. I love the size and how thin it is. The metal frame looks great, but it also feels very solid in my hand. My Galaxy S5 seems to creak every time I hold it. The Alpha's build quality it superb compared to the S5.It's not water resistant, however, I don't mind. I prefer the slim design and I am willing to give up water proofing to have it. Also, it's nice not to have to deal with the USB cover and the annoying water resistant warnings Samsung overlays every time you reboot the phone or unplug the USB cable.Display:My honest opinion is the Galaxy S5 has a superior display. That being said, the 720p display of the Alpha is top notch. The colors are accurate, (in photo mode), viewing angles are great, brightness is adequate, and you get the familiar benefits of it being OLED. I would like to mention that you can see the negative side effects of the diamond pentile matrix if you look at text very close up. From a normal viewing distance, the display looks fine. I've read a couple reviews that said the display had a bluish tint to it. Comparing it side by side to my Galaxy S5 the whites looked spot on! I would like to note, the alpha has slightly more color shifting when you view it from off angles. In fact, the display DOES appear more bluish at an off angle than the S5 does. However normal viewing angles it looks great. Update: I took a closer look at my two Alphas side by side. The international Alpha does indeed have a slightly cooler shade of white than the AT&T model. I'm not sure if they were purposely calibrated differently, or it's just a manufacturing thing. The AT&T model has a more accurate white, although I think both models look great!Performance:The international Galaxy Alpha and AT&T Galaxy Alpha do have some differences when it comes to performance. I noticed this immediately when comparing the AT&T Alpha to the S5. The AT&T model was just as quick in general launching apps and performing basic tasks, however it seems like the AT&T Alpha has trouble handling scrolling as well as the S5 or the international Alpha (G850F) I first noticed it when I applied the phase beam live wallpaper. Scrolling on the AT&T Alpha become jittery and frames started being dropped. On the S5 and International Alpha, it was buttery smooth. I also noticed this issue in other menus, Facebook, and scrolling webpages. The S5 and international Alpha just performed better. This is strange, because the AT&T Alpha and S5 have the same Snapdragon 801 CPU. My guess is either its somehow being down clocked to achieve similar battery life results at the international Alpha, or the AT&T Alpha's software isn't optimized for the best performance. It's could also be the result of all the AT&T bloatware and junk they've added to US version. Either way, the international (G850F) is the way to go, and it performs just at fast as the Galaxy S5.Camera:Love the camera! If you loved the S5 camera, then you will love the Alpha's camera. Essentially its the same great camera minus a few megapixels. It still takes excellent quality photos, and the focus is lighting fast! The front camera is on par with the S5 also.Battery life:The AT&T and international Alpha appear to have similar battery life. Once the batteries get broken in and have a few charges on them, I haven't had a problem getting through the day with them. Honestly, the S5 will outlast the Alpha in terms of endurance, but the Alpha will most likely get you through a full day before it needs to be charged. Update: after using the ALPHA for a while now, my average battery life seems to be very good. I'm a mid to heavy user, but I can take my ALPHA off the charger at 7am and at about midnight it will be at 10-15% battery remaining. Not Bad!Conclusion:The Galaxy Alpha it a great phone! It does sacrifice a few things that make the Galaxy S5 so great, but nothing I'm not willing to live without. It feels great in the hand, works great with one hand, and it is the best looking phone Samsung has ever made. The performance matches what you would expect from the S5, and the battery life is respectable. I'm pretty happy with the Alpha. I do recommend buying the international version as opposed to the AT&T version as the AT&T version seems to have some general performance issues. (Just a note: The G850F has dark Touchwiz menus that play nicely with the OLED screen. The AT&T version has ugly blinding white menus. Also, the G850 allows dynamic manual adjustment of the auto brightness settings if its set. You can make it slightly dimmer or brighter without taking out of auto mode. Also! The G850F is free of carrier bloat and unlocked. ++)
Exactly as expected, excellent purchase.
I purchased this phone for one of my sons. He is a heavy user of its cell phone and he is completely happy with it. He was using an iPhone 3gs and the Galaxy Alpha implied a huge improvement.for him. All the applications run very fast and it works with the 4G (LTE) network, which is pretty much faster than the 3G network. Great phone.
The phone is great except the battery isn't very good.
Great, exactly the right size with no need to give up on features.
Awesome phone, battery last a lot, works very well, much better than S4. screen is a bit small
I really love my purchase, it perfectly works in Colombia, the only issue about it it's the battery life, I have to charge it twice per day
Well done!
OK !!!!
Love this phone
As described. Arrived in new condition.
Great
It's a really cool phone and the delivery was on time.
Phone seems fine despite not being what I ordered. Was sent a G850Y, from China, Not the G850F I ordered from Washington State. The 850Y does not have 4G LTE Speed on T-Mobile as I had hoped. Although the phone works well for the most part, be aware I'm not sure you can trust this providers word.
Excellent Product 100% recommended
Works in Uruguay! Perfect! :D
Good product
This phone is really slick. It's quite thin, and feels like a million bucks. The screen is fabulous. I cannot understand why folks complain about its resolution. The battery life is below average, but the power save mode extends that quite a bit while still retaining most functions. The processor is very nice, video playback is seamless, and there are no skips while navigating. The thing that sold me on this phone is that it doesn't take up much real estate to carry. I can put this thing in any one of my pockets, and it doesn't feel awkward. In addition to living in the US, I travel to Europe, and Asia so the GSM compatibility is really nice.
I love this cell, I have two for me by far the best model, cheap, and powerfull
Everything as expected
Extremely fast shipping! I got the phone 2 days earlier than I expected. Also great service from the vendor, they reached out through email to make sure everything was as I expected and if I needed any help setting up the new phone. Phone was not getting 4G Lte at first, but I just had to change a few settings, very easy fix. The phone is definitely capable of 4G on the AT&T network. Overall very happy with this phone, especially for the price.
Excelente phone. Im very happy with it.The only thing to say as a negative aspect, that it has no IR/DA. Thanks a lot. Best Regards
So great! No bloatware, works great! Get one
I like it unfortunately the herd mentality tends to support Apple's product thus there are fewer applications for this great, and in my opinion superior, smartphone.
By the best phone and buying experience I have had ! thank you Breed .
Awesome! I have no issues with my new Samsung Alpha...
Great little Samsung, direct competition to iPhone 6, almost as fast as the iPhone 6 but way more customizable. It does not come with a micro as slot, which is a down side compared to other Samsung Galaxy phones. It does not have an ir port, so it can't be used with a tv. Battery life can take you through the day if moderate use. It supports qi wireless charging with the proper Samsung battery cover, but this will add some bulk (a bit over 1mm) to the phone. I recommend this phone for somebody that wants a smaller smart phone, that is decently fast and does not require heavy usage of the device as battery won't last through the day. Very light and high quality finish. The aluminum frame is not very tough and it will scratch very easy if the phone is dropped on a concrete or asphalt pavement, even if it falls from less than 4 inches, as it happened to me when I crawled under the car and the phone slipped from the pocket. iPhone 6 for example did not scuff as bad as the Galaxy alpha under the same conditions (I know, I should take out the phone from the pocket when doing such activities...)
I like the phone. It has kind of the iphone design but adroid which I wanted.
The best cel phone. Great item and seller.
It's a great phone. Very glad it worked seamlessly in Europe. i like how light it is and the size is right for me. OS could be better but overall still great!
excellent
This is THE version of the Galaxy Alpha to buy. Completely unlocked, free of carrierware, able to receive system updates directly from Samsung, and rootable. Reception is great on T-Mobile even though the signal strength only shows 2/4 bars, never had any problems on calls.
Good combination of power in a small Android
excellent phone
I need your help. Please i vote you 5 star. I need to buy:http://www.amazon.co.uk/Samsung-Accumulator-Replacement-Battery-Galaxy-black/dp/B00P2UME8Y/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1429280147&sr=8-1&keywords=power+accumulator+samsung+galaxy+alphaI need that JPMobile of Amazon US public dis ítem for buy. The orginal battery of alpha is to short, please help me, i want tu buy this ítem.Regards
love, love this phone...quite fun and easy to use..going on my third month of usage and so far, no problems at all, except that it gets hot when charging and using the phone at the same time...but its been well worth..the $$$ i paid for it...ooo.have i mentioed that the frosted gold is just divine??...it is lovely..
Thanks... as described...
Just got the phone. Looks swanky. Still charging the baby so I can't say how awesome the performance is.Before you buy though, this thing takes a nano sim card!!! I had a micro simcard from my previous phone so I'll have to transfer my stuff onto a nano card before I can use this.
Great phone, so much in such a small device
That's a very good phone which is working fine.
I love this phone, it's a little bit bigger than an iPhone but still a Galaxy. I like the simplicity of the android system
Excellent got just what I expected! Love the phone!
I love it except that a single fall from 3 feet onto carpet and now I'm having problems with the screen going out. Loose connection.
This is an excellent phone for the money. The display is crisp and clear, processor very fast, camera excellent, call quality superb, Bluetooth refined, multitasking easy, all around joy to use.The major drawback is the battery life. -1 star when you have to run bare bones widgets because of that and 2gb of ram. Not a deal breaker when considering all the positives and that the battery is removable. Gj on this one Sammy.Frequent phone changer (10+ year) coming from htc One M9.
Everything is perfect about this phone..i allready order 2
I got this phone for my daughter's birthday, but I was able to pop my sim card and use it for a day. Her BDay is still a ways off, and I was able to update the software to Android 5.0.2 lollipop. I did some research and Android 6.0 marshmallow will be released for this phone which makes me very happy.I know she will love this phone, because the screen is the right size for her. Battery life is great, and it flies through any app. I charge it with the included wall AC adapter, and it does not get hot even when I'm using it. A little warm, but not like some of the others are saying on their review. I will update it I find any problems, but none so far!
It's light, simple and slick!!
The phone was sent to Trinidad in the Caribbean and it's working great...my sister loves it, says it so much simpler to use..now my other sister wants one...
Really good product!!
This phone is dependable, and stable like other galaxy's.Although it does not have luxurious screen and additional functions. it is useful.
Excellent and it works in Argentina with Claro.
Good
Great
Good phone
Worked well and am using it all the time
Great smartphone
The cellphone is really unlocked , workd good in ecuador
ok
It is the perfect phone for me
Value for money
Only my 3rd cell but a very nice easy to use phone with the size I like
All ok
This was very satisfying.
The smartphone is good also with nice design. The price for a smartphone is affordable. Highly recommened
Great phone. Works perfectly well with both Sim cards. Can't be better than this.
Nice phone and very cheap price
excelente celular.
All right
This phone was more than I expected. My daughter loves it! I will definitely purchase again. Seller is awesome!!
Great phone comes new in the box with charger syc cable and headphones only down side is it dont have a manual
amazing
Very good cellphoneIt works
I bought this phone for my aunt, she needed a smart phone with dual camera which has good enough quality. Also one that is dual SIM. She loves it, she not much of a tech savvy person that looks for graphic details. .but the graphics is good enough. It's overall a great smart phone.
first smart phone , hopefully I'll get use to it
very good
Excelente
Great phone. Bought as a gift.
This is my first samsung smartphone. And a good choice. A very user-friendly phone, not afraid to dig inside and see what it can do. It came to me in excellent condition just as the seller had stated with no problems afterwards. a very wise purchase .
Wonderful! And more space but battery could be better. Still have to charge it if I use a lot.
MUY BIEN
Very good phone for the money. The fact that it comes with Kit Kat 4.4.2 makes it faster despite its low RAM. Very good camera. My mother loves it since is her firts Smartphone.
Excellent phone for the price. Lots of easily accessible features. Good strong signal.
excellent product, I recommend it.
Simply amazing!! does nearly all the stuff a galaxy can do...
PERFECTO
This phone looks very good...does almost every thing the galaxy 5 does. love the feel of it but there is a lot of feedback when making a call. It also has a tap to unlock feature that makes it very difficult to pay a bill while trying to enter your debit card or other information. The phone locks when in call which I did not like so I send it back! For those of you that know how to do all the settings on a phone this could be a perfect phone.
My daughter like it a lot!
ok
I loved, thank you
GOOD SELLER ORIGINAL PRODUCT.
It's great!
Good buy two Sim slots wanted it to replace an old clunker and to become more independent in my choice of service on my cell. two Sims gives me the choice of a totally anonymous number and one more open both contract free. Plus saving money on service. The galaxy with android service was a surprise in that I don't have to haul around a clunker laptop all the time. System was easy to learn few hitches but easily overcome. Anybody with similar needs should look into this phone on Amazon got a good deal and I am happy with it.
Good
I bought this phone for my mother who has never used a smart phone and she is loving it very easy to use the service was great and arrived in about 3 days to Hawaii
Ok
Works great, resolution wonderful. Bought for a teenager and she is happy with it.
Good
Ok
Perfect everything I'm super happy thank u
this phone meet all my requirementit's a very good phone
It's light, simple and slick!!
The phone was sent to Trinidad in the Caribbean and it's working great...my sister loves it, says it so much simpler to use..now my other sister wants one...
Really good product!!
This phone is dependable, and stable like other galaxy's.Although it does not have luxurious screen and additional functions. it is useful.
Good
good
This phone is the best [smart] phone I have ever had. This phone is so worth the $189.00 I paid for it. I really love this phone and t-mobile is a really good company. I would definitely suggest that you get it.
My previous phone was an iPhone 4 which I got for the ecosystem/iLife compatibility with my MacBook Pro. This phone looks and functions like a value version of the iPhone. Whereas the iPhone has a solidity and style that belongs in a design museum, the Exhibit II 4G feels more like a beautiful everyday object, one that, when dropped, inspires irritation rather than panic. The two phones are actually very close in terms of general hardware features, notably the mini-tablet shape, size of the screen, image quality, bi-directional camera, and other smaller details. (It is very easy to see why Apple had filed a lawsuit against Samsung for imitation.) The biggest adjustment personally has been switching from the buttery smooth responsiveness of the iPhone touchscreen to the entirely functional, but uninspiring, Exhibit screen. Otherwise, I am extremely pleased with the range of apps, built-in Swype and voice texting, crystal clear Wi-Fi calling (useful for an occasionally spotty T-Mobile network). Ultimately the decision is whether a great iPhone is worth $60 a month more in subscription fees than a (very) good Exhibit. AT&T and T-Mobile offering a comparable service, we past and present iPhone users are essentially paying an extra $720 a year to remain in the exclusive Apple ecosystem. What's an iLife worth to you?
I just bought this item to get the T-mobile 30$ unlimited 100 mn plan.Item came really fast within 2 days (with free super saving). I'm writing how to activate the plan as some people had trouble with that apparentlyThe activation of the 30$ plan is straightforward (if you are a new customer, I don't care to get a new phone number but apparently people have trouble to switch their old number to this plan. It is aimed to attract new customers...) just go there[...]and enter your informations and the activation informations (activation card on the document inside the box + info at the bottom of the box or check the sim card and the phone battery). Just follow the instructions (pay 30$, etc)For the phone activation, I had more trouble. After your plan is activated (and paid) you will get an email. Use the information on the mail to activate your phone. There are probably several ways to do it (call T-mobile ?). For me, I went there[...]and followed a step by step process (add an info written on the email they just send you, click continue, enter info on the next box)When you are done, your phone is activated BUT will do nothing useful until you reboot (took me forever to find out...)About the phone, I was using a prepaid blackberry plan and the T-mobile 4G makes a huge difference (I don't live in a big city, got one or two bars usually). When I drop on edge, it is like my old blackberry.It is extremely slippery, I just bought a protective skin to get a better grasp. I would not recommend to use it without protection as it will probably fall from your hands at some point. The touch screen is an interesting experience for a blackberry user. I am using it on the side to get a bigger keyboard. Overall, I would say for a new user like me, the screen reacts as expected 80-90% of the time (other time, you mispell, click the wrong link, etc)The number of apps is amazing and a decent number can probably be downloaded on the device without a memory card. I just ordered a memory card but it is because I am planning to use it as an mp3 player and store music on it (sound quality sounds good to me).I had no memory left after getting facebook and google map on my blackberry so I could not use it to do a lot of things. I am just scratching the surface but I believe I will have a much better experience and flexibility with this device.Battery life does not look really high using the default settings. It is one day max for me just discovering what the device can do. It can probably be improved by tuning the settings or by downloading the good app. It is approximatively what I had with my blackberry (and I was using it less often).Overall a really good experience. It is cheaper and better than what I was paying for. I rate it 4 stars because I've no idea how durable the device is. I would go 4.5 stars if it was possible. If it lasts more than one year, what I save every month with this new plan will have paid for the phone and it will deserve much more than 5 stars.EDIT: apparently I cannot write links on the review... The first one would be the one you would get typing on google something like T-mobile + activation. The second one is the link written on the activation card (among the 3 ways to activate the phone).
After breaking my android and finding out that it cost $450, I knew I was in for a downgrade. But to my surprise, this is NOT a downgrade yet is LESS THAN HALF THE PRICE of other droids! Fast connection, good image quality, and lightweight. I haven't been able to activate the hotspot like I could with my old phone, but that may be a change in my tmobile data package? I highly recommend a case and then you're good to go! Very satisfied.
I was expecting this phone to be decent and usable. But I am blown away by it's hardware. The screen is amazing. Bright, sharp and crisp are words I would use to describe it. It is one of the nicer screens I have used on a phone or tablet.The phone also performs well. I haven't had any troubles running programs yet and in the few videos I have pulled up on the internet played without any problems. There has been a couple hesitations when trying to switch between windows but it definitely is not the norm. I am impressed with the interface that Samsung has put on the phone. I was thinking I would need to tinker/root the phone to maximize it's abilities, but I might just leave it as is. However, the phone is loaded with bloatware. Rooting might be worthwhile to get rid of all the excess programs.The phone comes with an activation kit...however, I popped in a post-paid SIM and it ran fine. 4G works as advertised.
I am so glad that I purchased the phone, it was exactly what I needed. The phone along with the monthly prepaid plan without an annual contract is what I have and very happy with it. Definitely recommend to whoever wants to save money on their monthly cell phone bill.
I bought this phone a month ago and I love it! It has all the functions you'd expect from an Android device. I especially love the Wifi and the free GPS! After playing around with it for a while I have noticed that the phone can sometimes slow down or even freeze if you put it under too much stress. Sometimes, quickly backing out of a game while a few other programs are running will freeze the device. Also, the touch buttons on the bottom of the phone sometimes get in the way of games. I often find myself accidentally pressing the home button and exiting out of a game that I was playing.Overall, if you're okay with running just medium-end games and only a few programs at once then this phone is absolutely great!
just got my phones yesterday, ordered 2 phones and used with my $50 unlimited plan, phone is great. android is good, market place, Love it, fast , upgraded from a unlocked iphone 3gs, wont go back,would recommend it.
I have this phone for almost a month. I love it. Very reasonable price with useful features. I'm so glad I bought this product and case cover [ASIN:B0069TJ4CG TPU Skin Cover for Samsung Exhibit II 4G T679, Black]. Higly recommended.
this phone is excellent, it has a front facing camera, flash, back facing camera. very speedy, great price point.this is coming from someone who has multiple iphones and a blackberryyou will not be disappointed with this phone. it easily competes and even wins with phones 3 times the price
Bought it back in 12/10/2011Right when i got it, had a live chat with tmobile to have it unlocked so i can use at&tthen rooted it using zerg rush method.really like it when it works.. there is maybe 5 to 10% of the time where it would have a small glitch here or there.for most part it's great, and worth the money buying.Battery life is good, last about 2 days with a full charge.I do recommend getting this if you need a simple phone, or a phone that can browse / get online.as long as your not a heavy user, you'll find everything you need on this phone.
Bought this phone a month ago from Amazon. It is a good starter smart phone, functions parallel to the apple phone and other competitors in the market. The upside is the affordable price. The lowside is the not to bright screen but acceptable.I opted for the no contract, prepaid TMobile service. The network service is so far is acceptable. Warning though, to users of TMobile refill cards let the store where you bought the card do the refill job, do not do it at home via online or yourself. You will have error messages like the card no. is not acceptable, problem with the card etcDo not buy your refill cards in small stores like the TMobile branch in Queens Mall, Queens, New York if you live in New York City. If there is a problem with the card they could not fix it. Buy your refill cards in big, authorized TMobile outlets.5x Samsung Exhibit 2 II 4G SGH-T679 Premium Clear LCD Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield Protective Film Kit (5 Pieces)
Good phone use it allot good signal and good quality very advanced and a good price for this item very good
I switched over from my blackberry which has a broken track pad, and this item is great for the price. It is fast and works without an issue, and for the lower price it does not disappoint. I have no other experience with an android phone, but I don't regret switching from blackberry to this phone in the slightest. If you want to spend less and still get a good product, I highly recommend this phone.
I have this phone for 6 months and I am very satisfied with it.I recently receive an update from T-mobile and the battery life improved and does not lagsas much as it used to.Major issues that I had was that I couldn't sent a very long message but I changed a setting andthe problem was solved:settings -> Wireless and network -> Mobile networks -> Network mode -> GSM onlyI like the google maps and GPS and after the update, it works much faster than it used toand I can locate stores wherever I am and use the navigator to go there!!The keyboard screen size is a little bit small but you can fix the keyboard with larger letterwhich helps a little bit but I would have preferred to be a little bit more widerI am receiving and sending emails from my gmail,hotmail accounts and I really love this apps!I can tune my guitar with gstrings :)I bought an 8GB card microSD and I store my class lectures voice recordings and my photos and mp3'sI used pandora to hear music while I was biking and the battery life seems reasonably to me.I am playing angry bird without any issues.The 4G speeds depends on the signal strength some times are awesome and some times are really slow.The wifi thought works excellent and I see my youtube videos without any issues.The weight and size are very practical on carrying it and I can put it on my jean pocket with my keysand doesn't fill like a big phoneOverall I will put 5 stars because for what you pay see what you get and the iphone is an 800$ phoneand much heavier and really fills like a computer this one fills like a phone.
The phone is really good for the price point. However there are three things that are annoying with the phone that other people do not comment on. One is that the text messaging does not work that comes with the phone and you have to download a separate app to make it work properly. The other annoyance is that the phone freezes and resets once in a while. I've read that you can root the phone and after uninstalling the T-Mobile apps the second problem will go away. Lastly 512mb isnt that much memory and unless you know how to clean the memory it may run slow.That said the phone is really great. It is small. I've clocked downloads on T-Mobile as fast as 6-8 megabits per second (depends on where you live). Very customizable and functional. Knowing what I do know now, I would still get the phone as it does get the job done once you download the right apps.I'm sure other apps can solve the problems. These are the ones that I use: go sms pro, Advanced task killer and start up cleaner.
I just want to replace my basic cell phone, but I don't want to be hooked up to monthly plans, the most important things I needed are just voice and wi-fi functions. This phone has both so I bought it. Not so good: the camera is so-so, pictures are not so good and not very easy to use, and the battery life is not very impressive - I need to recharge every night. But given at $200 you probably can't ask for more.
*** UPDATE ***T-Mobile updated the firmware on this phone to Android 2.3.6. The difference is huge! My review below reflects on my experience using Android 2.3.5. Most of the issues have been resolved. While the phone still lacks memory, it manages it much better now. Instead of running out of memory and crashing all the time, the phone will now close unused applications before that happens. It also feels much snappier overall. For some reason though, the phone had somewhat better reception using the old firmware, taking off a star.*** END UPDATE ***The Samsung Exhibit II 4G could be a real game changer for prepaid phones. Unlike almost every prepaid phone out there, it has a high resolution 480x800 screen, runs Android 2.3.5 and has a fast 1GHz processor. Alas, Samsung did not want this phone to become a viable alternative to its far more expensive Galaxy S line and equipped this phone with not enough memory to truly give you all the benefits of a smart phone.First off, there are many things to like. The screen is bright with vibrant colors and crisp text thanks to its higher resolution. The included 3MP camera makes great pictures, comparable to regular 3MP cameras back when they were popular. I especially like that the phone does not compress the pictures too much like many other phones, leaving the pictures largely free of visible artifacts. I had a 5MP Nokia with Zeiss optics, but the pictures on this 3MP phone look WAY better. The reception is also excellent, even in difficult locations, such as on the Staten Island Ferry. This phone does not lose signal for the duration of the trip, unlike some other phones. Don't expect good data connection though when the signal is poor. Finally, you can use this phone with any T-Mobile sim card. T-Mobile offers discounted plans if you don't require a subsidized phone. This prepaid version costs much less than MSRP but will still work with your existing T-Mobile sim card.Sadly, the phone also has some major drawbacks, the biggest one being a lack of RAM. The phone advertises 512MB of RAM, but only 356MB are accessible. Preloaded and system apps take up the bulk of available memory, leaving you with about 100MB of available RAM, give or take, at any given time. If you like apps, that's not enough. Many apps, including the most popular ones like words with friends, install services that run in the background. They can use easily 6-40MB each. Download 4 Zynga games and you are out of RAM. Once the phone runs out of RAM, it slows down and crashes. Forget multi-tasking. The app widget which lets you close applications and free RAM will become your best friend.You could root this phone and remove some useless T-Mobile apps to free up some RAM but that would void your warranty and probably not help a whole lot. If the phone had 1GB of RAM, it would have been perfect.Overall, this can be a great phone if you want a smart phone but do not plan on installing many apps. If you want a phone that can truly take advantage of a high resolution screen and a snappy processor, this one is not it.
I am enjoying my phone (the samsung exibit II 4G) so much that when I told my daughter about it she wanted one too so, this one is for her. Hope she enjoys hers as much as I do mine.
I got this phone to use on the straight talk network and it works well. You do have to get a sim card from straight talk to use it on the network and they cost about $15 dollars. I will have to say that they do come with a lot of apps and I have downloaded some also so the battery life is not as long as I would wish but I just recharge it and all is fine. I highly recommend this phone. On the straight talk network the cost is $45 a month with unlimited talk, text, and internet I am over the moon. I even downloaded words with friends so I am always hooked up. For the money a great phone.
Great phone for the price!!! No contracts makes it even better.... does not feel like a cheap pre paid phone!
Excellent phone for the price I paid. I was able to transfer the data from my old phone. Works great.
i bought this phone for my wife an he has loved it ever since an does everything he wanted to do i will buy from him again
Very nice, all apps need to do anything, web, games, every thing we needed in a cell and more. fast, slim, would recommend this to all that need a cell phone. A+++++
Ran across this item and could not beat the price, the touchscreen is a bit touchy & do not like where the volume button is as you will hit it all the time without even trying to. but overall, works great. The item was as described & super fast shipping, I highly recommend this seller. Thanks.
this is my first touch screen. im getting the used to it. im really enjoying this. the only the screen is very sensitive.
Very good, affordable and smart phone, bought it for my wife based on my experience with Samsung Sidekick 4G and her disinterest in a physical keyboard. Her phone just works so well and has a bright screen and good battery life, 'tho she does not place as much demands (gps, Bluetooth, etc as I do). She primarily uses it as an e-reader for books. The android phone and our android tablet sync as she switched from one to another to read. She also emails and texts and phones. We both use T-mobile pre-paid and mostly our home wi-fi to keep cost of data down. she has used about $100 in 10 months of ownership, I use about $100 in 3 months by buying 1 days worth of data as I need to travel to non-wi-fi areas or anticipate more than 20 minutes in a day of phone calls.
This phone came earlier than expected and it worked just fine. Like most smart phones, the battery life was bad but for the most part it lasted throughout the day with mild usage. Although the screen cracked upon being dropped, it still worked just fine! Great phone for an even better price. The only problem I had was the phone tends to have a slow performance when the memory starts being used more frequently.
For 4G, it's pretty good. It's a budget smartphone and has a few issues here and there, but it's better than the Optimus T, lol. Definitely a good buy for 200 or so dollars, and a bargain in comparison to the other phones of its kind.
First of all, I owned iphones since the first generation using att...somehow I can't justify paying $145 per month and chained to 2yr contracts anymore so I decided to do some research. So far, I find Tmobile to be of decent quality as far as cellular coverage it's not Verizon, Att or Sprint but hey they have the best prepaid plans so far if your looking to budget.The reason I chose this phone was that it gave me all the apps I had on the iphone and more (although on an android platform), it's 4G and you can't beat $30 a month unlimited text, 4g up to 5g web and 100 minutes, (5g is more than enough), and NO contract, the phone is lightweight somewhat of a cheaper quality than the iphone, but then again it's not an iphone but functions just as well...the battery does drain a bit faster but you can get the juice defender to save on battery...don't like the bloatware but I saw in other reviews you can root to remove unwanted apps which is nice if the instructions are followed correctly without bricking the phone...I'm a huge web browser and find this much faster (4g) than my latest iphone 4g...maybe someday I'll return to my beloved iphone but only when prices come down and att stops throttling the data usage.Overall, this phone works great and I'm pleased...no buyers remorse here :) and no complaints with the service Tmobile offers so farPS: Gotta love Amazon, free 2 day shipping and no tax..set up was easy online or you can also call Tmobile
Best Prepaid phone till based on the time I bought the phone. spent only 180 bucks and i see almost same performance like what i see in my sensation 4g. Sensation got higher processor and ram but they got a heavy interface that takes off the benefit. So if you are into a simple interface then this is the best one for you.
Let me begin by stating that I am very pleased, overall. This phone is quite the money-saver, really. Its $200 price-tag really sets the bar for phone companies to deliver quality goods at affordable and reasonable prices. The $30/month plan goes perfectly with this phone and I am looking forward to paying for it. 2-day prime shipping was AWESOME! Immediately after opening the box, I set up my Google account and played around with the phone for a while. It was easy to set up and is easily managed and user-friendly.A few things that I noticed that might be a small annoyance are as follows: slightly unresponsive lock screen, no haptic feedback when typing (however, the camera feature has a haptic feature), pre-installed and unremovable apps/games, lack of ambient light sensor function, poor Wifi connection, and a few other small things.However, many of the features are highly commendable, such as the easy set-up, great screen, lightweight physique, pre-installed apps for video chat and wifi calling, etc.For the $200, this phone is DEFINITELY worth it, especially for those seeking to avoid a 2-year contract. This phone is not only great for the price, but actually great.P.S. - I suggest getting some screen protectors and an SD card. The phone has a few gigs of built-in memory, but an SD card will definitely come in handy, such as the 16GB microSD found here on Amazon.
I really wanted the Samsung Galaxy II, but was unwilling to pay the $600.00 everyone was asking for. So I settled on the Samsung Eclipse. I really like it. It surprised me. Its light and sturdy. Best smart phone for the price.
4G is very fast & video is HD quality. The auto-rotate while texting is slow to respond,though. Still- a good buy from Amazon.
The Samsung Exhibit II 4G phone I purchased from Amazon is great. I've had it for just over a month. It's my first smartphone and my first Android OS, but I'm liking almost everything about it. Great call quality and connectivity (important to me!), fast, good battery life, fairly intuitive to use (with modest learning curve). Can do free video calls using Skype when I'm in a wi-fi hotspot, and the call/video quality is good. The camera doesn't take great pics, but it's not an important feature for me. I had to download a couple of apps (keyboard and messaging) to overcome a couple of minor defects in the OS, but it was painless and free. I would recommend this phone to new smartphone users. But don't expect it to do everything! It's under $200! :-)
I got this phone and was really pleased with the overall fit, finish, and feel. It was sleek and not overly flashy. The screen was bright and crystal clear. I did alot of research on T-mobile and coverage areas. On the map, I was covered, and 100% covered by 4G, so I was excited to try it out. I got the phone overnighted from amazon and got it all set up and nothing... No signal and the phone stayed in "Edge" data, but couldn't even get on the internet. I could make calls, but not recieve them. I called T-mobile and they said everything was fine, and made a test call, which came through. That was the only call that ever made it through... EVER! So, sadly, the phone went back, and I stayed with Sprint.
I just got the delivery of this phone yesterday, and it took me about 12 mins to set it going.... and yeah, it fully qualifies for the $30 (100 mins + unlimited text and data with 4G speeds for 5GB)... at least it worked for me! I just followed the instructions mentioned in the starter kit and chose this plan on the site. And yes, I bought the phone from Amazon.I have used iPhone 3G in the past, and this one definitely outsmarts the iPhone 3G for sure. I haven't checked out on iPhone4 as yet. But who needs an iPhone4 when most of the features come at one forth of the cost. And, without any contract!The phone is pretty zippy even with a 1Ghz single core processor... definitely not as zippy as Galaxy S2 Skyrocket which runs on a dual-core 1.5 Ghz. Having said that, I am only comparing. The phone is quite fast really!Gingerbread 2.3.5 is simply amazing! There are virtually unlimited Apps available. Samsung TouchWiz UI is very good and intuitive. I love the swipe left/right for message/call feature. Very basic, but so useful!As mentioned by other reviewers, there is quite some bloatware pre-installed on the phone, that one cannot remove (as of now). But, it is definitely not a factor to reject the phone. Some people might just find these useful as well.I haven't connected the phone to my PC as yet and shall update a line or two on the same in some days.I have ordered 32 Gigs of micro sd and will let know how it goes. Per some other reviews, it worked out well.I had charged the battery to full last afternoon and have been doing quite a lot of wi-fi, downloads et all, and yet it has about 28% left. This is where the Exhibit II beats the Skyrocket hands down. The Skyrocket is a battery-drainer, of course due to its larger screen and bigger processor.I am glad that I bought this phone over Galaxy S2, and I would definitely recommend it to someone who does not need a super computer on-the-go and wants to have a decent smartphone with no contract.More updates soon!Update 1 (01/28): Exactly a month's usage, and I am more than happy to have bought this phone. It doubles up as a very decent music player with 32 gigs memory. I would suggest downloading PowerAMP and good in-ear head-phones (J5 JBuds from JLabs is what I use.. they 're neat).On the down side, at times the phone is a bit sluggish when unlocking the phone with pass code. Not that bad since its not that frequent. Also, I don't really use Kies Air to manage and transfer music. I find it ok to use, but am more comfortable just dragging and dropping music folders onto the phone.I have installed quite a number of Apps and all of them have worked excellently on the phone.The voice quality is good, the 4G coverage is very good, at the least in my neighborhood and my work place. Since I have the $30 unlimited data package with first 5GB at 4G, I never really use wi-fi. I guess it improves the battery performance further. I have disabled the 'Background Data' in accounts and sync under settings. I check my emails manually when needed.All in all, I am quite happy with my purchase so far, and I expect it to service me for about 18 months to 2 years at the least.
After using this phone for a week, I'm favorably impressed. I wanted a small form factor to slip into my pocket. I wanted a removable battery. I wanted to be able to add extra storage. And I wanted to own a smart phone outright without a 2-year contract. I was able to cut our monthly cell phone bill in half for our 2-phone family. This phone has it all! I had been an apple ios5 user, and I'm still keeping my ipad, but I have to admit that this Android OS (gingerbread) is very good. My wife's iphone 4 almost seems old, heavy and clunky next to this. Yes, the phone is plastic and probably won't withstand a hard drop, but neither did the iphone. The rounded corners make it easy to slip into pockets, and if you are worried about it slipping out, buy a silicone cover. I had been a t-mobile user, but I whole-heartedly concur with other reviewers.... t-mo customer service reeks! It's inconsistent, and it took me several phone calls and several days before everything got changed over to the new phones.
I wanted to get the $30 Prepaid Plan (100min+unlimitied text&web)but the sim card that I got didnt include that sim card...But the other stuffs are quite good.^^ ....''with a lot of bloatware...really i had that feeling others had....so i rooted my phone safely :) Now I have more capable memories and with no sd card....I ordered the 16GB card :)...I wish there was a sd card...Anyway!! I love my phone~
Have kept the phone for one and half month. It is so much fun to play with the phone and so many things it can do. Forget about annoying itune. Everything is easy like breeze on this phone.
This sleek little bugger was a snap to activate--all I did was pop in my current SIM card I was using with an unlocked Moto Q, power this baby up and in 2 minutes was sending and receiving calls and texts. (yeah I did charge it to 100% first.) I registered this thing at Samsung's web site and was shocked to see it only left the factory line 9 days before it was shipped! These arent some warehouse clearance specials, they are brand-new.I tested the 4G where it was available, and it was darn close to 2MBps, faster than my home DSL. I upped my TMobile plan and am looking forward to trying the wireless hotspot. There was no advertising or announcement that TMobile was rolling out 4G here in Central Florida. It works a lot of the main areas, not out in the boonies where I live...Great phone, Android Gingerbread waaaaay faster than Froyo...camera takes great pics, the built-in media player is nice w headphones. Could have come with a better ringtone and wallpaper assortment. The Google Maps GPS gets me in my yard to about a foot of real-life. Sweet.The included data cable didn't allow it to self-install drivers in Windows 7 64-bit, so I downloaded the Samsung New PC Studio (yeah that's what they call it) and then was able to browse the phone and add stuff to my SD card. I got a 32GB one somewhere at 32 bucks...so now I got me a touch-screen Gingerbread MP3 player..that has a 4G phone built in!! for like 170 bucks less than the 32BG IPod. Can't beat that with a stick.One Week UPDATE....okay, it's been a week...the battery last pretty well if u keep a shortcut to Task Manager on the 1 home screen and shut stuff down when you're done. The 4G speed is incredible when you have a good 4G signal (6MBps download at speedtest.net). The hotspot is a cinch to set up...I helped friends on Boost with the Galaxy Prevail..while that's a bang for the buck (was on sale at B.B. for 75...they look at mine and say I WANT DAT..
First of all, for the $, this is an awesome phone. I have tried many and almost went with the Virgin Mobile plan on the Triumph phone. I really in my gut liked this phone better so my son now has that one. Also, but I am using GrooveIP (Voice over internet calls for free costs $4.99) with the close people I talk on the phone to, so this works great and the 100 minutes won't be a problem for me as I am really a texter for the most part. I love the phones size, it's not to big, and the sound is awesome. I only hate that the power button is on the right side. Here is the deal with the $30 a month plan, it has to be a new sign-up. Not sure if you can port your number, but I bought my phone from amazon and am on this plan, no problems!
just purchased the smartphone, have had no issues so far, even though the phone is not top of the line it's still an excellent choice for any person on a budget who does not want to get stuck with a monthly bill, has almost all the functions of a high end smartphone.
This is a great compact basic starter smartphone. I use it for my ministry phone. It does everything I need and is easy to use.
Since my mother's phone went missing, I decided to purchase this one through Amazon. The phone is identical to the one I purchased at the Tmobile store (for myself) except for the battery. In my honest opinion, it looked like a cheap battery but it hasn't given mom an issue so that's not a problem!This phone features the main things a phone should have: easily managed apps, and quick access to email, texting, and contacts. Charges quick too. My phone (purchased at a Tmobile store) has been lasting me so far for 2 years. Lets hope this one does too!-K
After trying a couple of mobile phones, I decided to go with the Samsung Exhibit 4G. I love it. It arrived in good time was easy to set up. unlike the other two I tried.
Indestructible phone (knock on wood)! I've been using this phone for over two years now and love it. I would recommend this phone to any smart-phone/Android novice
This was a fairly priced good phone that worked as advertised. It was a good starter android phone. The screen is small, but it worked well for the price
My teenage daughter had just received this phone for her birthday in march and recently lost it. This is exact phone. good I originally purchased Good phone does everything a smartphone should .
Love this phone! Easy to use and all apps I have loaded have worked flawlessly! This phone was a hell of a value when you compare its features and benefits as compared to other more expensive models! You needn't look further than this phone!
This is a very cool phone, best prepaid phone around IMHO. Screen is very sharp and clear. The phone performs well, most of the time, I have had a few times where it slowed a bit but there are some apps you can install to help with that. Battery life isn't great but its at least as good as most of the other smart phones I have owned. So its what I expected. Over all very satisfied with this phone.
I dont think there is a phone on the market with this price and specs! The phone is lightweight, android interface is fast and smooth, camera picture quality is good and voice quality for calls is pretty decent. Apart from the gizillon android apps, I tested skype with the front-facing camera and it does the job pretty good! I am very happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend it!
I am a loyal t-mobile customer. I was one year into my unbelievably inexpensive renewed contract when my phone died. Let me go back and say that the reason my monthly contract is so cheap is because I opted to pay full price for phones to roll the savings into my bill. Anyway, instead of looking to buy a cheap used replacement phone, I looked at prepaid options. Amazon had the cheapest deals. I ordered the Samsung Exhibit II. When it arrived, I stuck my sim card in (instead of the prepaid sim), turned it on and started using it immediately. I was blown away by all the features. Wi-Fi calling is the best. I had mediocre signal strength with my previous phone, but when using my home internet I never drop calls. Using the Wi-Fi at home also saves on data, even though I have unlimited data. My only complaint is the amount of bloatware that came installed on the phone. It takes up a substantial amount of space. What I did was purchase a 32gb micro sd card and saved all of my downloads to the card. I also purchased a tpu gel skin case for the phone through Amazon. It offers excellent protection without bulk. Another feature I enjoy is the front facing camera. I skype with family using the camera and my home internet for free! Overall, this is a fantastic phone. I've owned it for a month and it has worked flawlessly.
As a recent college graduate my landscape has been saving money. I got this phone in order to get the unlimited text talk and web plan from tmobile. The phone itself is just as good as any other phone on the market and about half the cost. In addition the phone is wifi enabled which allows it to use a wifi connection to extend its network. I live in a very thick apartment complex and couldn't get service with my old verizon phone, but this one gets perfect signal. The only downfall of this phone is that it's not the absolute top quality like some of the other phones when it comes to the processor and video quality. If that's not your number one priority then you'll be very happy with this phone.
I bought two of these for my daughters. I bought the newer version of this at t-mobile. I like theirs better and they were half the cost. The new one with the new OS is SLOW!
Good for many services n apps...did not have any problem downloading apps n programs. The price was also great. Enjoyed it.
The phone works great, came in box and wrapped up like new. For some reason, though, there were a few personal pictures in the phone's Gallery. Nothing obscene or anything, but finding selfies in your 'new' phone is a little strange.Either way, deleted them and moved on. Couldn't be happier with the phone, and the delivery was prompt.
This phone was purchased for a relative as a gift. I have not received any complaints and the user seems to enjoy this item for text messages and internet connectivity. The apps respond rapidly and have not crashed even when the user is multi-tasking. The display is clear and seems durable since the phone has been dropped on several occasions and the touchscreen is still responsive. The image quality for both cameras is impressive and the audio quality for calls is sufficient for a loud environment. Calls have not been dropped even in poor weather conditions and the battery life is decent for a typical teenager with an active social life. Music plays with Bluetooth connectivity in my SUV and I have not detected any connectivity loss. the GPS is functional and has actually assisted with long family trips so I was impressed with this purchase. I highly recommend this product for social media and photography.
Good phone
I hate huge ass phones this is a reasonable sized smart phone.
very good.
nice
The phone was in good condition and worked well. Easily functioned and just your typical android phone. Good for my younger brothers first smart phone for high school back when we purchased the phone.
Great android phone, for a great price. Enough for my chats, videos, social networks and gps. Enough internal memory, better than most of the phones of it's price and even from higher prices. I had to replace the battery a month ago, and it works as good as new
I really like my phone. It's just the right size and weight. No complaints at all. It also takes good pictures which was a very important feature I was wanting in a phone. Thank you!!!
I purchased this in an effort to break free of AT&T's ridiculous prices for their mobile plans. I am now contract free with T-Mobile, have the exact same service plan unlimited everything, at a savings of $70 per month. Also I own the phone outright!
This phone is wonderful.I bought it for my folks, as you know old people tend to be against technology, but they wanted to do video conferences.My parents love it, and for that price is a steal.I recommend this to everybodyThe only thing that i do not like very much is the size, I bought them stylus.
I had a problem with this phone and had to visit a T-mobile center only to find out that because I ordered it on line I had to send it to manufacturer at my own expense, for repairs and put down a deposit to get a loaner flip phone not one comparable to my phone. Still waiting to here when my phone will be returned to me they said 7 to 14 days. The good thing is it was still under warranty since I only bought it in April 2013. I never dropped it or got it wet so I don't understand why it broke so soon. Stay tuned for updates on the quality of the repair and how long it took me to get it back.
So far it has been working great I bought it just a while ago. Has two problems. First problem is that when I want to reply to a message, where it says "Tap here to enter message" I have to click it several times before the keyboard pops up so I can write. Second, the battery runs out pretty quickly, I do have my Wi-Fi on all the time and use whatsup app but that's it. I have to recharge the battery every night. I do not know if that is normal for phones to do that since this is my first smartphone. I may buy one of those rechargeable batteries that are sold on Amazon to replace this one. Anyway overall, the phone is pretty nice and not bad for the price.
I have been using this phone for over 9 mos. now and I love it. This phone is a great first Android phone. It can easily be modified to your liking. Fantastic phone!
I bought 3 of these and they are great phones. I used one prepaid T-Mobile card on each one as they were purchased, then I unlocked it and signed up with PureTalkUSA. Unlocking was completely painless (which is the main reason I bought a 3rd one). Now I have unlimited talk and text plus a second account for a total outgo of about $40 a month. I really like the Android operating system and the phone is tough and attractive. It's a bit small if you don't have good eyesight and at times my big hands miss the icon I'm aiming at.All I have installed is the Amazon Store app and Amazon mp3 player, Opera Mobile browser, NQ Mobile security and an improved file manager. I installed SanDisk 32GB SD cards in both phones; just pop them in and boot.The only real downside is the bloatware. Sometimes I fill the memory and most of it is bloatware. Clicking the NQ Optimizer button clears enough memory to continue using the phone, but shutting down the bloatware does no good; these useless apps just start back up. If this problem was just a little less severe I would just live with it, but it looks like I will have to root all three of these phones. The bloatware just doesn't leave enough memory for the average users needed apps.Update: I have now unlocked and rooted this phone; both operations are simplistic if approached correctly. Unlocking is a snap and rooting only has one pitfall. Don't try to root with the one click applications; I tried that way and after several attempts overseen by the software authors (and installing a lot of java ME libraries on my laptop) we all gave up. The easy way can be found documented on theunlockr dot com site. The biggest gotcha is that clockwork mod must be installed *first* (cwm.6012.t679.zip). If you do that and then install root (root-stock.zip) you are rooted. NOTE: reboot as soon as you are rooted and then run a root checking program (there is a good one available here on Amazon (Root Analyzer). For about $7 you can then purchase Root Explorer and upgrade Superuser to Superuser Elite and download Root App Delete on Google Play. Root App Delete is a great application for uninstalling bloatware; the apps are listed as Unknowns (user installed or bundled popular apps) which can be safely uninstalled; operating system apps and kernel modules are listed as such (leave them alone, NOTOUCH etc.). I also run RAM Control Extreme; note that this app needs to be configured not to kill things while you are using them, but when configured properly it will clean things up in the background without even bothering you (I configured it to run every 30 min.). I suppose these modifications carry some risk, but nothing bad has happened to me and I see lots of similar testimonials out there.With about 2 hours work I was rooted and another hour of uninstalling and my memory stays about 49% used if controlled by a good Android Ram Manager (was as much as 90+ percent used before and most of it bloatware). The phone boots faster and runs faster and the changes are transparent. I lost no functionality. Better yet I can now use apps which require root access.With a little work and a little additional expense I now have a phone that cost about $200 that is (at least) equal to the $600 "Unlocked International version"). With a pocketful of sims I can use this phone anywhere in the world. This phone is a great buy compared to the price of competitors. Recommended.Update: I have flashed my personal T679 with Cyanogenmod and like this phone even better. I overclocked it to 1024 MHz (stock is a little under 300) and after about a week I hit the right combination of hot temperature and working the phone to cause it to hang once. I dropped it back to 806 MHz and after 3 weeks still no problems and I work this phone as hard as some people work their tablets. The obvious tradeoff is that the battery drains faster with it overclocked. For me that isn't a problem; I have chargers everywhere (desk, pickup, bed stand, etc.) and I work it most of the time plugged in. I am a little rough on my phones no doubt in the same sense a racer is rough on his wheels but that's what I bought it for.Cyanogenmod also has much better memory control built in. It is just about perfect for me now; liking it better all the time. Glad I bought these phones. Recommended.
Have had this for 7 months. Works as described. Compared to S3 it's very slow, but then for the price paid shouldn't expect too much.
Bought the card at the T-Mobile store, the clerk installed the sim card and turned on the phone, no problem.Capacity for apps and games is great. There is a 5GB limit. The phone has never locked or stalled on me. Both front and rear camera work great. Could use more flash light while filming video, but overall a very reliable and easy phone to use.
The phone is not unlocked.. It's locked to T-mobile. It's been a month I have been using it.. It's a mini version of S2, it's obvious that there would be less features than S2 but the look and feel is the same. 3 MP camera may not be sufficient all the times if you are used to 8 MP or so.. it has autofocus which is good. It's T-mobile branded so it has logo on the body of the phone and start up screen along with T-mobile built apps.
Drains battery faster on Wifi than anticipated! To conserve battery, if not in use, you need to turn off wifi option. Nice display, speaker, and speed!!
The Samsung Exhibit II 4G is a great phone. The Amazon price for this phone was 100.00 cheaper than the T-mobile price. I researched this phone and this phone has met my expectations and more. I previously had a Blackberry 9700.The TeleNav GPS app that had a monthly fee is a free app on this phone. Also, includes the Google navigation and maps. So 2 Navigation apps for free.The Voice Search works as well as the Iphone voice search app. The phone is easy to use and set-up. If you dont turn off the apps running in the background the battery will die in 5hrs. So, turn off the background apps, backout of the apps no longer in use. My battery last at least 12 hrs-14hrs.The only negative is , the screen washes out in the bright sun. For the money, and 30-50 dollars a month( depending on the plan us choose) you can't get a better phone. It is a great phone. i just set up Kies air which I can view on my PC everything on my phone, pictures, messages, videos etc. Supports Adobe Flash player which my Blackberry 9700 did not. I could on. A great phone.
Hello all!I am anxiously awaiting my phone's arrival (tomorrow)! I had a couple quick questions right now that you guys could probably answer. I want to use the prepaid $30 plan that walmart offers but you can't get through the t-mobile store...so buying this phone on amazon...do I still need to buy a sim card activation kit or will it come with a new sim card I can use to get the $30 plan? Some people have been saying that you need to buy the phone from walmart to take advantage of the plan - but others say you need to buy an activation kit. I was wondering if ordering a new one on amazon will be sufficient without the kit. Also, on a 100 minute plan, I am worried I may go over, but I was thinking - Skype doesn't use minutes, I can just use the data for that, correct? Sorry if these questions have already been answered - I just want to buy the activation kit online now so I can be ready for tomorrow if I need to buy it. Don't want to have to wait for it to ship here though. Thanks everyone!
This is my first smart phone. It has a lot of functions and I haven't accessed them all yet. Three things I want to mention: first, as many know and are unhappy about, the daily battery life is not very long. I followed others advice and turned off most of the loaded applications and selected the battery saving selections found under Settings. Still, you'll be recharging the phone every day, since I don't even use it every day or have it on all day at a time.Second, as opposed to my Samsung not-smart phone which turned on right away, the Exhibit you have to press the power button 3-4 seconds before it lights up, awkward and annoying. Then it is a almost 30 seconds before it is booted up.Thirdly,and Most Important, right from the beginning every few days or so when I turned on the phone I would get a black field on the screen with the white-lettered phrase "RAM dump mode Cause: Forced download", at which point I could do nothing with the phone, not even turn it off. I would have to open it up and pull the battery, like a forced powerdown on a computer. After reinserting I could boot up again. No one seemed to know what this was about, so I called Samsung. The customer rep talked me into the settings selections to find some codes. One of them, the "kernel version" she identified as not the code for the version with which Samsung programs the phone. The phone had arrived in a brand-new T-Mobile Samsung box and packaging, but somehow it seems the phone had been unofficially "modified". The customer rep didn't know how this would have occurred. Samsung e-mailed me a UPS prepaid return label and had me send it back to their service center in Texas for "re-flashing". Samsung sent me an e-mail on January 27 notifying that they had received the phone and then sent another one on February 2 notifying that they had shipped it back to me. As I am writing this and wondering when the phone will be delivered and thinking perhaps I should hold off on this review until I've tried the phone again,I thought to check the tracking code Samsung sent me. I just cheked the UPS tracking and it said the delivery was today, 2 hours ago, "left at front door". I went to check and there it was! I have booted it up. So far so good... we'll see if the gremlin is actually gone. I can say that Samsung customer service is excellent.
Lost my old T-Mobile phone and got this one instead. I love it, light, reliable, great features. Similar phones at T-Mobile store were double and even triple the price.
This phone is great, the screen is big enough and looks really good. The phone feels good in hands, and Android is obviously amazing! I greatly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new phone.
Ordered this phone for my 17 year old son. He was previously on a Verizon plan; basic phone with 450 min (he would use between 1 to 5 min per month, what a waste - it was all texting) & unlimited text. I was paying 62.00 per month with my 22% discount from work for 2 years. Once I was off contract I cancelled Verizon and the search was on. He wanted a smart phone, but I did not want to be tied to a 2 year contract paying over 100.00 a month. This phone is great and the plan is outstanding for someone who does not use alot of minutes, texts all the time and wants all the features of a smart phone.
I have been a Tmobile prepaid customer for about six years now. I use fifty to a hundred dollars worth of time a year. Service was good until I put a tin roof on my house and it blocked the signal. I knew Tmobile let you access their network through a home wireless so I went looking for a new GSM phone with WiFi capabilities. The ones I liked were way expensive without a contract but I got serious when my old RAZR started giving me trouble around Christmas.I found this one on Amazon and started looking at the specs and reading the reviews. I needed a phone with WiFi for the house. I wanted one that would play my music. I wanted one that I could use my existing prepaid simm without buying a data plan. Not as simple as it sounds but this phone performs the functions quite well. In addition I installed SKYPE and it works perfectly in the house. I use a SKYPE out subscription for my long distance calls (I am on prepaid remember and even though the phone connects through my WiFi it uses minutes) and all the long distance calls for a year are $30.The battery could last longer but it is acceptable if I charge it every night. As others have stated the bloatware is horrific and I will fix this as soon as I root the phone in the next few days. This should also help with the battery life.The sad thing is I went to my local world wide everything for everybody department store looking for accessories. A silicone skin, some screen protectors and so on. Not a thing and they sell this phone. They did have two isles of iphone accessories but then they don't sell iphones at that particular store.I am just getting started. I will check back if any thing really good or surprising happens. OH and anything bad.ONE MONTH AFTER PURCHASEI rooted the phone and cleaned up the bloatware. Put in a 16Mb Micro SD and lots of music. I am on a road trip and use the SKYPE for calls anywhere I stop with WiFi. Loaded some useful free apps and a few paid ones. For the most part I mostly use it to make and receive calls but the music is nice when no acceptable radio stations are in my area.
One of the best and inexpensive phones out there.Samsung products are great and support is also top notch. Very satisfied.
Buying a new phone is a hassle. Especially when you are just arrived in a new country and you don't know anything about the networks etc. After a good deal of reading, I settled on this Samsung Exhibit II on T-mobile. The phone specs looked very respectable for the price point. I wanted PAYG so I wasn't tied into a contract that would last longer then my stay in the US.When the phone arrived, it was very easy to set up. The instructions are very clear. I had it registered and activated on the network even before the battery finished charging. Within a day I had received an over the air update of the Android operating system to Gingerbread. It would be nice to get Ice Cream Sandwich or Jellybean on this handset, but for the price point that is probably wishful thinking.Still it is a good phone. 4G speeds are very good. T-mobile did stick a lot of bloatware on it, that can only be removed by rooting which is a shame, but an easy process if you want to do it.
It's a great pay as you go phone, with decent connect, great price and as a college student not crazy contract I have to worry about if I'm late a payment.
I purchased this cell for my sister as a birthday gift and she loved it! it was easy to set up and she hasn't had a single issue with it yet. She loves how fast it is for all her online browsing and social media updating. A great buy for sure!
My son has wanted an android phone for awhile (age 17..almost 18). We have T-Mobile as our phone service, he is on the plan, but 'out of contract'. I did not want to "upgrade" his phone, putting us into another 2 year contract (he would be 20 yrs old at that contract expiration)! Also other phones on our family acc't. will be w/out contract soon. In this economy, have to keep options open! ANWAY...I priced used droid phones at stores & cellular refurb.places. Why did I not just come here first?!!!! DUH! This was a brand new, in the original packaging, with the accessories and the price was better than some of the "refurb" phones. It was a pre-paid, pay as you go phone, but I called T-mobile & asked if it would work with his current "regular" SIM card & they said yes. I said hallelujah!!! Was his MAJOR Christmas gift and he is beyond thrilled. No data plan needed as long as he's in wi-fi zone, touch screen is easier than most with navigation, great 4Gspeeds, camera on front, speakers/sound...incredible. The price was incredible to me! I've yet to purchase a 'droid phone', but this one is not super intimidating, but is VERY current. May change my mind! Son & his friends say it is "major awesome". Great phone, great deal....MAJOR AWESOME!
I will never use another brand of phone if Samsung continues to build phones like this. After having the phone a couple of months, and having no issues, I had the unfourtinate event of this phone falling out of my pocket and into some slush. To top it all of, the phone was run over by a car before I had a chance to recover it. After I picked it up, to my surprise, the phone still worked, including the touch screen even though the screen was shattered.I kept using the phone, broken screen and all, for the next couple weeks while I ordered another screen. While replacing the screen, I saw inside that everything was in perfect shape and no water dammage from the slush and no issues with the LCD. To say the least I was very impressed.
I was looking for a non contract cell.... i have bought 5 on this last year.. ...they broke or non function properly..I was told is because i am in prepaid....So i buy this just to get by until i sign a contract.This cell is so good ... have more apps that I know how to use... i am very happy, good pictures, good sound, I still in prepaid..fast web, I recommend it.good purchase
Postscript 12/16/2013: I've now dedicated this handset to car use - both in terms of OBDII monitoring and motion video recording. Additionally, when not in monitoring use, for vehicle location, something Android/Google lets you do. Completely brilliant, it's sat in the frozen SUV, well shielded, without freezing or dying, reporting its location back to Google. This is, admittedly, a specialized non-phone application, but considering the capabilities and the price it is very well suited for that. Love it. I mean, you don't want to take a $500 phone and use it for tinkering, if you're not independently wealthy, but this, I can manage, the ancillary mobile charge is only $10/month.Postscript 9/26/2013: This device/version of Android works brilliantly with the Paypal Here device and application - I understand not all Galaxy's do. The only caveat is that you need to set up the Paypal app with a mobile #/PIN login - a regular login crashes the app. The new version of the Android Device Manager, accessible at the Google site, which can locate, lock or wipe the phone remotely, works with this handset too. GPS works fine, so does Bluetooth, WiFi calling (UMA) works, and I am impressed with the battery life - my Blackberry Torch 9810 doesn't last a full day on 4G, the Exhibit 4G does. All in al, the T679 provides a very stable, manageable, and capable little handset, for relatively little money.Original review 9/21/2013: What with 672 reviews of this unit, you probably don't really need mine, so let me just add why I purchased it, and what I found. I- wanted to get a sufficiently advanced Android device so I could try Paypal's "Here" credit card device;- wanted to learn a bit of Android, having been a Blackberry / Nokia aficionado until now; and- wanted a device I could use with one of my existing postpaid T-Mobile lines.It does all that, admirably. I'll add a postscript as soon as I've had a chance to test the Paypal device, but for now, I was able to pop in one of my SIM cards, and have the thing come up on TMO's 4G (HSPA+) and use its UMA (WiFi Calling). IOW, all good, there aren't any restrictions on the device as far as I can see, it'll use 4G data too, although I have that turned off on this line for now.The Android thing was just to satisfy my curiousity, what can I tell you, it works, I can't quite fathom all of the excitement, other than that you get a gazillion apps, which for those with the time to play must be a Godsend. I like the support I get from Google, including Google Maps with offline capability, and Google Voice, something I've been using for a long time. Am I happy telling Google where I go, what I do, who I do it with, and when? No, so this handset will never be my primary handset, but if that doesn't bother you, this is a very cheap - although as I write this it's gone up a bit from what I paid - powerful, and very convenient, pretty little handset. I do realize it is fashionable to carry a flat screen TV in your shirt pocket these days, but for those not bothered, and for those who already have a tablet and a laptop, this is a nice device. I especially like the lack of buttons on the surround - on my Blackberry and my Nokia, I am forever pushing things I shouldn't. Importantly, this is a brand spanking new, T-Mobile branded, device, with the factory seals intact, and updated to the latest (2.3.6 T679UVLK2) Android version available for it, at a very decent price - mine came from shopcelldeals, can't vouch for other vendors. TMO will even unlock it for you, if you're an existing customer and you meet the requirements, and they provide the warranty and support for it.Enjoy.
Have kept the phone for one and two month. It is a great phone and so many things it can do. This phone is the best [smart] phone I have ever had. I really love this phone and samsung really did a good job for this phone. I would definitely suggest that you get it.
I was also expecting the power cord, but it wasnt included in the description and power cords are cheap anyway.
I got this phone last year for my 17 y/o son for christmas.. He loves it he still has it and it has giving him no problem.
Being a single core processor phone, it's slow and creates sometimes the impression that it has frozen up, causing some incompetent users to restart it and get frustrated. Patience, not restarting is the solution to that.
gift for my sister, nice little phone
I like this phone very much. Much better than my old BlackBerry!
This phone has a lot of features that anyone will love.
Good little Android starter phone. It now belings to my 9 year old. Had it 3-4 years and it is still going strong.
Lets be honest, the 1 star reviewers have to have something wrong with them to rate this phone one star.This phone and plan is amazing ($30 100 minutes). You get the phone and simply go on tmobile.com to activate it. No walmart or anything. It simple. I get 4g ALL The time, and its so fast.Honestly I cant think of any cons except for the battery life. I usually charge it overnight then I have to charge it in the evening. But all in all this phone is great.And did I mention i rooted it? Got rid of all the useless apps. Speed is niceewaiting for the CM 9 to be released!
I have had my phone for a month and a half, and I have been very happy with it. I have had no technical problems with the phone, and it has worked flawlessly. There was a learning curve when I bought it, as it is my first Android phone. I had to research apps and install them to the phone. Everything is working fine now. I have been a T-Mobile customer for years, and I have been very happy with their cost-effective service.
Very Nice phone, however I think its a bit overpriced, considering its a very small phone.This might be an excellent purchase for a teenager, or someone that does not required to do mant activities at once.
Previously, I had a Moto xt720. I paid close to $500. Up to now with upgraded firmware, it has numerous glitches. I sold it. I decided to find another android phone but not so expensive. Also, any type of iphone was out of my price range.This was a great buy for $200. I have been hunting for a long time for a cheap but usable Android phone (i.e at least 1 ghz). The only options before this for the Galaxy S and HTC HD2 (I only go with HTC and Samsung) which were over my head in price. To be honest, I really didnt care for a powerful phone as my ipod touch 4th gen does the job for apps quite fine.I got a Tmobile sim card but is no use as I live in the caribbean and just unlocked it anyway for $25Pros:-The screen is comparable to the iphone's retina display and it is 3.7" which is a plus. Touch screen is quite responsive except for small buttons sometimes.-Battery life is more than a day. (moderate wifi and calls connected to 2g only)(no 3g available here)-Camera is quite fine for random pictures, barcode scanner etc and includes a handy LED flash.-Includes a power saving mode which can be enabled at set battery percentages.-As usual, all the quality features of Android 2.3. (Hope to upgrade to cyanogenmod 9 or official 4.0 in the future)Cons:-The power/sleep button is on the right side of the phone. This can take some getting used to.For $200, you just cant go wrong
This was purchase for my husband. He liked the phone, but could not get pass the small screen size or the size of the phone; it was just too small for his hands.
Its performance is excelent. It is incredible as fast it could work. Good investment for low price. Samsumg is Samsumg
I LOVE IT)))
I purchased a used one and it's been working great. I had it for more than 2 years and had no complaints. Great phone.
Well I have had a cell phone since the 1990's ,not a smart one ,just a heavy analog Cellular one phone .At .75c a min I didn't make many calls.After 2 days I was getting the hang of this .A little peeved by all those useless aps on here ,I mean what do most of them do .I soon found out you can't remove the ones that came with the phone unless you root the phone .What does that mean ,it sounds scary ,can I root that they go away ,I don't think so .I with the help of Norton was able to put their Norton 360 in there ,but have to leave Samsung's antivirus choice in there ,that I don't like .I was smart enough before I took my sim card out of my old phone to transfer my contacts onto the sim card which saved me a lot of time .One thing I always do is buy extra chargers car & wall ,a shield and case .Unfortunately I learned that the Exhibit 2 was not the same as just plain Exhibit ,what a pain .The only negative that I can see this Android is Gingerbread were as the latest is Jelly Bean so although most what works works with most aps except Scout which is something I'd like ,but is not compatible .I think at $125 without a contract is an amazing price ,and maybe I'm wrong but can't imagine what a $700 phone can do that this one cant .I'm happy with it ,it is a no lose situation .
I got my phone a day before the expected due date. I was really glad I did because I needed it. When I opened the box I was a bit surprised because the exhibit 2 was black and the ones before I had were blue. It seemed to be a better upgraded exhibit 2! It is a bit faster and has a non slip feature around the face of the phone. Bonus I actually got Samsung earphones in the box! (Every time I got a phone, it was just the phone and charger)Very happy and would buy again!
The product was everything as advertised and then some. Came with every item listed. Also came with earbuds that I assume were extra, but they were very poor quality and unusable out of the box (scratchy noises when used). Because they were extra I did not ding the rating as everything else out of the box was great.
The Galaxy T679 was perfect for my middle son! It seems the kids today care more about cell phones than they care about their school work! It's was a good starter phone, Thank You...
This was an inexpensive choice that has fulfilled all of my expectations. Purchased an additional item for my wife, she would give it five stars...
Works with our existing T-Mobile plan. Just took out the card from my wife's old phone and put in here and no new contract needed
The Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G was my first smartphone. I used it for about a year before my needs (use it for my work) outgrew it's capabilities and I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy Note II, which I LOVE. I was maxing out the storage capacity with apps and photos on the Exhibit 4G, even though I used an SD card, it started getting a little glitchy and needing me to frequently clear cache, etc. So, I gave the Exhibit to my 13 yr old daughter who appreciates the front facing camera and is satisfied with it for texting and social apps, watching video, etc., all on Wi-Fi, as she has no data plan. Then, it got stolen from her and because it offers a lot for the price, we replaced it with the same phone (purchased on Amazon). I sure am glad I didn't spend more for her phone because she has since dropped it and cracked the screen. Fortunately, the crack isn't that bad and the phone still works great. While it was mine, I appreciated the excellent speaker phone and call quality.
This phone works just as described. Super fast 4G but the only negative is that it does not accept my 32GB storage card but I have my 2GB card from my old phone working. It also has not been able to connect to the computer. Other than these two, it is a great phone with super fast internet. It works well with Simple Mobile as well as T-Moblie. I recommend this phone.
I'am very happy with this phone. I use it as hotspot. I like all its fonctions. It's what I needed.
i've had this phone for like 2 weeks, and it is amazing! there's only one little problem tho, that when i try to send a message, it usually fails. and it's been doing that a lot recently. maybe it's just my company though. but other than that, AN AMAZING PHONE. TOTALLY WORTH GETTING.
This phone just plain works.Pro's1. Reasonably long battery life2. Stable-Doesn't crash or freeze3. Fast processor 1gb4. Loud Speakerphone with excellent quality on both ends5. Large screen6. Universal Charging port-Any Micro-USB will charge it7. Bright Sensitive Screen8. Price is very reasonable9. Front and Rear Cameras10.Fast enough to support Tango Video conferencing without noticable lagCons1. Replacement screen impossible to find. My first dropped out of my e-bike at 30mph worked perfectly but screen cracked. No replacements available on the market. I had to buy another phone. Sigh...2. Only Turns on when you use the side button3. T-Mobile puts alot of crapware in this. The ram shows around 257 out of 350 when nothing is running.I am absolutely satisfied with this phone, when the first one broke after a week (accidental my fault). I went and bought another one.My biggest reason was the excellent speakerphone, stability, and fast processor.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Update- I've had this phone for 3 months and still working flawlessly.
I graduated from a simple trac phone to this phone a couple weeks ago. I'm still learning learning about it, but am very impressed with what it does. I'm not sure if it's a phone that does computer things or a computer that also has a phone. It's more than what I need but I'll manage. No need to upgrade after you buy this. Nice photos also. Well worth the money.
I had an iphone 3g for a few years. But I had tmobile and the 2g speeds were maddening. So I went to the android side and got this phone because I did not want to spend a lot, but wanted 4g speed. I got that.Physical size is same as the iphone. Screen is fine. Those that say it doesn't view well in the sun, make sure your brightness is turned up. Mine defaulted to the lowest setting and it took me a month to figure out that was the problem.Phone is light. Responsive. Call quality is good. 4g speeds are great, though sometimes I lose a signal, but I think that's not the phone as I live in a dead spot.Transition to Android was entertaining. Not the closed system of Apple, so there is some funkiness that I liken to the PC world, though not that crazy. Rooted the phone to get rid of a lot of bloatware, and I highly recommend you do that.Changed the theme to look like an iphone as I mentally have committed certain icons to certain functions.Battery life is fairly good. I can usually go a couple of days without charging and I use my phone a fair amount.When I was in the tmobile store, I drooled over the Galaxy S2. But in the end, I have an ipad, so why do I need a galaxy. This phone was cheap and highly functional.My only minor complaint is the lack of a better "on" button, as the power button on the side of the unit is a little hard to depress at times to wake up the phone. But I can live with that.All in all, I think this is a great 4g android phone for less than $200. Hard to go wrong.Ironically, I tried to buy this at the local tmobile store in my town to support local business. But because of the challenges the carriers have with previous contracts and lots of small print rules governing the prices of phones, the best they could do was $350. Hello amazon.
I've owned this phone for more than one month and in general I'm quite satisfied by its performance.Pros:1. Price. For $200 you get the experience similar with those flagships 1-year ago (Samsung GS I with a smaller screen), and more importantly, with the 2.3.5 OS.2. Rootable. It could be very easily rooted by using the same protocol for the 1st gen. Ppl really shouldn't complain about bloatware anymore but did a little research on this.3. $30 unlimited data plan. If you get covered by the T-Mobile 4G then it's a steal to get 5Gb 4G speed+free text and some free minutes (100). Time to forget about those basic smartphone plans cost $70 pre-tax elsewhere.Cons:1. CPU. Single core 1G is simply not enough to run the OS smoothly when 4-6 apps are running in the background. I have three email apps (Gmail, regular email app and Hotmail) and a newsfeed actively synchronizing in the background and the phone usually takes 0.5s to turn on the screen after pressing the power button and another 2-3s to make screens switch smoothly. One tweak is turning off the screen animation to get better response. Soft video decoding is also poor and frame-skipping happens quite often even when the bitrate is less than 500kbps.2. Battery. With 4G data and background synchronizing only (Wifi, BT, GPS all off), the battery can last about 30 hours in idle. In daily use you may have to charge it every night.Overall:Based on its performance/price, it definitely should be considered as a top prepaid phone with a perfectly matched plan.
I have had the phone for about a month now. I must say that going from a "dumber" phone to this has been a life changing experience and I will never go back to a non-smart phone. The phone itself is really quite nice, it is the perfect size (not to big, not to small) but like many have commented, very slippery! Getting a case for it is a must. As noted, it does come with some bloatware that is preinstalled and the only way to get rid of some of the applications (like media social, etc) is to root the phone (this gives you administrative rights - for the brave just google "rooting samsung exhibit II" and you will be able to find the means to do so).Since many reviewers have described the positive aspects of the phone, I wanted to point out that not all is rosy with T-mobile's pre-paid 100min, free text, free web plan. I was dismayed to find out that I was not able to use Google Voice as the default voicemail for the phone, nor was I able to use T-mobile's own preinstalled visual voicemail --- I can see the business logic behind these moves (T-mobile does not want pre-paid customers to have easy ways to get around using the limited 100 minutes while checking voicemail (google voice and visual voicemail use data instead of minutes)....still, I feel that T-mobile has mislead customers (they have nothing on their website that states that going pre-paid "limits" some of the features vs. what subscribing clients have access to).Still, it's not a bad deal overall - just annoying that they treat pre-paid customers like 2nd rate clients.
I really like this android phone.It's lite, it's faster than my tmobile G2 ( now my son's phone), and it's thinner than my old G2.The screen is very responsive and has the 2.3.5 os loaded.Very happy with my purchase.
This is my first smart phone and I was lured in by the reasonable price and T-Mobile's new $30 unlimited text, unlimited data, 100 minutes plan. I simply could not justify the expense of phone and data before. I think this phone is great value for $200. It has almost every feature I want. The only thing I would have really liked would be a 5mp camera like on the Galaxy S. I handled a Galaxy S and was considering buying a refurbished one of those for $150 more before deciding on the Exhibit II. I don't regret saving the money. Unless you've had a higher quality phone before, or you're comparing this side-by-side with something higher end, you won't feel limited or cheated by this phone. It's got a very crisp vibrant display, runs quick and smooth, and even with the 3.2mp camera I've taken some decent photos. Sure beats my previous phone anyway. Battery easily lasts me from 6am to late in the night. I haven't had it actually die on me yet. I don't know how my usage might compare to others, but I use Facebook and email frequently throughout the day, have tried out the GPS navigation a couple of times, used Google Music, surfed a bit of news, and played Words With Friends. The display is the biggest battery drain I think, so I keep that down pretty low all the time. I don't do much talking, hence getting the plan with only 100 minutes, so I can't say how much battery is affected by talk time.Only a couple of gripes... As others have mentioned, the beep when the battery is charged is annoying. I charge my phone by my bed at night and I still want to be able to receive emergency calls and texts so I'm not going to put it on silent in order to avoid that beep. But it does wake me up. Still, I can live with it.Sometimes texts fail to send and I've seen other people in forums with this problem too. Also the texting app is glitchy and doesn't always respond to your taps in the text area to bring up the keyboard.Yes, the back cover is as slippery as everyone else says. I bought the gel skin case for the Galaxy W (same phone as the Exhibit II, just rebranded outside the US) and I'm so glad I did. I would certainly have dropped the phone repeatedly by now if I didn't have the skin.Overall, I highly recommend this phone. Excellent price for $200, especially if you're been holding out for a while for the price of smart phones and data plans to drop.
Solid performance on a great network. Had to call to port my old number. The process was done the next morning before noon. As for the phone it just works. It handles the newest apps and games without any issue. Some may wish for a "vanilla" android experience but after using a phone like that i find Samsungs Touchwiz interface a nice improvement. I could re hash all the good stuff about this phone but for that you can read the other reviews. As for issues, which i may be alone on. I find the internal memory partitioning to be confusing at best. Theres a main system partition of 1 gig then a second 2 gig partion called usb memory. Thats all well and good but most apps that dont have custom save settings dont have a selection for it. I use an external memory card but this space seems a little odd. It seems like they wanted to give you some protected memory for music i guess its kind of odd. please comment if you know whats up with it. On to other things.The phone is as slippery as everyone says and with curved edges i never take it out without a death grip on it. Its more than just slick plastic. that textured back is like wrapping a hockey puck in nylon, and the phone is very light.The antennas seem to be in the base of the phone. i can sit in my living room and hold the top of the phone and get 4 bars on a 4g tower. Then hold around the bottome it will drop to the point that it switches to edge. Outside this is not an issue so no worries, its just a little odd.And last up the network.Tmobile is pretty solid where i live which is funny because they dont even have phone numbers around here. I ported mine so no worries. The customer service is top notch, heck if i didnt have to port my old number i wouldnt have had to talk to anyone.Thanks Samsung, Amazon, and T-mobile
I loved this phone... Then I gave it up for iphone
This was bought for my daughter a couple of years ago when she finally wanted a smart phone. It does everything she needs it for and has a decent camera. It is user friendly and easy to navigate. No complaints.
I actually like this phone. Does the trick for a reasonable price. I havent had any issues with this phone.
Make the work
she love it..
Supper
Exhibit 2 is all you can ask for at price <$200. The phone is really fast with 1 Ghz processor once its rooted though. The screen is clear and bright even during mid day, email and messages work nicely with push notifications from gmail app. The camera is ok, both front and back cameras work fluidly during skype chats and music is clear with 5.1 surround sound on headphones. The touch screen is very receptive although at times you feel your don't have the smooth surface to use swype effectively, trick is not to actually clean your screen so often. Browsing is good with Wifi and GPS working great and connect at N speeds if your router supports.One more thing about GPS, you DON'T need to have a data plan for GPS to work. You can pre catch using google maps a certain area of 10 miles radius and use GPS to navigate without data plan, it works. Also you can use all those health and fitness apps (although I recommend my tracks by google) to record the track you run/jog/cycle and then come back home to overlay the map and share. Once again GPS does NOT require data plan.Yes as everyone else mentioned, the available ram is only 356 MB and not the entire 512 MB. If you don't root the phone, there are bunch of apps from T-mobile which will eat up all the ram and usually hovers at around 315 MB, once rooted you really feel the speed of the phone, and ram hovers at 250 MB, ofcourse depending upon the programs you run.
I say almost awesome for my title because of one big issue. The phone even with a 1Ghz processor becomes sluggish when too many apps are used or even one app like the GrooVeIP or GPS or streaming music for an extended period of time anywhere from 30 to 40 minutes on wards. My wife's Samsung Transform Ultra from Boost mobile with just 800Mhz processor does not do it for similar functions. But the issue is fixed after a reboot. Other than this its an excellent phone especially for someone who does not use all the above mentioned apps or uses them casually its an excellent phone. That is the only reason I give 4 stars. I do not get 4G for T-mobile where I live but it works great on my WiFy.
I am still learning the phone but so far seems very good. One item they forgot to put on phone is it should either beep or have a light lite up when you miss a call or text to let you know you have one waiting for you. I never know if anyone has called unless I check. My other phone beeped at me when I had a voicemail and I miss that. There is alot the phone has such as web use that I have not tried to much and I do like the fact that you can use your voice when texting instead of typing all the time.
This is my first "smart" phone if that is the correct term for this phone. For the past almost five years I have been using the same old Nokia - which served me well. I wanted another Nokia but I also wanted Android OS, and was told by Nokia that it was not available on their phones. My Nokia was so old that I think it is like the one Elvis used. Anyway, it had a rotary dial.As I say, so far so good. The biggest drawback, as mentioned by many others, is the number of apps icons that need purging - I won't use all of them, maybe three or four. I have had a T-Mobile prepaid plan since 2007, so converting this phone to that plan was not too difficult. My Nokia SIM card was not recognized by the Samsung, for whatever reason, so I first copied my "contacts" from the Nokia SIM card to the Nokia memory. I then placed the Exhibit II SIM card(the one that came with the package) into the Nokia and copied the contact info to the new SIM card. This card was then placed into the Exhibit II and viola! It didn't recognize the existence of a SIM card. What now?After fumbling around a bit and recalling how often I have had to reboot the set-top box for my Fios service, I said, "Aha!" I removed the battery and reinstalled it - We now have ignition. So, I signed up for another 1000 minutes on my plan and I'm good to go.One disappointment - and maybe it's just me - but I connected the Exhibit via the mini USB, to my iMac and the iMac did not recognize the device. If anyone is knowledgeable about this connection, please advise.For now, it looks like I take the phone to work to download the necessary drivers and apps required to "root" the unwanted apps icons as directed by others on this review site.Not having had any other "smart" phone to judge this one by, I think I am going to really enjoy this phone. However, I don't text at all (not yet anyway), and I don't intend to watch movies or TV, but it might be nice to sync with my computer at home, via Evernote, once I figure out how to get it on board.Hope some of this will help others with whatever they are considering in the way of a new phone.EDIT: So far, not so good. I continue to be unable to remove the App icons.....even though I have a gmail account, I can't even download the Superoneclick App recommended here, to root it. Too much the neophyte to know whether it is the phone, me, or the prepaid T-Mobile plan, that is the source of the frustration. The next step is to beg the guys at T-Mobile for direction. So we will remain at 5 stars, for now.And, to the person, JJ, who wants my old Nokia, sorry that rotary phone sold on Creg's List for a song-and-dance.gydancer
Overall its a pretty good phone. before this I was with virgin and had the optimus slider which I liked. The problem with this phone is there tons of junk on it and i can't figure out how to root it. But if I can root it and get all the crap off this phone is great. Anyone have ideas on how to root?
Everything exceeded my expectations except for ..EMAIL: (Main reason for getting my phone)1. Can fetch email every 5 minutes, wow! However, it seems you have to wait for 5 minutes since refreshing the page seems to do nothing! :(2. Sometimes, it sends the same email 4 times!!3. Setting my school email as default:I tried many procedures and they all failed, then I got that by random luck through this method: (not sure whether it always works)I entered gmail data using the link below. On my laptop, my default outgoing account on gmail is my school mail. [...]4. Multiple emails are sent to the addresseeEDIT:This problems arises from the "email" application, not the mobile. Gmail application doesn't have this bugs, et signature does not appear in gmail app.
It has been 1.5 month since I bought this item. It is time to make a fair judgement now.[Appearance]----------------This is good looking device with thin design. Screen size is 3.7 inch.[Usage]----------------Exhibit II is quite light. It feels good in hand. You mostly need to use your both hands to handle because of Android's menu and virtual keyboard design.[Speed]----------------It takes about a minute to boot device which is reasonable I guess. This is not fast device even it has 1 GHz processor. Because processor speed is an illusion in Android devices. Don't get fulled by numbers, just think about what you get. If you compare Samsung Exhibit II with iPhone which has equivalent hardware you will understand what I mean. My conclusion is Android is much slower operating system than iPhone. What you pay is what you get.[Camera]----------------Front cam is an ordinary one that is reasonable for video calls. Rear camera is 3MP with flash support. Photo quality is not fancy but not too bad at all.[Operating System]----------------This device is running Android Gingerbread(2.3.x). Android is Java dependent system which makes it running slow. However it is still better than Windows based mobile operating system. You can experience weird resets sometimes don't worry. There is no news about Android 4.0 update. I guess they may not prepare 4.0 update for Exhibit II.[Connectivity]----------------3G/4G networks are available for internet connection. Bluetooth is available for data exchange.[Software]:----------------t is coming with bunch of useless T-Mobile software. You cannot directly remove them they are defined as system component. You need to root and remove them. You will use Android Market for new software. Android Market is still poor if you compare it with iPhone apps.[Battery life]----------------This part is really crucial. I bought this device to use 4G service. That is why I always enable either WiFi or 4G. Data backup and synchronization services are always running too. Average battery life is 20 hours for me. But there is a significant inconstancy in battery consumption. I usually use similarly each day but sometimes battery is draining in 8 hours, but rarely it is draining in 30 hours. I have no idea about that.[GPS/Navigation]----------------At the beginning GPS signal was frequently dropping but it is quite consistent nowadays. Use Google Navigation software. It is much better software than other navigation software which comes default.[Conclusion]----------------First off all you need to know that you are not buying an iPhone equivalent smart phone. I don't know the whole market but this might be one of the best smart phones in terms of performance/cost. If disadvantages don't bother you too much this might be right smart phone for you.I hope this review is helpful for you.
189. was a good price and this Samsung Exhibit II 4G delivers !I use it 98% of time as a wi-fi device.I have rooted it and installed many apps --- it is nice.Only wish might be a little less height to fit better in my pocket.bill in Boston
I absolutely love my camera. It works very well and almost everything I hoped for. Only two problems I had was it has no zoom. I saw in the product description it was to have x3 zoom, and it does NOT. I even spoke with Samsung and they confirmed it. Also, I was under the impression that I could get the $30 unlimited text and web with 100 mins. I was wrong. That card is ONLY available if you bought the phone through walmart. So now I have to do the $50 one, or only have 30 GB of internet. Other than those two, I love the phone and would recommend it. Only thing I would have done differently was spend the extra $20 and got it at walmart instead.
The phone is great. I love it except it does not have the same feature of my old phone did like the different call log. It does not have out going, missed, and incoming call, they are all in one call log. Besides that the phone is great and fast. It is great to invest your money in, and it cost less than what T-mobile store is offering. Yes, I would recomend this phone to anyone who is intrested in.
For the price, this is a fairly decent phone. I switched from Blackberry, so I miss the physical keyboard, and small size of my BB.Size: As Android phones go, this phone is one of the smaller ones. It is almost the exact same size as the iphone, and even has a larger screen than the iphone. Screen size to phone size ratio is among the best around.Weight: AverageSpeed: Web browsing is fast. The phone sometimes takes 3-4 seconds to load the page with my corporate email - seems like a long time when you are staring at the screen. Other than that it seems ok.Battery: Terrible. But as I understand, all newer phones are like that - wish they would take a page from Blackberry and get a clueInternal memory: I've downloaded a few apps and seem to have more than enough memory left.Software: Phone installed an update the second day I had it, so it runs Gingerbread. It came with all sorts of preloaded software I don't want, but since I seem to have plenty of memory left on the phone I'm not worried about it.Other: You have to download stuff and tweak settings to get it to do what you want, and it does not always comply. I'm usually quite technically adept, but I set this thing to receive push email, and now for some reason it is not downloading new emails from my gmail. So there is some setting messed up. It is not like a blackberry, where everything just worked, but I think that is Android, not this particular phone.Accessories: Phone did not come with a memory card, but has alot of internal memory. Came with a USB cable and with a very nice (very small) wall charger, and a SIM card.Delivery: Took Amazon 5 business days to get the thing out of their warehouse - it just kept stating status was "shipping soon." But once it shipped, it arrived in less than 18 hours.7/21 EDIT TO ADD: I am using this prepaid phone on a regular post paid TMobile plan, and it works just fine. Just put in my own SIM card, called TMob and asked them to change my plan from Blackberry to regular data (no cost difference on my plan), and it works. This was the least expensive option for me; TMob wanted $329 to buy the phone outright from them; Amazon was $189.Edit 7/21: Have had the phone a little over 2 weeks now. Battery life is MUCH better if you physically turn off the device each time you are done using it - press button on upper right side. I was not used to having to do this, as my Blackberry either turned itself off, or somehow did not use as much power. Physically turning it off, I can get through a day on the battery. Part of saving battery life is setting display brightness to about 5%, screen time out to 1 min, and touch key light to 6 seconds. The 5% brightness is more than sufficient inside, but I cannot see the screen when outside. Will have to find an app that adjusts brightness when outside. Also, this particular android model has no LED light, so the phone lacks the visual notification that there is a new email or voice mail (ie like the BB blinking light). I solved that by downloading an app called "NoLED" which is terrific, and even shows the time on the screen. I'm getting used to the size of the phone; it is not as much of a problem as I anticipated, but still larger than my BB Pearl. Other issues are all Android issues, but I'm getting used to them or solving them. Gmail problem is solved, and a free app called "SMS Unread" can be downloaded and configured to show the number of unread emails in each gmail account.Update 12/22: At the five month mark, I'm reasonably satisfied with this phone. Biggest complaint about this phone is it's ridiculously terrible battery life. I think this a shortcoming of non-Blackberry phones (ie all Android & Iphones) and not this specific phone. A colleague who went from Blackberry to Iphone has the same problem. As a result of the poor battery life, my screen is set to the absolute lowest brightness, so I can't see anything on the phone when in the car or outside (anything subject to natural light), which is the second worst thing about the phone. I probably use less than 45 minutes a day of cell, and check it occasionally; battery really should last longer and allow for brighter screen setting so it can be seen in a car. Third on list of gripes is that it is not as fast as my friends Iphone5, but it is not a $700 phone either. I'll keep the $520 I saved and wait a few seconds for the phone to respond to certain commands. I'm told this is because the memory is filling up; I'd like a way to get rid of all the preloaded programs for which I have no use. Rooting will do this, but the root procedure for this model supposedly breaks it's ability to call 911, so I'm not interested in that.On the ok side, the picture quality is better than my BB, not stellar, but not bad enough to change phones. Seems lately to have developed a problem connecting via USB to the computer to download pics, but that might be Android, not this model of phone. I've also had an issue where I try to dial a number and it immediately disconnects. I pull the battery and let it restart and everything works fine. I don't know if this is caused by the phone, the OS or Tmobile.On the plus side, I've dropped it numerous times and the screen does NOT crack like iphones do. I find this one of the major advantages. The other advantage that I LOVE is the TMo Wifi calling - as long as I have a wifi connection, the cell part of the phone makes and receives calls regardless of the strength of cell coverage. Third advantage (silver lining in the cloud?) is that even though it does not have a hard keyboard (which I miss), it comes preloaded with "swype" for entering your text/numbers. This works pretty well, and makes entering text bearable, and apparently a feature like this does not come preloaded on iphones, because a few iphone users have marveled at this feature. I have no issues with sound quality on the cell, both regular and on speaker phone, and internet connection seems to work at a nice clip. Web pages are displayed crisply, so screen resolution is good.Overall, I'm pleased with the phone and pleased with the price.
i really like it and it was a nice sturdy package when i got it.the phone can freeze up sometimes which is annoying but i just got it like 2 weeks ago and it hardly freezes.it does not feel cheap one bit it feels like glass and steel. so yah it a cool phone.
The Samsung Exhibit II is a solid and attractive upgrade phone for pre-paid users. Like many, I started out using a low-end LG Optimus V on Virgin Mobile, but soon tired of the slow data and bloatware of the phone. Looking around T-Mobile's Monthly 4G plans were 5 dollars cheaper and twice the data cap (2.5GB versus 5GB before throttling kicks in). HSPA+ was also amazingly fast - at least 3x the average speed of VM's 3G. But the problem was that T-Mobile's 4G Phones are pricey, even for the up-front cost that pre-paid users expect to shell out to get to a new phone. Looking around, I discovered Amazon was selling them for much less. The reviews seemed pretty positive, so I took the plunge and was glad I did. Although many of us dream of picking up a top of the line HTC or Samsung Galaxy, this phone was a big upgrade to my older OV. A larger and higher-resolution screen, much more responsive just in terms of scrolling and launching apps, and I wasn't constantly watching my disk space when loading apps because of the generous 4GB onboard storage. I did add an 8GB MicroSD so I could easily carry around my music and videos. Overall, I'm pleased with this purchase - I just wish there were more accessory options for it like a good Otterbox case and clip, but for under USD200, you can't beat this phone as a good mid-range Android.
The size of the phone is just right. It doesn't weigh down my pocket and the screen is sharp, bright, and responsive. However the tons of bloatware is annoying and it quickly drains the battery. As mentioned in other reviews the phone has to be rooted in order to uninstall the bloatware. Fortunately I found the following tutorial online on how to root the phone:[...]Once you root the phone you will need to use the android market app(already installed on the phone) to download the "titanium backup" app. I used this to remove all of the garbage from the phone. Now the battery lasts much longer and I can more easily find the apps that I do use.
Some times I have to tap several times for the keyboard to appear in order to text. Otherwise than that i like it a lot. Very easy to use.
I chose this because of 4G and I like the Samsung products. I do not like the glare in sunshine which makes it hard to read.
This phone is fantastic. I would highly recommend this phone for most people including teenagers as I had purchased for my teenager who absolutely loves it:)
I like my new phone, is not the best in the world but is usefull for what I need .
I purchased this phone for my Goddaughter as a replacement for her existing prepaid T mobile service. All she did was take out her sim card out of her old and into her new phone and now she has her continuing service with Prepaid T Mobile but with an updated phone, Thank you
I just about gave up on finding a cell phone and plan that meets my needs and fits my budget. I tried the new HTC Rezound with Verizon, the phone was really nice but Verizon wants an arm and a leg to get minutes, text and web. It came in at almost $90 bucks a month. Sent that back and was looking at a prepaid phone when I ran across this Samsung Exhibit II here at Amazon.I guess it was my lucky day cause this phone is great! Got fast 2 day shipment and activating it at T-Mobile was a snap. Because I was a NEW customer I was able to get the $30 a month plan with 100 minutes, unlimited text and unlimited web. Oh yea, NO 2 year contract! This beats the heck out of those other guys.There is alot of bloatware that everyone mentions but I reduced the number of homescreens from 7 to 3 and put those apps I useon those 3 screens. Also downloaded Juice Defender and Android Booster from the app store to help me with battery and app management. Next I downloaded the Kindle ap and got my books downloaded. Then I downloaded music from my Amazon Cloud player and stored it on the phone.I had a 16gb SD card which I installed and then moved some of the apps to the card which saves space on the internal battery. So far I have no complaints with the phone or T-Mobile. The only improvement I would make would be to move the speaker from the back of the phone to the front.Lastly, I was pleasantly surprised to see a FULL paper phone manual included with the phone.
it's not the best phone in the world but I like it. everything seems to be working fine I've had it for a week now it was shipped within 3 days. it comes preloaded with some nice applications also. I'd recommend it to anyone on a t mobile prepaid plan.Update: after rooting and removing all of the bloatware, flashing a new rom.. It's a good Lil phone now.The cameras are not the best, but I'm not a photographer so it does the job.
I got the Exhibit II as a secondary phone. This is a really very good phone for $189.Pros:- Screen size is 3.7". Not too shabby for a sub-$200 phone. It has multi-touch and screen detailing is crisp.- Decent specs with a single-core 1.0 GHz processor and 4 Gigs of internal memory.- Front-facing camera for video conferencing!! This is what sold me on the phone - the ability to skype or video-gtalk is really nice.- Very good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use - I get 30 to 40 hours on a single charge.Cons:- You have to deal with a lot of T-mobile bloatware. Of course you can always root the phone and delete most of the bloatware.- T-mobile may give you a very hard time unlocking the phone as it is not purchased through them. Since I travel overseas a lot I needed my phone unlocked. I have read that some individuals have eventually gotten t-mobile to unlock their Exhibit II after several calls. I wasn't that lucky so I had to go elsewhere to unlock mine for about $25.Other:- If you are buying this phone to unlock it and use overseas, check to be sure your network is compatible- For the Exhibit II we have:2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 19003G Network HSDPA 850 / 1700 / 2100 / 1900- Several countries in Africa and Europe use 900/1800 which means this phone will only get 2g on those networks. I found this out when I traveled overseas. :(Overall, I have no regrets with this purchase.
As with my Android tablet, I fell in love with this Android phone. Before I purchased it, I did some research into whether or not I could still use the phone if I had a monthly contract. And I could. All I had to do was call T-Mobile and tell them that I no longer needed a Blackberry data plan and needed their Android one.Pro's:-It's easily rootable. All one has to do is download some drivers for your computer, some app's, and voila. You're done. In fact, rooting your device is encouraged by many in the Android community; unlike those who own iOS devices (Apple actually frowns upon people who do so).-Plenty of apps that you would find on Apple's devices, you can easily find on Android. For example, Siri. Instead, we Android users have something called Iris.-Unlike Apple products, this Android phone actually has a flash for its' camera. Since I take plenty of pictures, I expect my camera's to have flash.Con's:The one thing that really bothers me about this phone is that I couldn't hear people text me when I had the phone locked. With my Blackberry, it would make a noise. It's not a big gripe since I was able to find an app on the Market that took care of this for me. It's called Handcent SMS in case anyone is interested.Otherwise, this phone is perfect!
Great phone so far after one week, really quite amazing for the price. We have been searching for phones that will switch over to wifi smoothly for talking AND texting, which seems simple but it has not been all that easy. We live outside of any cell phone service area, so this feature is essential. This one works great. We popped in our existing t-mobile sim card (family plan) and it activated without having to talk to anyone at T-mobile. Battery life is a bit short--you won't be able to go for days but it hasn't been a problem.Only other glitch is that the phone will occasionally buzz non-stop if Skype is on and you get a text or something.
This is a great quality phone with a decent screen size. I was initially afraid it might be a bit too small. I went from a 3.2 inch screen to a 3.7 in screen. Who knew half an inch would make all the difference! Although a 4 inch screen would be nice, I think this screen size is perfect. Not too small. It fits great in the hand.Text Messaging is buggy. If you text more than 1 page of text, it gives you an error. Looks like a lot of people have this problem. I've searched countless forums about it. The only way around it is downloading a different messaging app. The only annoyance is that I can set the new app as my default, but I can't change the icon on the dock to go to my app. The dock icon just goes back to the default messenger. There are apps that change your phone screen and it allows you to customize your dock, but I haven't found one that I like yet.Yes, the phone does come with A LOT of bloatware. I read about this before I purchased the phone. I read many forums and a group finally made the process easy. I am definitely new to the whole rooting process. I wanted to root my old Android phone but it seemed so complicated so I never went through with it. For this phone, there are some smarties out there that made the whole process so simple! Very few and simple steps. Download 2 files (USB drivers and the actual Rooting file), set phone to USB debugging, plug it in, execute rooting and you're done! Install titanium back up app, back up all apps (Just in case you delete the wrong one!), delete the apps that are not needed (List provided by the genius root people). SO EASY! I was a little hesitant in rooting because I was a newbie, but it's super easy and simple. The phone works just fine without rooting. It didn't lag or drain the battery. I went a whole day with moderate use during my work hours and heavy use on wifi when I got home. I still had some juice left the next morning. I only rooted the phone because all the extra apps annoyed me. I didn't want pages and pages of apps that I don't use.I'm still under contract with t-mobile but I wanted a newer smart phone. I had an old T-Mobile MyTouch. The very first version of the MyTouch line. I wanted to upgrade to a bigger and gingerbread android phone but I didn't want to be tied to a 2 year data plan. This is a great alternative to very pricy unlocked phones. Plus, when my contract is up, I can switch to the prepaid plan. I don't need data because I'm usually at home or at work where wifi is available so it's great that I could buy this phone, stick in my sim and I'm good to go. The only issue is that if you don't have a data plan you can't send picture messages. I have read this is an issue with Android and/or T-mobile. It doesn't bother me too much because I don't usually picture messageRegarding that other reviewer that said the phone can't get network calls or texts while on wifi, I don't know what's wrong with their phone but mine works great. I was hesitant to buy the phone because of that review. I'm glad I believed it to be a fluke and bought the phones anyway. Network calls DO work with wifi on. There's absolutely no reason it shouldn't. T-mobile told that person the wrong information!This phone is definitely slippery as other have said. The full body skin helped with that (Offered as a bundle from Amazon). Installation was SUPER easy. I like the soapy water method because it's more forgiving when you place it down crooked. Now I'm just waiting for my case from ebay.Overall it's a zippy phone (even before rooting), way faster than my ancient MyTouch running on Froyo. Very few lags and no "force closes." It has the perfect screen size and customizing is so easy. Battery life is great (I was afraid it would be like other smart phones where you charge every 12-15 hours). I am still heavily playing around with it, downloading and customizing, but I would say that I could probably get 2-3 days of regular use. For now, it's what I need for a price I can afford. This is a great phone!
I see this phone as a one for those of us who love the idea of having all that technology in our pockets, but just can't get ourselves to spend hundreds of dollars on a top-of-the-line phone and/or go under a two year contract when plans and deals are changing almost everyday.I upgraded myself to this phone from a T-Mobile (Huawei) Comet, which probably was the lowest spec'ed phone you could get with Android 2.2 installed on it. I used Comet for little less than a year and I got it for 160 bucks - which I thought was a good deal back then, when rest of the options available were at least twice as expensive.Comet was very slow; when I saw Exhibit II for less than 200, I knew it was time for an upgrade.Exhibit II has all the good features that you read on here - which are excellent for the price.Here are the downfalls:1. 1.0 GHz processor is really great, but it is a single core; thus, some (quite little) choppiness or loss of smoothness is observed when you are multi-tasking - insignificant downfall.2. Android 2.3 appeared to me to be less stable than 2.2, as Exhibit II did freeze a couple of times after doing updates or installs and uninstalls. Not that I'm an expert, but I'd say this is expected, because 2.3 is more extensive, more compatible, more versatile. These freeze ups could also be a cause of some on-the-poor-side hardware.. but this is totally a guess.3. Screen is great, camera is borderline good (nothing amazing).. but I'd say, the sound quality is poor, with the most obvious one being the speaker on the back of the phone. It is loud and clear, but lacks depth to the tunes it is playing - sound like cheap laptop speakers as opposed to good laptop speakers. Sad to say (for Exhibit), Comet has a much better speaker (and this is one of the reasons why I'm not throwing Comet away). In addition, I can easily say that the earpiece inside the phone is not a lower-end quality one. The sound is overall is good but just not brilliant - wouldn't expect this from Samsung.Overall, it's a great phone - fast, functional, average up-to-date technology.. but we all know how long that lasts..I would recommend this phone.
This phone is great. If you want to pay extra money for the Apple name that is your choice. However, with Android phones you get the same bells and whistles for cheaper, and this phone is a good example. Mine has been great.The iphone is the most popular phone in its category, but so are McDonald's and Walmart.
It is a great phone for a very low cost; I Bought it to use it in Colombia and so far I had no issues with it; it is light, fast and it has a big screen that is good enought for the price point of this phone; One recommendation is to root it if you want to get rid of the T-mobile bloatware that comes integrated and get the best performance out of it; the only But so far has been the battery duration (it's kind of low compared to my previous Samsung i5500), but I guess that it's a tradeoff for the bigger screen and the faster CPU.
I bought the Exhibit II 4G straight from Amazon and I was not sure if the phone was going to accept the Simple Mobile Sim card since it was locked to T-Mobile Prepaid. I put the Simple Mobile Sim card and it accepted it perfectly. I had to manually set up the APN (which is very easy and Simple Mobile explains how to do on their website). I was also able to successfully root the phone using the ZergRush method. After rooting the phone I installed Titanium Backup to remove all of T-Mobile's bloatware from the stock ROM.Since I am using Simple Mobile's $40 2g/3g plan I disabled the 4G to double the battery life.The phone itself is very snappy and the images are very crisp. The front camera works great with Google+ and Skype so you should be able to video chat without any problems. The rear camera could be better since it only has 3.2 MP but with the help of a good camera app you can add filters and enhance the pictures.It is definitely the best 4G T-Mobile or Simple Mobile phone you can buy for under $200.
It's not a 5 star phone compared to all other phones. It's a 5 star phone based on combination of price and features. This no-contract phone at $190 (Amazon price on May 26 2012) is a great buy for the features it has.I bought this for my 12 year old as an upgrade to her non-smartphone and she's loving it. Has loaded bunches of games on it and hasn't had any trouble with any of them after about 10 days.The suggested retail for the Exhibit II is $330. At that price, it's actually a very poor value considering the Samsung GNex is now going for $400.Compared to the $150 (Amazon price) T-Mobile Prism, the Exhibit II is a far better phone.Jan 14 2013 edit: There is a Samsung Android update for this phone that rebrands the phone "Galaxy Exhibit 4G" (maybe some improvements/fixes in there too but I didn't look into the update). After nearly a year, the phone still works fine but she occasionally (maybe twice a month) experiences the homescreen icons vanishing (no lockups or crashes that I'm aware of) which is fixed by a reboot. The Galaxy Nexus (GNex) I mentioned in the 3rd paragraph is no longer available and has been replaced by the top of the line Nexus 4 at $299 (8Gb) or $349 (16Gb).Apr 3 2013 edit: Still operating fine with the notations from Jan 14 but I'm deducting 1 star because the "value" of the phone has gone down as it ages while the price remains pretty stable. The dual core LG Optimus L9 is now available with better specs at nearly the same price. I don't own an L9 but would certainly buy that over this Galaxy Exhibit 4G if I was in the market for a $200 phone.
Now charges, didn't before, was able to add more storage as well. Easier to use for loading files than my Apple Ipod.
Phone came in great shape, it seem to have a virus of some sort, vibrating uncontrollably, would't recommend this product
I am not a smart phone person because they are so expensive. However, I think it is worth the money.
Bought this for my almost 17-year old daughter, and she loves it, so far. I haven't heard any complaints yet, and she is discovering more about it's capabilities every day.
I'm still using this phone. I like the features of a smart phone, but have the ability to make prepaid plans. This phone has served me well.
it was my first smartphone and had alot of features that i didn't know it would have at a cheap price.
Ordering was easy and phone arrived in very timely manner. Best price. As a senior, I find this phone easy to use. I am thrilled with it and recommend it.
for the money this phone can pretty much do it all, but there are times I go crazy waiting for a text to go through, but that could just be the T-Mobile service.
Mostly only use the phone but I love it . Being over 80 years old it keeps me in touch with my wife when we are not at home together .
very happy, thanks.
A bit slow. This is an old phone now. There are much better and faster phones. So I wouldn't buy again. But at the time (several years ago) it was an ok phone. A bit slow, but good to try Android for the first time.
bien
I am very satisfied in the phone works great and thanks for the fast shipping I am very pleased and the service
Great product, fast shipping ,was in good working condition.
Hi,I was looking for an Android phone that's not to expensive. I once had a SE neo pro with separate keyboard (there are only a few). But the battery was exhausted very quick so I gave it back.Then I found this one surfing the T-mobile site for a new plan. Samsung is also a favorite brand and at the first view it seems to have everything that I like / need:- not too big (3,7") but very good res of 800x480- nice appearance- expandale memory (up to 32 GB)So I decided to buy it with the monthly plan for $30 with 100min talk and rest unlimited.I like this phone very much but there are some things to mention.- You can't get this phone / plan in a T-mobile shop. They treated me not like a customer. When I stepped into the shop it took them a while to realise that a customer is there (there was nobody else). Then they just said I can order it only online. Also the SIM card. So I ordered the SIM card at T-mobile online and the phone at Amazon bc it cost $249 at T-mobile (one day later ist was $349!).But what I didn't know was that the SIM card is included in the package. This is not mentioned here!!! (Fortunately the SIM card is only $2.49 + tax or so)- The battery is exhausted also within a day even if I do not play surf or text (much) and the brightness is as low as possible. GPS and WiFi is turned off. I can't believe it. But it seems that I have to get used to it. My "stupid" phones only need to be charged once a week!- sometimes it is slow (ie playing angry birds or writing a text) although I only run one or two apps. Is the single core from Qualcomm so slow? Or as there an update running?- I assumed that 4G is faster. But it may depend on where I am. (ie. in a building with thick walls...)- Tethering: Not working with the monthly plan (100min voice, unlimited text, unlimited data (up to 5GB with 4G). This said the guy in a store. Or is there a possibility to use the Exhibit II as a hotspot?!Besides that it's a quite nice device to have Internet always with you and google maps, email, MP3, Cam, ...CheersHK
Bought this phone for my son as a compromise for the Iphone and he loves it. I am personally not phone savvy, but he says it has just as many features as the Iphone.
I've had this phone for 2 months.The Phone:Solid phone. Its great because its not pushing any technology envelope, its really reliable and consistent. Its technologically similar to the EVO 4g, so plenty fast for most everything. And actually the EVO has the Snapdragon S1 processor and this has the Snapdragon S2, slightly newer processor. But its also a technology that they've been working with for over a year so all the kinks seem to have been worked out.I'd rather have a 1ghz phone that works every time I need it than a dual-core 1.2ghz that fritzes out, turns on and off, gets hot, and does random stuff.The size is great. I don't really want my phone to dominate my pockets... The screen size works very well. I watch netflix on it regularly, email, web pages load really well and are easy to navigate, games are good. Texting is easy. I like the swype. Its improved smooth and quick.And at $200 I'm not so worried about it. Can you imagine carrying a $400 object in your pocket! I'd think about it all the time. This is way lower stress and a gain in workability.+Music player works great. Good sound without any enhancements.+I like how they do the calendar and the day's appointments are displayed below the monthly calendar.+Contacts software is well integrated and usable.+Being able to create folders inside the app menu is nice.-I liked the text msgr until I realized it cut photos sent thru MMS down to 9kb, can't even see them. So I use GO Messaging from App market. It only cuts them down to 30kb. Which is very readable. (I didn't like Handcent because when monitoring memory usage with the apps open, Handcent took up more memory and left more memory tied up even after I closed it.)+It has Tasklist and Memo apps that are well thought out.+The pull-down bar lets you change screen orientation, wifi on/off, bluetooth settings. Very handy.+Photo gallery loads quick.-Camera kind of sucks. Its usable for quick pictures and sharing good times, but I'm not going to print them out and frame them.+Skype works!! Well it doesn't work from the phone to a computer for some reason. But it works great from phone to phone. Had a great chat with my Brother on his EVO 4g.+They send you Txt reminders for making the prepaid payment on time starting 3 days before they're due.**Wifi Calling is installed and works great but it uses your minutes. Originally I thought I would get a minutes plan to save money and use wifi calling as much as possible but no-can-do. Wifi is just a way to get you service in low service areas. It still uses your minutes, so I moved to the unl minutes plan.I will say the less apps you put on a phone the better they run. The App Market is just not as well managed as Apple's App Store. The Apps in the Market can take up excessive memory, create memory leaks that increase the memory they take up even when closed, they conflict sometimes with other apps due to the access privileges they require, they slow the phone down.I watch carefully thru a memory monitoring app and see what apps do to the phone system and delete those that cause issues.I can get 3 days out of this phone's battery this way.Fortunately, which is something I love about this phone, most of the software I use is on the phone and it works really well. I'm very happy with it.The Service:I switched from Sprint. I'm glad I did. I paid $200 for the phone and now just pay the prepaid 4g monthly of $50/mo. I get unlm talk and text and 100mb of data at 4g and then unlimited data at 2g/3g. Its good for the occasional Navigated trip and getting emails (w/o attachments). Otherwise I just use wifi at home or office or friends. Easy enough and only $50/mo. Huge savings over Sprint/Vzn/ATT. And T-mobile has been pleasant to work with. I'm in Savannah, GA and service is great.
This phone is the best performance per dollar smart phone for the people who can get TMobile HSPA+ connection. The HSPA+ data download and upload speed are 3Mbps - 8Mbps and 500kbps - 3Mbps. If one is not on the HSPA+ network, the phone will switch to EDGE network, and the data download and upload speed will be reduced to 40kbps - 100 kbps and 40kbps - 120kbps. GroveIP + Google Voice combo do not work really good on Tmobile EDGE network because the data speed is way too slow. The GroveIP voice will either be lagging or breaking up and it's an unacceptable calling experience. The same result applies to Skype, however if one switch to a good Wifi network and then this wont be a problem. But we all know that using Wifi means you have to stick in that room, so don't even dream about driving and use GroveIP to call someone on a wifi network at the same time.Tmobile post paid call centers people are in US but the pre-paid ones are not. It may not be a fun experience to deal with the pre-paid customer agents. It took me about 4 hours to switch from a post-paid Tmobile account to a pre-paid $30 100 min, unlimited text and data plan. It is very tricky on how to move my post paid phone number to a pre-paid service and also select this $30 100 min unlimited plan.The default Tmobile Wifi calling app does use your own plan minutes when you make a call on a Wifi network. I think this is lame and it is wrong.The battery lasts about 2 days of usages if one is on EDGE network. The battery lasts less than 1/2 day if one uses HSPA+ and playing with video and music.I got this phone for about 2 weeks.The phone supports Tethering and Portable Hotspot but by default, Tmobile will block the service even if you have unlimited data plan. Additional cost is required to use this service.A screen protector is not needed. I just keep the original MFG plastic screen cover on and let a 9 years old kid to play Fruit Ninja for about 1 hour, as result, it works fine, no damage on the phone screen.The front phone cam produces really crappy image quality. But it is still useable to let others see you.As of Jan 19, 2012, I think this phone will not get Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade.Overall, this phone is not as good as iPhone 3GS, no where near iPhone4 and iPhone4S. But for $189, this is still the best value phone when using TMobile $30 100 minutes, unlimited text and unlimited data monthly plan.********************************************************************************************************Updated April 21, 2012Dial *#*#197328640#*#* and option 1->8->7->2->2 to use 3G/4G network only.Dial *#7465625# to see if the phone is locked or not.
I've had this phone for a little over a month now and I LOVE it! I was going to buy a factory unlocked iphone at 600+ dollars until I saw this phone...it's super fast and I havn't had any problems with it thus far. The wi-fi hotspot ability is super convenient and the T-mobile unlimited monthly 4g plan is great. Overall a great buy =)
It's been a good 3 or 4 years since I bought a cell phone. My old one was one of the original My Touch models which I absolutely loved when I got it. It had been run over and most of the color had been scratched off. So needless to say it was finally time to upgrade.My husband and I are researchers (and super frugal) so when it came time to say goodbye to the My Touch I really wanted to get a great phone for super cheap. The Amaze and Galaxy are all the rage right now but since I don't want a 2 year contract they're just really expensive phones to buy off the shelf. That meant we had to find a phone we felt was as close in quality as the Amaze or Galaxy but for half the price plus great functionality since I'm on the phone almost 20 hours a week for work.We did all our research and read all the reviews and made the choice that the Exhibit II was the ticket and boy were we right. I just got my phone yesterday and it looks great and functions even better!!! It functions very intuitively so no need to get out the manual. The speed is off the charts! I was able to get everything set up in 30 minutes or so and then just played with my new toy. I was so enthralled with it in fact that my husband had to gently remove it from my hands just so I'd go to sleep.Can't wait to use the phone for work today since I already know it's going to increase my productivity.
Let me start off by saying that I am not very tech-savy. I am on the Tmobile prepaid unlimited everything. I had been looking for an internet capable phone for quite sometime, as I was paying for a data plan I was not using. I purchased this phone after much research on android phones. What sold me on this phone was the price. Because I have the prepaid plan, I was going to have to pay in full for an unlocked android phone, which can be over $300. I found this phone on Amazon, and was imediatally in love with it, because it can everything that I wanted it to do and it was at an affordable price of $200.I like this phone for many reasons. It is a 4G capable phone so I get signal almost everywhere. I like the way that the texting is set up (gingerbread interface, I think that is what it is called). This phone comes preloaded with swype, which i had never used before until now. Swype is pretty easy to use I just drag your fingure across the letters in the word that I are trying to spell and it writes out the word for me, so no more hunt and peck. Another thing that I like about the phone is that it is wi-fi capable. I like many other things about this phone, these are just some examples.I have only had a cupple of problems with this phone. Sometimes the phone is not very responsive to my touches on the touch screen, though is rare. The only other problems that I have with the phone are that occasionally my phone will not send texts and rarely it will freeze up. Both of these problems are fixible by simply restarting the phone or pulling the battery. I have had no other problems with phone other than those things.Over all I think that this is a pretty nice andriod phone, and totally worth the money. It is a great deal for all the things that you get.
I switch from my Nokia Astound to this phone. This phone is amazing, the android store is awesome, and the phone runs nice. I also love how light weight it feels, to me that is a plus. This phone is just amazing for the price.
Bought this phone for my 12 year old son. Was not sure it was going to do the trick, but it has :) Very happy with our purchase.
Bought this for my wife, so I'm not 100% sure on how it is performing. She hasn't complained about it, so it must be getting the job done. It was a good buy at the price, and transferring her old number over to the new phone was fairly easy. I was able to complete the job over the phone with our local TMobile store. She was on a pay-as-you-go plan, which did not have any data on it. We were able to get the "WalMart only" $30-a-month unlimited data and text w/ 100 minutes talk just by asking the rep for it on the phone.
It has all the features and apps you could want. The battery needs to be charged every day. It eats up a huge amount of power.
Very happy with everything on this phone. For the price you can't beat it. Lots of apps if you are into that.
My old LG android phone was failed to update OS and broken. So I bought something different from LG. This Samsung works OK. It's worth for my money.
Does everything I need it to do and more,the volume could be louder great phone other wise buy one now ok
My first smart phone, it has more capability than I really need. I’ve used all the functions they all work as designed. I just installed my original sim card and off we went.Received it within days of order, would recommend this phone without a doubt
I bought this phone a few months back. After rooting and tweaking the phone a bit it hums along nicely.The biggest plus of this phone is performance to price. I looked long and hard before I made my purchase, and I don't think you will find a better android phone under $200.The biggest drawback this phone has is all the bloatware installed on it. To make it trickier, the phone must be rooted to remove most of it.
Great android phone and for this price! Better than the iPhone 4! I can go up to Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich with Cyanogenmod 10!
This product seems to work well and was a good value for the price! It is user friendly and the 4G network is Fast :-)
this phone is beyond expectation. I am enjoying the phone tremenduously. i have already bought another one for my brother in Africa. I'm hoping it's going to work well for him as it is working for me. the phone speed is superb. I can recommend this phone to my friends. in my opinion it beat iphone any time, lots of free downloads and many more good stuffs. I am not a tech person but I know any tech will enjoy this phone like any other expensive phones.
If you want a more versatile cell, this phone is a very good deal. For internet access, we have my iPhone and my husband is perfectly happy with a contract free cell phone with HiFi connection.
Several things are imperfect with the software on this phone, but for the price, I can't seem to do better.
This phone is easy to use and perfect for those who are techy but not to techy. I'd get it again.
Umm i used this phone for like 6 month now these are the poor side of this phone so far....CONS1) low internal storage2)low capacity processor ( crashes when u play games like "Temple Run "3)crashes every time when u play games4)No ics update will ever comes to this phone !!!!
They upgraded the phone without asking. A very nice gesture and shows concern for the customer. I highly recommend this outstanding company for their integrety and service.
I'm pretty satisfied with the performance of the phone. It has some minor bugs and it's locked, but I would recommend it.
Great phone. Glad I Got it cause I didn't have a phone for like 2 or 3 weeks because my other one broke. Defiantly recommend it if you want something that looks nice, feels good and works great. I have had mine for almost a week and a half and the only thing that makes me disappointed is the pre-installed apps that you can not uninstall, also when I plugged it into my computer it took me awhile to figure out why it wasn't able to install the software for the phone, so I had to go (on the phone) into settings, then wireless and network then went down to USB utilities and had to connect the phone to the computer before I pressed "turn on USB storage". so that took awhile but now everything is good. 4g is great and fast too. The processor is fairly good, nice and fast. there's only some points where it lags in and out of messaging or any other icons, but that is usually when I haven't turned off the phone for a couple days and all I do is charge it when the battery gets low. but it is nice and responsive to the movement of your fingers, the screen is very nice and responsive also and surprisingly has not scratched yet. I have had this phone in and out of my pocket so much without a screen protector and still has no scratch, it does smudge a little but not much. The screen is also a bit bigger than the iPhone (long wise). the camera and front facing camera are actually pretty decent. if you keep them smudge and scratch free they do take some good pics, the front facing cam is pretty pixelly but isn't bad when your doing a Skype or snapchat. and now for the calling, the speaker/ear piece or whatever its called is very nice and has good sound. I have not tested the speaker phone feature yet but I play music out of it sometimes and its nice clear. Basically its a great phone for people who don't want to spend a whole lot on the phone or the service and mostly uses it for texting, calling, music, web and facebook, or any social app that's about it. if you want something that you can use all for media stuff and as a phone, iPhone or galaxy would be your best choices.
This is a great phone for the money. If you have a prepaid account and want to keep up with the Jones go for it. In most cases I find a wifi hot spot and don't miss the 4g network stuff all that much(it's capable I am just to tight to pay for it). I basically pay a 100$ a year for minutes and have all the phone I want.
It is all I need. I have my prepaid account. I don't paid any monthly fees. This is also a mini computer that is very capable. Sometimes it runs faster than my laptop. Checking the email is faster than using any other decice. Of course I can connect to internet using a WiFi, but I am not an internet addicted or a Facebook addicted so it is perfect for me.
Yes, it meet my expectation and the phone is what i needed. I didn't get my order the first time but with the help from customer service, i was able to get the phone.
I look forward to purchasing more from vendor in the future. I would recommend this vendor to anyone who shops online.
Did not want to pay big $$$ for my wife's phone, so I got the Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G . Very SOLID. No issues. I would recommend it to those who do not want to pay $600 for a new phone.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my Lg Gs 170 Phone. This phone is easy to handle, fun to use, and has all the features I was hoping for. In particular, I enjoy the clear camera, video recording, messaging, wifi, and various applications you can download to this android phone.The only drawback I've noticed is the screen is very touchy at times while at others it's not responsive. This occurs at around 15% of 100% of the time.
These films fit great and last long if you take care of it. No problems installing and having multiple is great when you get an annoying scratch, you can replace it. I got one when I put the phone in my pocket with my keys. I think that happens with any film, and that's why you get the films - so you don't get a permanent scratch.
I'm still trying to figure out some features like how to add more than just a phone number & a name. And why can't I add a full name? Seems like the space is limited.
this is a fantastic phone for the money dollar for dollar perhaps the best phone out there. it does everything I need a phone to do... I can stream music , read books, play games, access the Internet and of course text message and make phone calls.... sure their fancy your phones out there but I'll be twice the price..... sure there are faster phone is out there they will be twice the price.
This phone work well, the second one I order. I gave one as a gift, can do more thing then I image. Glad I've upgraded to this model. Will recommend this phone to all my friends.
Its worth $200, and does what it says..It dosent come close to any of the top end smart phones butif you're looking for a budget smartphone or want to make it your first, this one's the right choicefor you. I would recommend buying external storage as there memory fills up fast and slows down thephone.The only problem I have is that the screen is barely visible on a bright sunny day. I would have to takeit to the shade to use my phone..
For a price of 190 bucks, this model is totally worth !!Pros:1.LOW PRICE2.Android 2.3.5 works like a charm with 1GhZ processor3.Front facing camera4.Wi-Fi calling5.Pretty slim compared with other same range phonesCons:1.Camera for indoor captures gives dull images2.Sometimes takes fraction of seconds to display the scrolled webpageThat's it !I am happy to get all these android smooth working features in such a low price. Will definitely recommend..
For one I got this phone as my first affordable smartphone. I did not want to pay near $80 a month for LIMITED data on the networks that work near my house (ex: everyone but Sprint). I was able to activate it for my first month under T-mobile's $30 no contract plan. As a warning..the ONLY way you can get that plan is buy activating the phone online OR buy buying and activating the phone at a Walmart that is closest to you.Like I said this is my 1st real smartphone. I have messed around with some of my friend's phones, everything from the original Droid to the more recent HTC Rezound and Moto Razor. So its not like I'm not familiar with the android family. This is NOT a top tier phone. It only has a single core processor and half the ram of the top smartphones. However it does come with Android 2.3.5 as standard. And when you do have "4G" service, the web browsing and app downloading is very quick. The camera is OK and the webcam is not that amazing but they do the job fine. Be warned though the flash is VERY bright.....its far too bright for normal use (its great using the Flashlight app though). This phone can handle all the tasks of the big boys at a fraction of the overall running costs. I would recommend an antiglare screen protector and a case for the phone though. The screen has lost of glare in sunlight and the back of the phone is very slippery. Battery life is goodd though. With moderate use I got 2 days out of it with the WiFi turned on and the screen at around 50% brightness. It can get glitchy when a bunch of the apps are running in the background but nothing a good appkiller can't fix. Overall if you want a good budget smartphone this is one of the best!PROS:Great plan prices1GHz CPU and 512MB ram very nice combo at this price pointQuick for a no-contract phoneVery nice screen (both visually and with the touch features)Not very big or heavyCan take a 32GB microSD cardCONS:Not the fastest phone in the worldCameras are not greatFlash is too brightBack is very slippery and screen is reflective without anti-glare protectorSo far...no ICS update for it without rooting
thank you
works well.
Great
My stars are based upon it's price point. I can't attest that this phone is "as good" asthe higher end phones as some reviews suggest as I haven't tried those, but my guesswould be that paying extra you'd definitely get a better phone.Call quality is decent, camera could be a lot sharper. Only apps I really used werefor social media, didn't use it to surf the web much. After about a year and moreusage, battery life started getting much shorter and it seemed like the phone waslagging a lot more. Good size and weight, overall pretty durable.Bottom line: as far as software is concerned it's solid for the price. If you're aheavy user of web and apps you'll definitely want to pay more and geta more heavy-duty phone or else you'll be disappointed.
I love this phone! Bigger is not always better!
good but a little bit slow
Have this phone for a month now.This product exceeded my expectation in terms of performance, but because of the bloatware that comes with it, it slows it down at times. The phone comes with a lot of pre-installed applications, some of which are not even needed because other applications it came with does the same thing for eg two music players and tons of maps.The camera works well with good quality. The panoramic setting work great.Speaker loud and clear.I'm from the Caribbean, so apps like magic jack and skype are important and they do work well. For skype, get the version 2.1.0.46 and do not allow updates, if you do the person would see you sideways if you change the orientation of the phone from potrait to landscape.It connects to the wireless very fast, and the use of the internet and other media loads quickly.Be sure to restart the phone at least once a day to clear some of the memory, cause as I stated all the pre installed bloatware takes up memory and space.That's my bit.Also get the hard gel case and armour screen protector, they go hand in hand.
This is a pretty good device. It can get apps and go online and thats pretty much all I need. However, it does get slow sometimes and can get stuck for a few minutes. If you can't afford the i Phone or the Galaxy 4 its a good start. Good phone for the cost.
Granted I'm not a big tech gadget geek but this is easily the best phone I've ever had. I got this because it was reasonably priced with pretty good reviews but people were labeling it a "good starter phone". This is only my 2nd smartphone but there really isn't much this phone can't do. One problem that was annoying was that sometimes whenever I watched videos that were 1 hour or longer the phone would freeze up. I had a problem with that because I had Netflix but I noticed that after a few weeks of turning off the unit for 30 seconds and turning back on weekly, the phone stopped freezing now I can watch long movies like Bad Boys 2 without any freeze .
ALL GOOD
This is my first smart phone, still a dumb operator. I am learning and will be OK after a while.
Phone got here rather quickly. Phone service was working by simply transferring the T-mobile SIM card from old phone to new phone. Charge the battery, power on. Done.
This phone is t-mobile compatible and is why i purchased it! I am not disappointed. I find new features everyday. It does everything and i am so glad i switched from a flip phone to this 21st century model!
Just what I ordered when I needed without paying too much at the providers ridiculous insurance plan. I would definitely recommend to others.
Can't go wrong with Samsung Android platform.
This is my first smart phone so I don't have a comparable phone to compare with. I'm shure as time goes by and I'm more familiar and more proficient in it's use,perhaps then I'll give a higher rating.
I like this phone. Ease to use. Only the product looks not so good. I phone have a bulb in the screen. I just don't like that.
The phone is great. I love it. My only complaint is that the bluetooth won't work with my 2009 corolla for some reason even though it has built in bluetooth software...
This thing is durable compared to other smartphones! No cracked screen and I like the size. Fits right in my pocket!
I believe this is a good phone for a person who is not a heavy phone user such as myself. I have noticed there is a little lag with the auto rotation in text, but that is not a big deal. I really enjoy the resolution, good amount of pixels over a 3.7'' screen equals crisp and beautiful screen. I am a little concerned however that the memory may not be the greatest due to all the bloatware. They are putting the same amount of bloatware on this thing as they do on the Samsung Galaxy S2!! I think I might freeze the apps if I have the guts to possibly put the device in risk....Overall brilliant phone, it is good-looking and I hope that it is durable. I would not say the build was the best...seems very plastic-based.
I now have 3 of these phones two in use and third as backup. I love the 4G it is definitely faster than my daughter's and son-in-laws 3G Iphones and after more than a year I cant think of anything I would want it to do that it can't
This phone is user friendly which I needed, as I am almost 76, and a generation or two behind in electronics. This is the 3rd phone I have tried besides my little flip phone. I love this phone!
If you like the simple life stick with the flip phone. This is not a bad phone, specially considering the price, the battery life is not great but with smart phones that is a given. The multitude of functions that these phones performs is amazing, usually at a sacrifice for privacy and the more apps you download the slower the phone gets. The manual is not much help, specially if this is your first smart phone. The sound for calls is good and clear, for me that is important.I took me a month to figure out most of what the phone can do. some functions that require internet connection are done with WIFI access unless you have unlimited data from your carrier, this is true for GPS navigation, the program has to download maps as you go. Some of the better apps cost money, the free ones are basic and you have to give up privacy and see commercials.As a phone it gives you the option of storing a lot of information with your contacts, which you have the option to back up thru your carrier or g-mail. The more expensive phones can cost 5 or 6 times what this one cost, or sign a contract, which I wasn't about to do. I like the freedom of changing carrier if I'm not satisfied with the service, off course you would have to unlock your phone to use it with someone else, which I'm not sure you can do with this one. If you are thinking of that possibility get one that is unlocked. I think that if you buy a phone you should be able to do what you want with it.I give this phone 4 stars because I don't have major issues with it, but it's not perfect. The screen sensitivity is not as responsive some times and you have to press several times. The power button has to be pressed several times to be turned on or off. As far as some frivolous functions such as videos, games and music, they eat up battery, you would have to charge the phone daily, for stand by for calls it could last 2 or 3 days with out charging. I'm not sorry I bought it, I would recommend it with caution.
im loving my new phone works great with my jobthe camera is coolspeaker you can really hear its loud
Got this phone for wife who never owned a smartphone. We were blown away by the amount of features it packed and the smoothness of how it operates. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a inexpensive smartphone to start out with. Price was just right.
I own 2 of these, one is international version that I used during travels and another is T-Mobile's.T-Mobile's came with Android 2.3.5 and international one with 2.3.6, I liked 2.3.6 more, less glitchesand runs smoother,also battery efficient. Anyway,T-mobile applies a software update pretty right awayand now both run the same version. International has faster cpu (1.5Ghz) vs T-Mobile's 1Ghz, thoughhonestly I don't feel difference. I don't run games and use the usual set of applications - Google'sGmail,Maps,Talk, Facebook's client and messenger, Skype (which is not officially supported on SamsungExhibit / Wonder but works great) and few other social networking / informational apps. T-Mobile activationwas a blaze.What I like: screen is nice except in sunny places, surprisingly clear for TFT however my eyes like AMOLEDmore. Size is great if you can live with smaller screen. CPU speed is superb for both 1Ghz and 1.5Ghz. Battery lifeis fantastic.What I don't like: TFT screen,don't see anything in particular conditions (direct sun etc). Small size means lesscomfortable keyboard.Overall very nice smartphone for its price if you're ready to give up on screen size and quality.
This is a nice phone to have. I like everything about this phone except one thing...the switch for on/off button. It's a good phone to own if you use prepaid or day-by-day plan.
I bought the Samsung Exhibit II 4G for my son, he just loves it really nice features. It is also rugged after numerous falls it's still going strong. Fast enough for all he's put it through, music, apps you name it he's done it. Would recommend.
I bought this to replace my bricked Sidekick 4G since I still had another year on my contract. I was worried about having to shell out another $500+ for a replacement smartphone...until I found this! Unlike most people, I love the smaller size, even though it makes typing a bit more difficult. It has the same speed processor, same amount of RAM, and has a newer version of Android than the old phone did... for almost 1/3 of the price! Camera isn't quite as clear, but the Sidekick's wasn't anything to brag about either, so I never used it. The battery life is impressive, no more needing to charge in the middle of the day. I can almost always go about 16 hours and still have battery life left. It has some glitches, but every Android seems to have that problem, and resetting the phone fixes the issues. Overall, very happy with the phone, and happier with it than I was with the phone it replaced!By the way, this came with a prepaid SIM card, but if you have a contract plan with T-Mobile already, you can put your existing SIM card in and use it with no problems!
I've tried "several" carrier/cell phone combinations. Had a motorola triumph which was a disaster ( I should have known this as I've never had any luck with this brand in my area), the combination of the Sprint network and Triumph nearly sent me over the edge. Well,so I've had a Samsung which I liked a lot and had T-mobile a while back. So I knew this combo would be a winner. And it is... the plan is just what I need. The call quality is excellent and the Samsung Exhibit II is just perfect and is 4G to boot. Fast and elegant. . Its been a frustrating search but I feel like Ive come home. Let's hope the cell phone gods continue to smile on this combo. I'm lovin it so far.
I initially bought this to try out Android phones as i was waiting for the Iphone 5 to be released. WOOW is all i have to say. For the price (less than half of the Iphone) i would say that i would not be buying the Iphone 5 when it comes out. This phone has a lot of built in features that i use the most in my last iphone. Tethering, navigation, web browsing, maps, and something more like traffic app. Great little phone for the price. The only complain is the battery which definitely does not last long. Especially when you are using the navigation, which is not much of a problem if you have a car charger. Overall a great Iphone replacement for me.
I have purchesed this product maybe two weeks ago. Now I am not big into having a whole lot of apps on my phone and this is my first android phone and I have to say that it is pretty awesome!!! I have found the reviews on here most helpful, and am glad that they were there for me. What attracted me to this phone was 1) the thirty dollar a month plan. now if you try to activate this over the phone it does not let you get this plan. BUTif you activate it online.. it is there no problem!! 2) a front facing camera and 3) the fact that it has wifi and a huge android market... no wonder everyone uses their phones for everything now!! Lastly, the one peeve I have about this phone has already been covered by others; it is hard to select the little text box to text people! You have to click on it segeral times to bring the keyboard up. frustrating but for the price, i think I can handle a few minor inconveniences.
Great product and price.
I bought these cell phones for my family. They all liked it a lot, except that the batteries on the cell phones don't last as long. I had to replace two of the batteries on the two of the phones.
As a budget phone costing less than 150 bucks, I would say it certainly meets my expectations, hardware-wise. The level of satisfaction on the software side, however, is less than awesome. The phone is preloaded with a bunch of bulky & useless T-mobile bloatwares, which present a huge burden to its miserably little RAM. It took me a while to root the phone and remove pretty much every single one of those bloatwares. Since then the phone has performed great.
I've had this Samsaung model for about two years. This is one of the first models using their earlier Android 2.1 operating system. No updates to the later 4.0 or later systems. Users can download to Android 4.1 but have to erase the entire memory bank to do so. T-Mobile is the bigger problem as this was an intro model giving initial 4G cell service, Thier map shows 4G in Colorado, but I don't get it everywhere, so their 4G service is skimpy in Northern Colorado, thus 4 star rating. Overall it does everything I needed with several additional apps, but their 4G service isn't the best for website browsing! I feel the Samsung is satisfactory and will update to a newer model soon and probably a different carrier with better 4G service!
Love android and Samsung products are good quality regardless of price point. Had problems with the battery after a solid year of use, which I had to replace but it wasn't expensive (16 bucks). Shipping and handling was on time. I would buy from this seller again.
I love it! So many great features and it has Everything I need in a phone! The only thing I think it doesn't do yet is walk up to me and kiss Me!!!!!!!!
This is NOT an S4 for those who are looking for fast responses and great data processing, but it does the job as expected and provides a relatively smart phone with wifi for close to the $100 mark.
Got 2 phones, 1 for each of my children. Great price versus other smart phones. We use pay as you go with no data which is perfect because they use our router to connect to the internet when home. They don't need the internet when they are out, only texting and phone service. Battery life is not the greatest (probably because of the games being played). the only negative is there are too many apps already installed in the phone, that are not removable, that we really don't need and will never use. Still love this phone!
I bought this phone last week. It is very good. No contract required. Works in India also. Perfomance is also good. Video clarity for video chatting is good. Worth for the money you spend.
I just received my phone today and i love it.. right now it is the best deal on prepaid phones out there so far. im on the $50 a month plan on t-mobile and its great u get unlimited everything. Also the picture quality is amazing.
I love my new phone. I bought this for an overseas business trip. All my research made it sound like it was easy to get the unlock code from T-Mobile. It wasn't. They kept refusing because I did not have the phone 60 days. Then they asked me to fax my receipt. After I did they refused because they said I did not purchase it from an authorized retailer? Is that true that Amazon is not an authorized T-Mobile retailer? I paid an online company $25 for my unlock code & got it instantly. 3 days into my trip T-Mobile finally sent it to me.Every now and then the phone is slow at responding to touch but it is rare and not a problem considering the price. Also, I don't use a skin and I've dropped it several times where the battery pops out and it had no effect on the phone.
So far iv'e Haven't found anything wrong with this phone. Works great Snappy and never froze once used it for about 3 days. Gingerbread works likes a charm. Ram is sufficient, I've played NeedForSpeed:Shift and Temple Run so far, They run Perfectly Pretty amazing actually. i wasn't expecting such performance for 205 Bucks. Love it might get another one for My friend. Very Clear screen and Very responsive screen i bought the Smoke black TPU case for it and you find another one better for 5 dollars. Great investment Times are hard but this is as easy as it gets.
After having the item for 4 days, I must profess myself quite satisfied so far.I am coming from US Cellular voice-only subscription and couldn't abide what they wanted to charge for data plans; I just want the ability to make occasional calls and also have moderate access to the internet while travelling, so I don't need thousands of minutes of voice plus an added $50 or something for data. This phone and $30/100 min TMobile plan seemed to fit the bill for me at the right price. I had some apprehension about whether I'd be able to utilize this plan with this phone (didn't get it at Walmart, etc.) but I had exactly zero issues signing up for this plan online. It took me about 4 mins between opening the TMobile website and having an active phone in my hand, and I have been happily surfing and downloading ever since. After reading the various reviews, my other main concern was about battery life. So far I have experienced about a 30% discharge per day with modest usage (download a few apps, some Pandora, a phone call or two, browse a few web pages), so by that measure a single charge should last me about 3 days or so. Presumably longer if it was just on standby most of the time. A friend of mine wth an iPhone says he has to recharge his about every three days so my experience seems typical, and quite satisfactory to me. I am careful to turn off the GPS and the BlueTooth unless I'm specifically using them, but otherwise I don't feel like I have to be constantly watching the battery and husbanding my usage for fear of running out. I just sequestered all the bloatware on the home pages in a folder and haven't felt the need to try rooting the thing to get rid of this stuff, as it doesn't seem to be shortening the battery life or anything.I have experienced a noticeable reduction in voice quality with this phone/plan vs. what I had with USCellular, but I don't know if it's just differences in coverage or what. The voice quality is acceptable, not great, which is why I'm not giving 5 stars. Other than that, I find this a most excellent combination of smartphone and data plan, although never having been a smartphone user before now, I may be easiliy impressed.
I love my phone. My husband intruduced me to the exhibit back in Thanksgiving 2011 little did he know how attached I would get to it. Up until then we had just a plain phone no bells and whisles. When I got it. I really liked it. I went to a t mobile place and was told that the screen wasnt working right. So for $20 l got a replacement. I had the replacement a month. When It fell out of my pocket when my husband was backing the car. And when I went to look for it. it was all cracked. So that was the end of my phone. I went on craigslist and I bought a Samsung exhibt 4g the first version for $80I had that for a month and even though it was a good phone. I didnt want a used phone anymore. So I sold it for $100 on craigslist. I used that money as well as a gift cert my sister gave me for amazon to buy a new phone. The Samsung Exhibit 2 4g. I am so happy to have my phone back again. I still put the old cover on it. so now I have my new phone with the old cover. Thanks Jennifer for the wonderful customer service. you are a true asset to amazon.I would recommend this phone.
Sometimes I forget it's a phone. Equal to Iphone4s but faster. It tops my Computer. has 250,000 apps. It is going to take a while to learn all the tech. I am a gaget guy, This tops everthing. I was walking last week with the phone in my pocket and heard a female computerized voice from the phone (crazy) It would not stop, when I looked at it I realized it upgraded itself from 7 screens to 12. I though This is like an old "Twilight Zone" episode, I got scared and took the battery out. i am amazed by this Crazy Android.
This cellphone is great , i can do everything i expect with this cellphone like chat , video chat ,game, watching TV program and many many more app, I am really satisfied with it , the only negative thing is , it is going hot more than normal after 5 to 10 min usage but it doesn't matter for me
I am so amazed by this phone!! I seriously can't imagine someone trying this phone, looking at the price, and going on to buy some other phone that either costs 2x as much, or signing a contract!You would think they'd cheap out on this phone to make the higher price phones look better, but the only defects of this phone are expected, the basic camera (flash included) and the rear speaker (should be two front facing).Otherwise the standout feature is the crisp, beautiful screen. It is made of a very resistant material that reveals a pristine brightness. Not a single miniscule scratch after a month of use.This comes with the newest version of Android for phones, Gingerbread 2.3.5(though ICS was recently released for the flagship Samsung Galaxy Nexus).This phone becomes even better when you root it and remove some of the unnecessary T-Mobile applications, and further tweak it. There are about 5 icons that are pretty useless, but can't be removed normally. Perhaps they are included to reduce the cost.This actually works better than most GPS devices out there. Just buy a windshield or similar mount and take full advantage. This has been my experience:1. Waze - Community driven navigation that gets better when more and more people use it, reporting traffic, and new roads. This can really help you find better routes on your commute. The drawback is that it's harder find newer places in its directory.2. Google Nav - everything you can find in Google Maps, is navigable here. Complete with Google's satellite imagery. Very polished and includes traffic reports.3. TeleNav GPS - comes with the phone, and is the closest to a traditional GPS device. The free version works quite well, without ads or distractions. You must pay a monthly fee for additional features.Here is my experience with watching streaming video:1. Netflix - Works perfectly.2. Hulu Plus - Does not work yet. Says the content is not yet available for this device.3. T-Mobile TV - Included app works really well, but the best content requires subscription. Even has LiveTV!4. Amazon Video - Officially it is only for the Kindle Fire, but I got it working quite well by tricking the program. Only works on Wi-Fi.5. Crackle - The low quality you expect, but it works6. Qik - Records and uploads video instantlyGames:All Angry Bird Games work perfectly smooth, Cut The Rope a total delight, Fruit Ninja fun as always, Where's My Water is a bit tricky on this size screen, and I haven't tried much other popular games as these are enough to entertain.Reading:Kindle, Nook, Zinio, and Google Books appear nice and clear.Music:The built-in speaker is very loud, but not very clear for dynamic music. For optimal enjoyment and respect for those around you, use headphones.VOIP:Google Voice works well, and you can use it to make and receive calls (4G up to 5GB and 100min plan is perfect for $30). Google Voicemail is incompatible with prepaid plans. Skype works well and video chat is acceptable. MobileVOIP works well.So why consider a different phone? Well the processor is more than capable if you're conscious that it's a single core, and has its limits. So far, every program that I could want on a phone works well. Things start to slow down with several programs that use data service. The built-in camera won't replace your standard digital camera, but is useful for day to day capture. But why pay hundreds more for a phone that can't out do a good basic camera?Additional features: use tethering to make it work as a 4G modem to share the internet connection via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth devices, listen to internet radio, watch movie files, use as LED flashlight with a program, use as an alarm clock, view Facebook and Twitter, scan barcodes and research products, and do everything else that you can do with Android apps.Plan to keep the phone plugged in to a car charger if using for navigation, use a battery managing program, and the battery should last the day. A charger for the office (secondary location) would be advisable for heavier use, especially tethering.This phone may be unlockable by calling T-Mobile after 3 month of use, or you can pay an unlocking website to use it with another provider.
I got this phone after nearly a year of dealing with crappy handmedown phones and Tmobile being completely unsympathetic to it's contract customer. I signed a 2 year agreement and thought a great bargain on a new phone would be a part of the deal. apparently, "they dont do that anymore." The very best I could get was an Optimus T(?) for $150. Anything else was much more, "discounted." I didn't really have that money at the time, and I know a few people with the Optimus T who weren't all that happy with it. So, I figured I'd wait until the time was right.The Exhibit II is really the perfect balance between smartphone geek and budget freak. For under $200, I was expecting a lot less than this. The next lowest in price as far as a "prepaid" phone is the Samsung Dart. Ive seen this phone before, and even its size alone fails to thrill. But the Exhibit II has a large, brightly lit screen, and endless possibilities.Pros: Lightweight, yet doesnt have a cheap feel.Android 2.3.5 is arguably the most stable Android out there. I have a tablet that runs on 3.2, and despite it being out for a bit, still has some quirks. Most apps are hand crafted to 2.3, and it really just does everything you could possibly want. Most legit apps will run just fine, maybe some shady ones will too.Video and music Playback/streaming is great. I was surprised to get netflix up and running on my phone! No, it doesn't have beats audio or anything, but sound is good for hooking up to headphones and listening on the go.Camera/video chat-As I said, this phone isn't $400, so don't expect a Canon SLR camera here. Its, alright. It will take a good picture in good light, and a mediocre one in any other setting. But, to my surprise, the video chat is much better than expected. I could see and hear clearly, and my mom said she could see and hear me fine as well.Not sure if this is android particular, but here's a few other little cool things:The phone is basically dummy proof--for most things that even seem confusing, all the way down to the keyboard...theres a tutorial nearby.The alarm has so many things to it, such as a pre-alarm to wake you up lightly, and then the regular alarm. Snooze is adjustable, etc...simple stuff.Expandable memory--this really gives you space galore for everything!Cons:For some god awful reason there is not a camera button! you have to open the camera app, and take a picture through a button in the UI. Not a deal breaker, but just seems strange. There really is space for the button...The screen lock is a little annoying. It doesn't give you an option to take the lock off or change it, and its this annoying swipe action that for some reason gets annoying if you don't keep your phone screen on too long.I've experienced force closes. But...I can't say for sure this has to do with the phone. I have them on my tablet as well, and I even had them on my Windows computer. Maybe I just visit the wrong sites!Overall, I can say it is a great phone for someone who wants a nice, well functioning smartphone with *some* of the bells and whistles, but certainly not all of them. I guess if I could describe the Exhibit II, it would be practical. The screen is nice, the sound and video is nice, and the specs on it are on point with the medium, but not big boys. No, it doesn't have Galaxy or whatever specs...but I figure, you must REALLY be a stickler for it to pay that much more. If you aren't...this is the everyman's smart phone.*edit* 1/9/12--I will still stand at four stars...but I have encountered some other quirks. The 356mb RAM seems to be always half used despite doing absolutely nothing. I've cleared it and as many as 12 phantom applications are taking it up--plus just functioning takes up a third! Don't bost the ability to switch apps if you can only have two running without getting laggy.My theory still stands that they skimped in the "right" places to get the lower price. The screen is not small...but the keyboard has given me a run for my money. Its not tiny, but its that "tenth of an inch" missing that definitely makes it seem like my piano fingers are sausage links. Even portrait gets awkward.also, as I said about the lag...wouldn't likely be experienced with a galaxy.I haven't had major battery issues. Then again I don't browse the internet for 5 hours straight.But otherwise, if you want a fully functioning (but not perfect!) Smartphone, this is a great phone for a moderate user.9/17/12-Update. Yes, its been nearly 9 months with this phone. It updated to 2.3.6 and quickly went downhill. It would restart itself, force close, freeze, and just lag. So, I took the dive.I tediously studied for hours rooting the phone. Mine is now running on Cyanogen 9. It was not easy (apparently the simple rooting doesn't work on 2.3.6). But This phone is now amazinger (not a word) than ever. to see it running Android 4.0 really says a lot about the technical capability this phone has. Stinks on Android and samsung (bloatware) for drudging such an amazing device through the cheap mud.
Samsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile) Nice Android phone for those that don't want to pay 2x-3x more for a Samsung Galaxy II or Nexus. This phone, once unlocked, is easily rooted [...] and once you remove the T-mobile bloatware, you'll find more than enough space for all of your apps. You can even tether without incurring extra fees.Unlocking is a bit of a pain. Keep your receipt handy and you will have to fax it, yes FAX to T-mobile along with your IMEI. Alternatively pay $20-$40 to have it unlocked. With this phone, it's as simple as putting in an non-T-mobile SIM card, turning on the phone, keying in the unlock code and hitting <enter>.
i got this phone few weeks ago for $189, tax free on amazon. thanks.this is a gift to my wife. she doesn't need the data plan. so she only use wi-fi for data if needed. so for those ppl who have regular t-mobile monthly plan, when you put your sim card, i believe t-mobile will automatically add the data plan to your plan, you need to call t-mobile to remove the data plan if you don't need it. this is not cool from t-mobile.con, 1, as many ppl mention, the power bottom on the side. i rather have it on top of the phone. but if you are going to put a case on it, that make it easier to press. 2, power run out soon, almost need to charge everyday.pro, 1, wi-fi calling, improved voice quality (still used your mins) 2, big screen, speaker sound pretty good. 3, micor-sd card, can save app to the card. 4, photo quality is good, even it's only a 3.2mb cam.over all, i like this phone. and it's worth the price. rooting the phone is easy, but not necessary for ppl who don't really install tons of apps.
I bought this phone in order to upgrade from the Samsung Intercept from Virgin Mobile, and what a hell of an upgrade it was! It has a nice screen, it's snappy and fast,and ,although Tmobile could do better with service, decent coverage. Battery life could be better but I'm not complaining.
The phone is worth the money. Not as zippy as high end phones and doesn't hangs too often.I am quite satisfied with the features and the connectivity it provides.
Bought this phone as a starter smart phone and so far it has lived up to that. the only downside is the battery life is not that great. my old "dumb" phone had a much better battery life but i guess that is because it did less than what this phone does. happy with the speed and touch reaction. wish the text querty keys were a little larger but love the size of the numbers when dialing the phone. overall, definitely glad i bought this phone and would buy again. now t-mobile customer service, that's another story!
Excellent product!!!, my wife needed a new phone and since she already had a pay to go plan with T mobile I decided to give her a nice gift last mother's day so I bought this phone and she is very happy with it, she's still learning about using it but she is doing great, I've used it a couple of times and set it up was very easy and android OD is great, the touch screen is very responsive and it connects to our wi-fi network without a problem so surfing is a breeze with this phone, so far she likes it a lot and now she is asking for a data plan, well, I think it was my fault after all :D
I have had this phone for a week now and I have experienced only a couple of issues with the phone.1. It starts Vibrating continuously for no reason and the only way to stop the vibration is to switch off the phone.2. At first the 'You got mail' icon at the top of the screen used to disappear as soon as I opened my gmail. But now it is taking a while to disappear.
T-Mobile has brought a great and powerful smartphone to the hands of no-contract customers. The Samsung Exhibit II is a fast and responsive phone with a Snapdragon processor which helps decode and watch HD videos. The phone also contains Android's Gingerbread OS which is fairly recent and can run almost all of the Apps in the Google Play Market. I purchased the phone to replace an old T-Mobile phone I bought about 4 years ago and this was my first smartphone. However, for playing games, listening to music, talking, and texting, and of course surfing the web, it is a great phone! Of course there are cons that I wish would have been addressed. The 3 mega-pixel camera is nice, but for the phone's pricetag (cheap compared to others, but still a big $200), one would wish that it could be upgraded to a 5. Also the lack of 720p video recording is a bummer, the max quality of video for the Exhibit II is 640x360. Which still isn't bad I shoot lots of video and the playback and capture is nice. Photos taken are also crisp and the colors come out well. The front facing camera is a VGA camera, meaning the camera will capture a 640x480 image (About the equivalent of a .3 Megapixel Camera) so don't expect the kind of quality of a iPhone 4S front-facing camera.Another problem that you will face rarely, but trust me, you will face it. Is the problem with the phone lagging through homescreen transitions and sometimes the phone will freeze up forcing you to reboot. After that the phone will work fine and is quickly running smoothly again. And finally the only other complaint I have had with my Exhibit II is the amount of apps that come preinstalled on the phone, also known as "bloatware". These apps cannot be uninstalled from the phone and take up RAM that the phone could use for other things (RAM is basically how the phone handles apps and things, the more RAM taken up, the more sluggish your phone acts). The bloatware is the only reason why the phone gets a 4/5 and not a 5 star rating.Aside from those couple of problems the phone is great. Keep this in mind that practically all phones you research and purchase will have faults and things you don't like. And this phone has very few. Thank you for reading my review and thoughts, I hope it helped in your decision!
I must said I was a little disappointed when I first put my hands on the Samsung Exhibit II 4G, although my previous device was also in the same range felted more "high-end"; but after a couple of minutes I've notice how good it feels in my hand, and how good it looks, the minimalistic design, etc. -but of course I'm not into the look- under the hood this little marvel has enough power to compete with other smartphones way up, even when compared with an iPhone 4, as a matter of facts it has almost the same specs and cost a fraction of it.I have read many complaints abou all the bloatware from T-Mobile, and I must say that is annoying but it can be solved very easy, although rooting and hacking your phone is legal, it voids the warranty
I usually stuck with the contract phones but this one made me think twice. It being a android I heard it was versatile but this thing has a lot of free apps and programs like the Google navigation(since it can be sometimes more accurate than the name brands) which is free. It also has a great camera and speaker phone and great Google voice search, battery life is about 8 hrs with some use. If you use it for like an hour then stop, you should be at 75% or 50% after an hr of use with power-save on it will stay about 85%. Even still it has a power save mode which shuts down small stuff (brightness, Bluetooth, and unused accessories apps)which extends the battery for about an hour to 30mins it depends if you have to use it or not. Cons for this phone I guess would be needs better battery life and it can lock up if you have to many apps or programs running. Even still I paid $201.99 for this phone on amazon and it would have cost me $219.99 at wal-mart. I don't know your area but in mine T-Mobile is 2nd in the area next to Verizon and i have had maybe one or twice of it going to one bar but almost all the time I have 5 bars. In my opinion well worth it.
I received this phone on yesterday, after reading the reviews thought of returning it, I open the box and love the phone. It was due an upgrade to Andriod gingerbread 2.3.6 fix and to rename the handset after upgrading the OS via KIES, the upgrade change the phone from Samsung Exhibit to Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G(it will be known as that in the future)it reminds me of a smaller version of the Samsung Vibrant with gingerbread. I have found nothing wrong with this phone so far. I am loving it so far. The music sounds good it has 5.1 surrond sounds only through the earphones. It has lot of memory, 4g speed works well for browsing. I upgrade the external memory to 16gig via sd card. The only thing I wish is that the screen was a 4.0 or higher but 3.7 ain't bad considering I was using a Nokia 1620. Great phone would have given five stars if not for Tmobile bloated software. I would recommend it to anyone at anytime.
I use this phone for like a month , and finally I decide to use my review . It looks good to me more than the itouch , and it looks good really . Mostly to me the phone is useful , but it has too many apps already inside that I cannot delete !! And somnetimes it will die when I was downloading video , and I cannot leave the page whether I press the start button or go to the home page . I can easily get know all the functions of the phone , the shipping is fast . Mostly I like everything of this phone , but if the seller can give us two batteries in the box that would be much better Y(^_^)Y
This is my first android phone- my last phone being a Blackberry Storm 2. It is lighter weight than the Blackberry, and obviously has a different interface, being a droid. One of the reasons I had to replace the Storm was that it couldn't handle Facebook and social media apps anymore; and it was going to be nice to have all the apps that are available for a droid.My only complaint about this phone so far is that it doesn't seem to have the capability to set tones to differentiate inbound alerts. A text message alert sounds like an email alert.I have a warning for you about TMobile, too. I switched from Verizon to save money, but my text messages are sometimes arriving three hours later. I had been warned about TMobile so, there you go.
If you prefer pre-paid service and you want to upgrade your phone, this is a great phone to choose.It is a fully capable smartphone. You can modify it if you are a techie or have the ability if you do you research.
I have gotten this phone as a gift from my hausband. It is perfect and sweet for checking emails, facebook,GPS and free internet calls. But the problem is its battery. In fact , it doesn't work more than 3 hours and if it is o.k with you ,just go and buy it.
Great phone over all, for the price, battery life is not very good, have your charger ready, or get extra batteries.
The wife loves it. She is never off it and has never complained about it.Wish i got one for myself
very good phone, Very fast brownsing internet and easy to use. If you want a cheap and no contract plan with unlimited data( includes 100 min of talk and 5GB of 4G from T-mobile) you have to buy this phone at Walmart for the same price, not on Amazon. It is very slippery and easy to drop so you need a protective cover to keep it safe. Fortunately, a variety of the covers for this phone are on line for a good price.
I hoped this phone would last a lot longer but it just quit after a year & 2 months. It started turning itself off and I had to take the battery out and back in to start it again. Now it wont even turn on. At first it was great. It was fast and did everything I needed. Then it started getting slow once I got several apps on it. I used it with t-mobile and was able to use all of the features. The camera is really good for close up pics.
Bought for a family member. Very nice android phone with lots of features and pre-installed aps. Notifications a re a little buggy but overall satisfied.
this phone works with all my apps and fits in my pocket easily. It has been a great phone at a great price.
the productwas brand new and the price was outstanding. Really an great buy and will use amazon again to purchase my next phone.
I've already downloaded some free apps and unlike the G1 the battery last longer and this phone has some nice features.
Android 2.2 but cheap enough soI can take it with me in rough circumstances and not worry about it (travel and outdoor sports). Does everything I need but is not a $300 liability I need to worry about.
I love the phone! It has a camera in the front and back which makes it easy to Skype. I love the screen size because it is not as large as the TV looking ones. All the apps work with the Walmart plan which is great! Has many preloaded apps that you can remove if you need, unlike the IPhone. This phone is very fast! Will be purchasing another one.
I saw a review of this cell on you tube, and I liked. Its a good phone, and ease to use.
This Phone is absolutely AWESOME for the price. It has good specs and everything is great. Although the camera is only 3 MP, the quality is actually very nice indoors. I reccomend you get this phone if you're on a budget. It is lightweight and pocket-friendly but not too small. The reason it is 4 stars and not 5 is because the phone lags and at some times becomes totally unresponsive for like 5 mins. This only happens when you have alot of apps open at the same time. But for $200 not bad at all. IF YOU'RE IN CANADA THIS PHONE WORKS ON WIND, MOBILICITY AND VIDEOTRON.
When i first got this phone i was quite impressed, but after a while the phones battery drained FAST when it was only in sleep mode and when it was active i got 2 hours from the battery. True I havent rooted the phone and deleted the bloatware yet but thats because i dont know how to ye. if you know how please comment the answer. Other then that it is a nice phone, nice size feels good in the hand (i have a case on it). the screen is nice. when i add the password (pattern) when i draw it it takes sometimes up to 5 seconds to respond.Over all good phone but needs to be rooted :(
So far, Im really liking the Samsung Exhibit II, used on the T-Mobil "pay as you go" plan.. I got the phone, bought 25$ of minutes, then went in and turned off the "use packet data" feature, so I wouldn't incur the daily "data" fees normally associated with a smartphone.. Im almost always near a wifi, and use that to do all my surfing, updates and downloads.. If Im ever in a situation where I need the internet/data away from a wifi, I can quickly turn packet data on, and do what I need to do via the $1.50 unlimited data per day, that T-Mobil offers.. As for the phone itself, the only gripe I have is the battery.. Seems to only last around 8 hours before it's wanting a recharge, and I use the phone very little.. Hope to look into some apps to help that out in the near future.. The camera is also very good imo, and the led flash is also a nice perk.. Im not the most savy of smartphone users, but from my limited experience I'd recommend this phone to anyone! Especially someone like me who only uses the phone sparingly, yet wanted the technology that comes with a smartphone. Pick up a gel case and a couple screen protectors and your ready to go!!
Bought this phone to avoid extending my T-Mobile contract. I still had a year remaining and wanted to upgrade to a smartphone. This is a great little phone, nice display fair battery life. Well worth the money.
I bought this phone for my wife for Xmas. She loves it, except for a few very annoying and very basic missing functions:When she sets up an alarm clock and shuts the phone down, the phone will not wake up or turn on at all. She has to leave the phone on at all times for the alarm clock to work. It's annoying. We like to turn our phone off at night so we don't get any phone calls. I tried all the possible options I can think of, but no luck. I'm no rookie when it comes to smart phones :) The only other work around is to switch the phone to Silent mode, then it works. But like I said, we like to turn our phones off at night. It works on any of my other phones or any phone I ever had, even a "dumb" phone... It's a shame that the most popular phone OS doesn't have such a very basic function. I don't get it. Also, snooze function could be better too. I have Nokia N900 with Maemo OS, and I love its snooze options, you can either touch the snooze button on the screen, or flip the phone face down if you don't feel like searching for the button when you're sleepy.What she also dislikes about this phone is that it doesn't keep notifying you that you have a text message. It only does it once, immediately when you get it. So, when you're in a noisy environment and you miss that 1st notification, you won't know you have a message until you check it yourself manually. It's very annoying to keep checking / unlocking your phone all the time, just to make sure you didn't miss an important message... A short beep or vibration would be nice. (at least, I can't find the option - anybody?)Otherwise, it's a very nice phone. I just popped my wife's old sim card in, turned the phone on and she was good to go, no issues whatsoever. Call quality is good. Battery could last longer, but that's an issue with practically all smart phones today. Oh, one more annoying thing - when it finishes charging, it beeps loudly, so it wakes you up sometimes.The camera is decent. Good enough for a phone that costs less than $200.Not much else to say, others already did. For less than $200 for a no contract phone that has all the features of a contract phone, you can't beat it. Despite the issues mentioned, she still loves it, and I would still buy it for her. I made my wife very happy.So, just like the 1st review says - Who needs an iPhone?
I was searching for a rich featured Android phone that would not break my pockets. This phone has many of the features of the more expensive Android and smart phones in a small footprint. Going on my 2nd month of use and haven't found a problem yet.- Great pictures- Front facing camera- Tons of apps to choose from Android Market- Light weight and small- Security features that protect my data- Backup contact with Gmail
This is a pretty good phone, got nice features, fast =D it is really phone under 4G coverage however it is under T-mobile which doesn't give good signal at places. Also this phone has a okayish camera quality (only good when it's a close view) also it lags a little bit which causes me to loose my patient, but when this happens you can just restart and it'll work alright
I've had this phone for two months now and I like it a lot. Considering the price, this is one of the best deals out there. That is what warrants the 5 stars I am giving it. However, in an absolute sense it is not as good as some of the other phones out there. So I will focus on some things that are not so good. This is not to put the phone down, because obviously I am giving it 5 stars when considering the "bang for your buck" factor. It is to give a more realistic assessment of the performance regardless of the price.The main issue is that the phone can get quite laggy. Switching screens can take up to a few seconds sometimes. I have tried different launchers besides the Samsung one and they all have this issue. I often manually clear the memory, and this seems to help. However, often I actually have to restart the phone. Note that these issues can arise even when I am using just standard applications like messaging and the contact list. This does not seem to be an issue with the higher end phones, for instance my brother's Galaxy SII.The battery life is not very good. I have to charge at least once per day, most of the times even more frequently. Some of the more advanced features are particularly battery draining. This includes GPS, Wifi, and video calling (using skype). Especially GPS takes a lot of energy and the phone gets very hot after some time. I definitely recommend buying a car charger if you will be using this feature frequently and make sure to turn off GPS when you are done.The wifi connection gets dropped periodically. I used my laptop on the same network and have no problems, so I believe that it is a problem with the phone and not the network. It usually reconnect right away so it is not such a big issue. However, if you are wifi calling (as I have to do since my office gets bad reception), your call will be dropped.The bloatware is annoying. However, I was able to root the phone and remove unwanted programs without any major issues using just basic computer skills. A good thing about this phone is that even though rooting technically voids the warranty, it is cheap enough to take that risk.The power button is right across the volume buttons. When I touch the power button (which is often since it unsleeps the phone), there is a good chance that I will also inadvertently press the volume button. Not a huge issue, but a little annoying.But all in all, I am very happy and glad that I saved a lot of money for a decent phone without contract.Edit:Another minor issue is that certain portions at the fringes of the screen are not so sensitive to the touch. For texting, sometimes I have to press the screen several times to get the keyboard to come up. Again, not a major problem but it can get annoying. Especially when I am trying to text and drive...just kidding.
I love this phone, its a good size , Great camera . Just a little slow but I also dont like that the phone contains little memory so if you like to store memory in your phone you may need to purchase a memory card.
Works great. Bought 1 for myself (2 months ago) and 1 for my wife (1 month ago after test driving it for a month). Decent set of features, great screen resolution (screen size is also just right - the phone in not huge that it does not fit anywhere and not tiny like my old myTouch 3G or Dart). Battery life is very good for a 4G phone (maybe because it's not LTE). Using it with my old t-mobile family value plan - just put my own SIM in there and it was ready to go. We did have to get TPU cases for them since the phone is kind of slippery as others say. The cases though fit well and make the phones look more expensive than they are. Why get an iPhone?
I've been using TMobile Pre-paid for 3 years. It works for me as I don't use my mobile phone often. Having a $100/per year mobile phone bill has been great. I've always thought that I would have to purchase an unlocked smartphone if I want to use an android phone which works with T-Mobile.Phone has its quirks, but for the price, it is quite a deal. If you have the T-Mobile pre-paid plan, I would highly recommend this phone.
I bought this to replace a T-Mobile comet phone, which was ok but the screen was too small. After getting the exhibit, I'm totally happy with the screen size and its power. I would recommend this phone for anyone wanting a entry level andriod phone.
Started with a straight talk phone that advertised nation wide calling. Well if you dont live in a big city you will have no servie at all as i found out. After researching what little info there was, i discovered they use sprint towers BUT only certain types of them not all of sprints! Got a refund on their phone but wasted $45 on their card. The search was on for a android phone that would work everywhere.The T-mobile deal was to good to be true $30 for unlimited text and internet service and 100 minutes of talk time. Now heres the killer deal, it has something called wifi calling. Go almost anywhere nowdays and you will find public internet. Just connect to it and make FREE calls that do NOT count off your 100 minute talk time.TIP: Get a $30 card before you activate phone and do it through the phone. If you call customer service for activation they will tell you you can only do the unlimited everything $50 plan. Also if you ever upgrade to the higher plan, you can not go back to the $30. I would try the $30 and use the wifi calling as much as possible for a month or 2 and see if it will work for you.It looks like i will use less than 30minutes of talk time per month so far. You can not beat this deal anywhere. The phone has everything the pricer androids have and it has as good coverage as anyone elses plan has in my area (rural NC) so far very happy with phone and service!
I got this phone for my wife for Christmas and she loves it! It is her first smart phone. She never wanted one because she hates the size of the phones. She thinks all the new phones look way too "manly" because the screens are so big. She has had an iPod Touch and loves that. This phone is the only modern smart phone that has about the same screen size as the iPod Touch.It runs perfectly well. It is smooth and can run about any game I could find on the market. The only problem I have found is that it doesn't have a huge backing from the xda devs. There isn't an easy root as far as I can find. There aren't any custom roms either. Other than that I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a smaller smart phone with good specs. Plus it is cheap!
Pros: non-contract, great performance for price, good size, light weight, front+rear camera, LED flash, EASY TO ROOTCons: loaded with bloat software from T-Mobile, back is slippery, power button is hard to find and press, custom ROMs are not fully developed (as of Jan 2012, see update)As far as non-contract phones go, this phone has the most power per dollar of any Android phone I've seen. After rooting and removing bloat, it's pretty snappy, but I do experience some lag at times, especially when unlocking the screen. Other than that, it's everything I wanted in a non-contract Android phone for a great price.UPDATE after 6 months: Still a great phone. Custom ROM development has come a long way, as other reviews have mentioned. With a custom ROM it's even faster, but it still lags when unlocking, about a full second from the time you press 'power' to the time the screen lights up, but once it lights up, it's good to go. A basic case solved the problem of the slippery back. I also got an unlock code from T-Mobile, and it's working fine in the country I'm living in now.
UPDATE AFTER 5 DAYS. I have to update my rating of this phone to 5 stars. While it is not a cutting edge $600 (unsubsidized) phone, it is a great phone. Yes, there is some bloatware on it and I really like a larger screen, but it is a solid phone with much to commend it. This is a great little phone. Worthy of 5 stars, even if there are a few annoyances. Considering the price, and the great promo plan price through T-Mobile (5GB Data, Unlimited Text, and 100 minutes talk is the one I use). More on that below.I say "little" because, for me, it is little. I used to have the HTC EVO with the 4.3 screen. I was considering going to a Razr with that 4.6 screen... but went with this because I already have a 7 inch tablet... I really don't need a phone almost as big. Still, this has a larger screen than an iPhone. And it is quite capable as an Android phone.Others have excellent reviews of this phone, so I will look at the plan itself:*************************************************************5GB of DATA and Unlimited Text and 100 Minutes of Talk for Thirty Dollars????Since the online world is a buzz about THIS PHONE and specifically about the T-Mobile's 4GMonthly Plan, let me share my experience with getting on this plan when buying through Amazon:First of all, the date is 1-8-2012 and there is a rather extraordinary cell phone plan being offered by T-Mobile and Wally World...buy one of 2 or 3 data smart phones (such as this one) and get a $30 monthly (no contract) plan that includes 5GB internet data (a whole lot, you won't likely run out)at 4G speed, unlimited data at slower speeds after that (if you do run out), unlimited text messaging and video messaging, and 100 minutes of talk time... all for $30 a month. Now, understand, that low talk time is a killer for many users... some are using an application to talk via the data plan for some of their calling to help that. But if you go over the limit, it is only ten cent a minute after that. There you have it; that is the special Wally and TMobile offer as of now. Many of the Wally Mart stores are sold out of these phones and plans for the clamor for it. But the online community *(and TMobile) was unsure if purchasing this phone from other places would allow someone to get this same deal (instead of exclusively from Wally World). It is to this issue which I now write... if uninterested, skip to the end of review. ***Even though I called before hand to T-mobile to make sure I could get this "Wally Plan" (5GB/$30), upon trying to go online and activate I found out that the phones purchased from Amazon did not qualify. Through very many call backs, I eventually succeeded in getting this plan. However, I discovered afterwards that I didn't need to go through this time and effort. Rather, if you buy the phone from a place different from Wally World or T-mobile, you can simply call T-Mobile and order a $7 SIM card from them...then you will qualify for this special plan. Obviously, verify this for yourself first.Of course, you may not even want this plan. Therefore, judge for yourself what plan you need. The phone (if you understand what you are getting), is a great phone!Gingerbread Android, 3.7" sharp, clear, multitouch screen, Android App Store, T-Mobile extras, MicoSD card slot, Bluetooth 3.0, 1 GHz processor, Wi-Fi networking plus Wi-Fi Calling capabilities, 3 MP camera/camcorder; video chats via front camera; Bluetooth stereo music; microSD expansion; HTML web browser with Flash 10.1; Charger and Data Cable, Cases available starting at 1Cents on Amazon, High Def 720, Better audio than my EVO, and on and on. Now, if you try to compare this (now) midlin' list of attributes to the Motorola Razr or the Galaxy Nexus, well, you are going to dislike this phone. But, this phone will satisfy those who understand what they are getting... in fact, they may jump for joy that they have a non-contract phone of this quality.***I am thrilled that I have a very nice (even though I would prefer larger screen and an LTE network to run it on) phone and a great "4G-ish" data plan at such a price. This phone is very light and the smaller form factor makes it very portable.I have not tried the GrooveIP app yet (to go along with GoogleVoice (aimed at increasing talk minutes by using VOIP calling), I will update if I find a good alternative. So you know, the Wifi calling feature that comes on the phone works, but also uses your minutes. Just installing Google Voice will use your talk minutes too. Not sure why that is, yet...but will update if I find a workable combination.Good phone made great by virtue of the price/performance metric!And hey! I don't have a contract!!!! :) A great deal indeed!
The Exhibit II is a pretty good phone. The picture quality is impressive and I haven't had any big problems with it yet. Here are the issues I've found:- The buttons on the lower 0.5" of the touchscreen are often unresponsive to normal touch - I have to press and hold the button until it detects my finger.- I received a call one time where the phone only vibrated, although the phone was not in silent mode and the ringer volume was about 75%- The phone is pretty sluggish when "waking up" (but then again, aren't we all?)- GPS only works with internet connection (Wi-Fi or 4G, which is probably standard), although the phone settings are set to use only GPS satalites because I don't have data on my planThere are a few issues with the phone, but overall I'm pleased with the purchase.
I had one of the earliest android phones for the last several years. This phone is a big step up. Fast and easy to use.Highly recommend it for someone who doesn't want to spend the big bucks for latest Samsung phone.
The samsung exhibit is a great product. May only two complaints is that i wish it had a newer version of andriod and the performance lags with demanding programs. Overall satisfied with the performance.
I was nervous ordering a phone online, and especially used..but it arrived and it was in perfect condition.I'm very content with this product and would definitely recommend it.The phone is fast and I like everything it offers.
First thing, I love this phone!!! The shipping did not take long about 5 days to arrive from the order date. This phone is incredible. The speed and clarity of the phone is simply amazing. I believe I got the best deal possible for my phone. The only downfall, I had to pay to unlock the phone so that it would accept i-wireless prepaid since it only for T-Mobile prepaid phones (not a huge deal to me, cost me 25 dollars to unlock). This Samsung is the best phone that I have had in years.
This phone so far is awesome.I've only had it for a week.I have had three Blackberrys and this is my first android.Its all been good, its just a whole lot different.Its really a nice size,fits my hand well.I think Samsung makes a pretty good phone.
I've used various Blackberries for the last 8+ years. Most recently I used the Blackberry Bold (top of the line). I was getting frustrated with it because it would freeze up and I would have to restart it frequently. When I tried to go to websites, it would just shut down because the pages were too big.My husband switched first. His old BB Bold wasn't compatible with his work email. He got this phone and loved it! Finally I tried it. It was fast and user-friendly. (Both qualities are lacking in the BB). Plus, the Samsung had so many apps!I had to switch-- I really didn't even have a choice. Blackberry is almost obsolete and this phone had so many features that made the phone easy to use and FUN to use. It doesn't freeze up. It downloads web pages with ease. The keyboard and touch screen are easy to use. If I could give it 6 stars I would!
The Plan - $30 / month, 5gb 4G data, unlimited EVDO, 100 minutes. EXCELLENT coverage in my area. Previously had Verizon and Virgin Mobile, T-mobile fits somewhere in between the 2, not as good as Verizon, much better than Virgin Mobile. the 4G is about as fast as my 6mbps ATT DSL at home, PERFECT for pandora, netflix, tethering (included btw).The Phone - cheap back, everything else is about as good as the Droid Incredible that came out over 2 years ago.This is hands down, THE best prepaid plan and phone you can get right now.
Great phone for the price does everything I need. Has a lot of features I did not consider in a prepaid phone. Touch screen is very sensitive though.
I ABSOLUTELY love this cell. In fact, I'm using it to write this review. I have the Walmart plan( 30$ a month for 5gb data, unlimited texting, 100 mins) and I'm super happy with it! The 5gb data means I can use 170 MB a day! Perfect flexible for Pandora!.However,the battery SUCKS unless you route it and uninstall the bloatware. Hate the keyboard so I downloaded GO keyboard from the market. Love it. Except the battery.
I reviewed this phone several times before purchasing and I already knew Samsungs reputation on stellar cell phones yet was still was sketical on a prepaid phone. Wow! was I wrong! This phone does all that my contract phone does and a bit more for lower the price. (I purchased this phone for my wife by the way)With the right plan you get 4G speeds,depending your area and all that android has to offer.I highly recommend this phone for anyone looking to ditch contract prices.I'm about to purchased,if not this phone but another prepaid for my son.Kuddos out to Samsung though.
Great phone works awesome as described. It came brand new in the box and was easy to set up. Would recommend this phone.
I really like this product! the price in amazon is much chpear than in T-mobile store! perfect price and excellent item. I recieved my package today and I am so excited and satisfiedI :)
One of the best phone out there for the price
Just good
Simple phone. Low Cost. Great options.
Excellent service. Excellent price. Device was like new. No scratches and have not had any problems with the phone. Mailed and delivered as promised. Great product.
i just bought this phone in april and by august the phone shut down on me. no good i would not recommend this phone to no one
The features of this phone meet my needs; its 4G speed makes receiving email effortless, web browsing a snap, and of course receiving clear voice calls. The phone is an excellent choice for anyone considering a smart phone.
excellent
I purchased this because I am disconnecting the home phone sense my wife passed away, and I carry a cell anyway. The money I'm saving I upgraded to T mobile unlimited talk, text and data and I'm saving $35.00 a month now. It's a great phone with lots of apps, plus more to download. I'm new at this type of phone, but I'm loving it. Good speed, great screen, good battery life so far. Thanks Guys.
My son dropped his T-mobile Comet and broke it. We upgraded to this instead. What a good purchase! Samsung does a quality job with their phones. The only snafu is that not all the texts show up. That might be user error or something with T-mobile, so we won't hold it against the phone until we know for sure.
Very easy to use. Good price. Nice features it has just what I need in a phone. I might get another one.
I purchased the phone for my daughter's birthday and she loves it. Easy to configure and works well with Simple Mobile. No problems thus far. Shipped quickly.
I remember few months ago I buy me another PrePaid Smart Phone LG and was with AT&T I turn nuts here, because this phone never worked. I need to call everyday AT&T customer service, is not really good service, they told me all the time take the SIM Card out and put back again.... funny, how often? So this phone is going now.After I read here the reviews about this one Samsung Exhibit II 4G I say Ok try one more time again. Good thing is you choose which service you want and pay this what you need. Setting up the phone was easy, get phone # was easy, get my plan was easy, T-Mobile having very good customer service, and this phone working 100% perfect. Fast, and easy to use.I'm happy with this PrePaid Smart Phone.
This phone is a true smart phone.It's in very good shape, and it's easy and friendly to use. I like it.
After using the Exhibit II 4G for a week, I'm quite happy. Coming from a cheap LG Optimus T (same as V or S), this is noticeable a improvement overall. Faster, more RAM, more storage, better camera, flash, and Android 2.3. After the Samsung firmware updates to Galaxy Exhibit status, everything seems quite good.
Product works as advertised! No complaints here :)
Great buy
good
Excellent !
I got this phone for my first smartphone because that's what all the reviews I read for it said. I read a lot of reviews and I agree with that. After a while I started having to make sure that I turned it off and back on every now and then so as to refresh the memory because I left it on for several days and it got extremely slow. Now I've had it for a few months sometimes it doesn't it doesn't have the fastest response speed but it still gets the job done just fine. $200 seems like a lot of money but that's not bad for paying full price compared to other smartphones that are lots more. Why spend $800 on an unlocked iPhone or similar when it doesn't do that much more than this one? What really matters is where you get service and how strong that coverage is, which depends on your provider much more than it does the phone.
Great reception and sound quality, solid operating system with tons of applications available. Nice screen that's easy to read and operate.
THIS IS A GREAT PHONE AND IT IS VERY CUTE. MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT, COULD NOT ASK FOR ANYTHING MORE.
Pro:Excellent Storage Space (With 2GB mem card)Decent battery lifeThin/compactFront and Back CameraScreen Size makes it ok to use touchscreen keyboardCon:When switching from app to home screen, can be very slow ( slow = 5-7 seconds lag)
I purchased this phone 8 months ago. I was really excited about receiving a mid-level Android phone for so cheap. I used the phone with the stock operating system for 4 months. I hated the phone in the that duration of time. Despite the good hardware, the phone was sluggish and froze on me constantly. I felt like I had a legacy android phone. When you have to reboot your phone 4 times a day to keep it running, you know something is wrong. Then came the revelation: I wiped the phone of its OS/Rom and installed a custom ROM/OS. I put CM9/Android 4.0 on the phone. Guess what? Everything runs phenomenal! My wife has a Samsung Galaxy S2 and my phone now runs immensely faster than hers. I never experience lag or freezes, the GPS works flawless and fast. Honestly, I switch between 10 different apps in a matter of minutes and the phone never slows down. It runs extremely fast! I love it so much and it has now become my favorite phone. I'm glad I managed to save and salvage it because now it has become the gem I truly wanted.
But at triple the price. I got this as a gift for a friend as a "starter" smart phone and he loves it. For the price you can't go wrong. The only complaint is the front facing camera will not work on Skype, it works in every other app, but not on that.
i bought this phone for my wife an he has loved it ever since an does everything he wanted to do i will buy from him again
Ran across this item and could not beat the price, the touchscreen is a bit touchy & do not like where the volume button is as you will hit it all the time without even trying to. but overall, works great. The item was as described & super fast shipping, I highly recommend this seller. Thanks.
this is my first touch screen. im getting the used to it. im really enjoying this. the only the screen is very sensitive.
Very good, affordable and smart phone, bought it for my wife based on my experience with Samsung Sidekick 4G and her disinterest in a physical keyboard. Her phone just works so well and has a bright screen and good battery life, 'tho she does not place as much demands (gps, Bluetooth, etc as I do). She primarily uses it as an e-reader for books. The android phone and our android tablet sync as she switched from one to another to read. She also emails and texts and phones. We both use T-mobile pre-paid and mostly our home wi-fi to keep cost of data down. she has used about $100 in 10 months of ownership, I use about $100 in 3 months by buying 1 days worth of data as I need to travel to non-wi-fi areas or anticipate more than 20 minutes in a day of phone calls.
This phone came earlier than expected and it worked just fine. Like most smart phones, the battery life was bad but for the most part it lasted throughout the day with mild usage. Although the screen cracked upon being dropped, it still worked just fine! Great phone for an even better price. The only problem I had was the phone tends to have a slow performance when the memory starts being used more frequently.
Postscript 12/16/2013: I've now dedicated this handset to car use - both in terms of OBDII monitoring and motion video recording. Additionally, when not in monitoring use, for vehicle location, something Android/Google lets you do. Completely brilliant, it's sat in the frozen SUV, well shielded, without freezing or dying, reporting its location back to Google. This is, admittedly, a specialized non-phone application, but considering the capabilities and the price it is very well suited for that. Love it. I mean, you don't want to take a $500 phone and use it for tinkering, if you're not independently wealthy, but this, I can manage, the ancillary mobile charge is only $10/month.Postscript 9/26/2013: This device/version of Android works brilliantly with the Paypal Here device and application - I understand not all Galaxy's do. The only caveat is that you need to set up the Paypal app with a mobile #/PIN login - a regular login crashes the app. The new version of the Android Device Manager, accessible at the Google site, which can locate, lock or wipe the phone remotely, works with this handset too. GPS works fine, so does Bluetooth, WiFi calling (UMA) works, and I am impressed with the battery life - my Blackberry Torch 9810 doesn't last a full day on 4G, the Exhibit 4G does. All in al, the T679 provides a very stable, manageable, and capable little handset, for relatively little money.Original review 9/21/2013: What with 672 reviews of this unit, you probably don't really need mine, so let me just add why I purchased it, and what I found. I- wanted to get a sufficiently advanced Android device so I could try Paypal's "Here" credit card device;- wanted to learn a bit of Android, having been a Blackberry / Nokia aficionado until now; and- wanted a device I could use with one of my existing postpaid T-Mobile lines.It does all that, admirably. I'll add a postscript as soon as I've had a chance to test the Paypal device, but for now, I was able to pop in one of my SIM cards, and have the thing come up on TMO's 4G (HSPA+) and use its UMA (WiFi Calling). IOW, all good, there aren't any restrictions on the device as far as I can see, it'll use 4G data too, although I have that turned off on this line for now.The Android thing was just to satisfy my curiousity, what can I tell you, it works, I can't quite fathom all of the excitement, other than that you get a gazillion apps, which for those with the time to play must be a Godsend. I like the support I get from Google, including Google Maps with offline capability, and Google Voice, something I've been using for a long time. Am I happy telling Google where I go, what I do, who I do it with, and when? No, so this handset will never be my primary handset, but if that doesn't bother you, this is a very cheap - although as I write this it's gone up a bit from what I paid - powerful, and very convenient, pretty little handset. I do realize it is fashionable to carry a flat screen TV in your shirt pocket these days, but for those not bothered, and for those who already have a tablet and a laptop, this is a nice device. I especially like the lack of buttons on the surround - on my Blackberry and my Nokia, I am forever pushing things I shouldn't. Importantly, this is a brand spanking new, T-Mobile branded, device, with the factory seals intact, and updated to the latest (2.3.6 T679UVLK2) Android version available for it, at a very decent price - mine came from shopcelldeals, can't vouch for other vendors. TMO will even unlock it for you, if you're an existing customer and you meet the requirements, and they provide the warranty and support for it.Enjoy.
Have kept the phone for one and two month. It is a great phone and so many things it can do. This phone is the best [smart] phone I have ever had. I really love this phone and samsung really did a good job for this phone. I would definitely suggest that you get it.
I was also expecting the power cord, but it wasnt included in the description and power cords are cheap anyway.
I got this phone last year for my 17 y/o son for christmas.. He loves it he still has it and it has giving him no problem.
Bought it back in 12/10/2011Right when i got it, had a live chat with tmobile to have it unlocked so i can use at&tthen rooted it using zerg rush method.really like it when it works.. there is maybe 5 to 10% of the time where it would have a small glitch here or there.for most part it's great, and worth the money buying.Battery life is good, last about 2 days with a full charge.I do recommend getting this if you need a simple phone, or a phone that can browse / get online.as long as your not a heavy user, you'll find everything you need on this phone.
Bought this phone a month ago from Amazon. It is a good starter smart phone, functions parallel to the apple phone and other competitors in the market. The upside is the affordable price. The lowside is the not to bright screen but acceptable.I opted for the no contract, prepaid TMobile service. The network service is so far is acceptable. Warning though, to users of TMobile refill cards let the store where you bought the card do the refill job, do not do it at home via online or yourself. You will have error messages like the card no. is not acceptable, problem with the card etcDo not buy your refill cards in small stores like the TMobile branch in Queens Mall, Queens, New York if you live in New York City. If there is a problem with the card they could not fix it. Buy your refill cards in big, authorized TMobile outlets.5x Samsung Exhibit 2 II 4G SGH-T679 Premium Clear LCD Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield Protective Film Kit (5 Pieces)
Good phone use it allot good signal and good quality very advanced and a good price for this item very good
I switched over from my blackberry which has a broken track pad, and this item is great for the price. It is fast and works without an issue, and for the lower price it does not disappoint. I have no other experience with an android phone, but I don't regret switching from blackberry to this phone in the slightest. If you want to spend less and still get a good product, I highly recommend this phone.
I have this phone for 6 months and I am very satisfied with it.I recently receive an update from T-mobile and the battery life improved and does not lagsas much as it used to.Major issues that I had was that I couldn't sent a very long message but I changed a setting andthe problem was solved:settings -> Wireless and network -> Mobile networks -> Network mode -> GSM onlyI like the google maps and GPS and after the update, it works much faster than it used toand I can locate stores wherever I am and use the navigator to go there!!The keyboard screen size is a little bit small but you can fix the keyboard with larger letterwhich helps a little bit but I would have preferred to be a little bit more widerI am receiving and sending emails from my gmail,hotmail accounts and I really love this apps!I can tune my guitar with gstrings :)I bought an 8GB card microSD and I store my class lectures voice recordings and my photos and mp3'sI used pandora to hear music while I was biking and the battery life seems reasonably to me.I am playing angry bird without any issues.The 4G speeds depends on the signal strength some times are awesome and some times are really slow.The wifi thought works excellent and I see my youtube videos without any issues.The weight and size are very practical on carrying it and I can put it on my jean pocket with my keysand doesn't fill like a big phoneOverall I will put 5 stars because for what you pay see what you get and the iphone is an 800$ phoneand much heavier and really fills like a computer this one fills like a phone.
The phone is really good for the price point. However there are three things that are annoying with the phone that other people do not comment on. One is that the text messaging does not work that comes with the phone and you have to download a separate app to make it work properly. The other annoyance is that the phone freezes and resets once in a while. I've read that you can root the phone and after uninstalling the T-Mobile apps the second problem will go away. Lastly 512mb isnt that much memory and unless you know how to clean the memory it may run slow.That said the phone is really great. It is small. I've clocked downloads on T-Mobile as fast as 6-8 megabits per second (depends on where you live). Very customizable and functional. Knowing what I do know now, I would still get the phone as it does get the job done once you download the right apps.I'm sure other apps can solve the problems. These are the ones that I use: go sms pro, Advanced task killer and start up cleaner.
I am a loyal t-mobile customer. I was one year into my unbelievably inexpensive renewed contract when my phone died. Let me go back and say that the reason my monthly contract is so cheap is because I opted to pay full price for phones to roll the savings into my bill. Anyway, instead of looking to buy a cheap used replacement phone, I looked at prepaid options. Amazon had the cheapest deals. I ordered the Samsung Exhibit II. When it arrived, I stuck my sim card in (instead of the prepaid sim), turned it on and started using it immediately. I was blown away by all the features. Wi-Fi calling is the best. I had mediocre signal strength with my previous phone, but when using my home internet I never drop calls. Using the Wi-Fi at home also saves on data, even though I have unlimited data. My only complaint is the amount of bloatware that came installed on the phone. It takes up a substantial amount of space. What I did was purchase a 32gb micro sd card and saved all of my downloads to the card. I also purchased a tpu gel skin case for the phone through Amazon. It offers excellent protection without bulk. Another feature I enjoy is the front facing camera. I skype with family using the camera and my home internet for free! Overall, this is a fantastic phone. I've owned it for a month and it has worked flawlessly.
As a recent college graduate my landscape has been saving money. I got this phone in order to get the unlimited text talk and web plan from tmobile. The phone itself is just as good as any other phone on the market and about half the cost. In addition the phone is wifi enabled which allows it to use a wifi connection to extend its network. I live in a very thick apartment complex and couldn't get service with my old verizon phone, but this one gets perfect signal. The only downfall of this phone is that it's not the absolute top quality like some of the other phones when it comes to the processor and video quality. If that's not your number one priority then you'll be very happy with this phone.
I just about gave up on finding a cell phone and plan that meets my needs and fits my budget. I tried the new HTC Rezound with Verizon, the phone was really nice but Verizon wants an arm and a leg to get minutes, text and web. It came in at almost $90 bucks a month. Sent that back and was looking at a prepaid phone when I ran across this Samsung Exhibit II here at Amazon.I guess it was my lucky day cause this phone is great! Got fast 2 day shipment and activating it at T-Mobile was a snap. Because I was a NEW customer I was able to get the $30 a month plan with 100 minutes, unlimited text and unlimited web. Oh yea, NO 2 year contract! This beats the heck out of those other guys.There is alot of bloatware that everyone mentions but I reduced the number of homescreens from 7 to 3 and put those apps I useon those 3 screens. Also downloaded Juice Defender and Android Booster from the app store to help me with battery and app management. Next I downloaded the Kindle ap and got my books downloaded. Then I downloaded music from my Amazon Cloud player and stored it on the phone.I had a 16gb SD card which I installed and then moved some of the apps to the card which saves space on the internal battery. So far I have no complaints with the phone or T-Mobile. The only improvement I would make would be to move the speaker from the back of the phone to the front.Lastly, I was pleasantly surprised to see a FULL paper phone manual included with the phone.
I got the Exhibit II as a secondary phone. This is a really very good phone for $189.Pros:- Screen size is 3.7". Not too shabby for a sub-$200 phone. It has multi-touch and screen detailing is crisp.- Decent specs with a single-core 1.0 GHz processor and 4 Gigs of internal memory.- Front-facing camera for video conferencing!! This is what sold me on the phone - the ability to skype or video-gtalk is really nice.- Very good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use - I get 30 to 40 hours on a single charge.Cons:- You have to deal with a lot of T-mobile bloatware. Of course you can always root the phone and delete most of the bloatware.- T-mobile may give you a very hard time unlocking the phone as it is not purchased through them. Since I travel overseas a lot I needed my phone unlocked. I have read that some individuals have eventually gotten t-mobile to unlock their Exhibit II after several calls. I wasn't that lucky so I had to go elsewhere to unlock mine for about $25.Other:- If you are buying this phone to unlock it and use overseas, check to be sure your network is compatible- For the Exhibit II we have:2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 19003G Network HSDPA 850 / 1700 / 2100 / 1900- Several countries in Africa and Europe use 900/1800 which means this phone will only get 2g on those networks. I found this out when I traveled overseas. :(Overall, I have no regrets with this purchase.
As with my Android tablet, I fell in love with this Android phone. Before I purchased it, I did some research into whether or not I could still use the phone if I had a monthly contract. And I could. All I had to do was call T-Mobile and tell them that I no longer needed a Blackberry data plan and needed their Android one.Pro's:-It's easily rootable. All one has to do is download some drivers for your computer, some app's, and voila. You're done. In fact, rooting your device is encouraged by many in the Android community; unlike those who own iOS devices (Apple actually frowns upon people who do so).-Plenty of apps that you would find on Apple's devices, you can easily find on Android. For example, Siri. Instead, we Android users have something called Iris.-Unlike Apple products, this Android phone actually has a flash for its' camera. Since I take plenty of pictures, I expect my camera's to have flash.Con's:The one thing that really bothers me about this phone is that I couldn't hear people text me when I had the phone locked. With my Blackberry, it would make a noise. It's not a big gripe since I was able to find an app on the Market that took care of this for me. It's called Handcent SMS in case anyone is interested.Otherwise, this phone is perfect!
Great phone so far after one week, really quite amazing for the price. We have been searching for phones that will switch over to wifi smoothly for talking AND texting, which seems simple but it has not been all that easy. We live outside of any cell phone service area, so this feature is essential. This one works great. We popped in our existing t-mobile sim card (family plan) and it activated without having to talk to anyone at T-mobile. Battery life is a bit short--you won't be able to go for days but it hasn't been a problem.Only other glitch is that the phone will occasionally buzz non-stop if Skype is on and you get a text or something.
This is a great quality phone with a decent screen size. I was initially afraid it might be a bit too small. I went from a 3.2 inch screen to a 3.7 in screen. Who knew half an inch would make all the difference! Although a 4 inch screen would be nice, I think this screen size is perfect. Not too small. It fits great in the hand.Text Messaging is buggy. If you text more than 1 page of text, it gives you an error. Looks like a lot of people have this problem. I've searched countless forums about it. The only way around it is downloading a different messaging app. The only annoyance is that I can set the new app as my default, but I can't change the icon on the dock to go to my app. The dock icon just goes back to the default messenger. There are apps that change your phone screen and it allows you to customize your dock, but I haven't found one that I like yet.Yes, the phone does come with A LOT of bloatware. I read about this before I purchased the phone. I read many forums and a group finally made the process easy. I am definitely new to the whole rooting process. I wanted to root my old Android phone but it seemed so complicated so I never went through with it. For this phone, there are some smarties out there that made the whole process so simple! Very few and simple steps. Download 2 files (USB drivers and the actual Rooting file), set phone to USB debugging, plug it in, execute rooting and you're done! Install titanium back up app, back up all apps (Just in case you delete the wrong one!), delete the apps that are not needed (List provided by the genius root people). SO EASY! I was a little hesitant in rooting because I was a newbie, but it's super easy and simple. The phone works just fine without rooting. It didn't lag or drain the battery. I went a whole day with moderate use during my work hours and heavy use on wifi when I got home. I still had some juice left the next morning. I only rooted the phone because all the extra apps annoyed me. I didn't want pages and pages of apps that I don't use.I'm still under contract with t-mobile but I wanted a newer smart phone. I had an old T-Mobile MyTouch. The very first version of the MyTouch line. I wanted to upgrade to a bigger and gingerbread android phone but I didn't want to be tied to a 2 year data plan. This is a great alternative to very pricy unlocked phones. Plus, when my contract is up, I can switch to the prepaid plan. I don't need data because I'm usually at home or at work where wifi is available so it's great that I could buy this phone, stick in my sim and I'm good to go. The only issue is that if you don't have a data plan you can't send picture messages. I have read this is an issue with Android and/or T-mobile. It doesn't bother me too much because I don't usually picture messageRegarding that other reviewer that said the phone can't get network calls or texts while on wifi, I don't know what's wrong with their phone but mine works great. I was hesitant to buy the phone because of that review. I'm glad I believed it to be a fluke and bought the phones anyway. Network calls DO work with wifi on. There's absolutely no reason it shouldn't. T-mobile told that person the wrong information!This phone is definitely slippery as other have said. The full body skin helped with that (Offered as a bundle from Amazon). Installation was SUPER easy. I like the soapy water method because it's more forgiving when you place it down crooked. Now I'm just waiting for my case from ebay.Overall it's a zippy phone (even before rooting), way faster than my ancient MyTouch running on Froyo. Very few lags and no "force closes." It has the perfect screen size and customizing is so easy. Battery life is great (I was afraid it would be like other smart phones where you charge every 12-15 hours). I am still heavily playing around with it, downloading and customizing, but I would say that I could probably get 2-3 days of regular use. For now, it's what I need for a price I can afford. This is a great phone!
I see this phone as a one for those of us who love the idea of having all that technology in our pockets, but just can't get ourselves to spend hundreds of dollars on a top-of-the-line phone and/or go under a two year contract when plans and deals are changing almost everyday.I upgraded myself to this phone from a T-Mobile (Huawei) Comet, which probably was the lowest spec'ed phone you could get with Android 2.2 installed on it. I used Comet for little less than a year and I got it for 160 bucks - which I thought was a good deal back then, when rest of the options available were at least twice as expensive.Comet was very slow; when I saw Exhibit II for less than 200, I knew it was time for an upgrade.Exhibit II has all the good features that you read on here - which are excellent for the price.Here are the downfalls:1. 1.0 GHz processor is really great, but it is a single core; thus, some (quite little) choppiness or loss of smoothness is observed when you are multi-tasking - insignificant downfall.2. Android 2.3 appeared to me to be less stable than 2.2, as Exhibit II did freeze a couple of times after doing updates or installs and uninstalls. Not that I'm an expert, but I'd say this is expected, because 2.3 is more extensive, more compatible, more versatile. These freeze ups could also be a cause of some on-the-poor-side hardware.. but this is totally a guess.3. Screen is great, camera is borderline good (nothing amazing).. but I'd say, the sound quality is poor, with the most obvious one being the speaker on the back of the phone. It is loud and clear, but lacks depth to the tunes it is playing - sound like cheap laptop speakers as opposed to good laptop speakers. Sad to say (for Exhibit), Comet has a much better speaker (and this is one of the reasons why I'm not throwing Comet away). In addition, I can easily say that the earpiece inside the phone is not a lower-end quality one. The sound is overall is good but just not brilliant - wouldn't expect this from Samsung.Overall, it's a great phone - fast, functional, average up-to-date technology.. but we all know how long that lasts..I would recommend this phone.
This phone is great. If you want to pay extra money for the Apple name that is your choice. However, with Android phones you get the same bells and whistles for cheaper, and this phone is a good example. Mine has been great.The iphone is the most popular phone in its category, but so are McDonald's and Walmart.
Some times I have to tap several times for the keyboard to appear in order to text. Otherwise than that i like it a lot. Very easy to use.
I chose this because of 4G and I like the Samsung products. I do not like the glare in sunshine which makes it hard to read.
This phone is fantastic. I would highly recommend this phone for most people including teenagers as I had purchased for my teenager who absolutely loves it:)
I like my new phone, is not the best in the world but is usefull for what I need .
I purchased this phone for my Goddaughter as a replacement for her existing prepaid T mobile service. All she did was take out her sim card out of her old and into her new phone and now she has her continuing service with Prepaid T Mobile but with an updated phone, Thank you
For 4G, it's pretty good. It's a budget smartphone and has a few issues here and there, but it's better than the Optimus T, lol. Definitely a good buy for 200 or so dollars, and a bargain in comparison to the other phones of its kind.
First of all, I owned iphones since the first generation using att...somehow I can't justify paying $145 per month and chained to 2yr contracts anymore so I decided to do some research. So far, I find Tmobile to be of decent quality as far as cellular coverage it's not Verizon, Att or Sprint but hey they have the best prepaid plans so far if your looking to budget.The reason I chose this phone was that it gave me all the apps I had on the iphone and more (although on an android platform), it's 4G and you can't beat $30 a month unlimited text, 4g up to 5g web and 100 minutes, (5g is more than enough), and NO contract, the phone is lightweight somewhat of a cheaper quality than the iphone, but then again it's not an iphone but functions just as well...the battery does drain a bit faster but you can get the juice defender to save on battery...don't like the bloatware but I saw in other reviews you can root to remove unwanted apps which is nice if the instructions are followed correctly without bricking the phone...I'm a huge web browser and find this much faster (4g) than my latest iphone 4g...maybe someday I'll return to my beloved iphone but only when prices come down and att stops throttling the data usage.Overall, this phone works great and I'm pleased...no buyers remorse here :) and no complaints with the service Tmobile offers so farPS: Gotta love Amazon, free 2 day shipping and no tax..set up was easy online or you can also call Tmobile
4G is very fast & video is HD quality. The auto-rotate while texting is slow to respond,though. Still- a good buy from Amazon.
This phone was purchased for a relative as a gift. I have not received any complaints and the user seems to enjoy this item for text messages and internet connectivity. The apps respond rapidly and have not crashed even when the user is multi-tasking. The display is clear and seems durable since the phone has been dropped on several occasions and the touchscreen is still responsive. The image quality for both cameras is impressive and the audio quality for calls is sufficient for a loud environment. Calls have not been dropped even in poor weather conditions and the battery life is decent for a typical teenager with an active social life. Music plays with Bluetooth connectivity in my SUV and I have not detected any connectivity loss. the GPS is functional and has actually assisted with long family trips so I was impressed with this purchase. I highly recommend this product for social media and photography.
Good phone
I hate huge ass phones this is a reasonable sized smart phone.
very good.
nice
The phone was in good condition and worked well. Easily functioned and just your typical android phone. Good for my younger brothers first smart phone for high school back when we purchased the phone.
Not because the phone itself is revolutionary. It's an average phone if you look at the specs. It's because the phone allows average people to afford a quality smart phone with an affordable plan. I switched from the OG Droid on Verizon to the Exhibit II on T-Mobile two months ago, and I couldn't be more pleased.Mobile phone companies in the U.S. have been fleecing the public with smart phone plans for years. The Samsung Exhibit II 4G, along with T-Mobile's $49.99 "all you can eat" plans (available in both contract and prepaid flavors depending on your preference), represents a milestone that should change the industry, if only more people knew about it.First of all, make no mistake: this is a solid mid-level Android phone at a bargain-basement price. Great screen, great touch screen response, good performance. It's rootable, so you can remove the bloatware (XDA Developers is a great resource -- Google "XDA Developers Samsung Exhibit II 4G root". Once you're rooted, download "Root Uninstaller" from the Market and follow XDA's advice about which apps to remove).Let me briefly tell you our story. My wife and I bought Motorola Droids a few years ago for $250 each (2 year contract price!), then paid Verizon $170/month for a family plan with 1400 minutes, data, and text messaging. When it came time to upgrade, we felt that was too much money, downgraded to feature phones (bought from eBay), and started paying $110/month for 1400 minutes, text messaging, and no data.Fast forward to a couple of months ago. Thanks to this product we were able to buy two very good Android phones on Amazon for under $200 each. Brand new, full price, no contract. We are now paying $100/month combined for unlimited talk, unlimited text, and unlimited data. Yes, Verizon's network is better in rural areas. But if you think about it, who needs to pay $1700 extra over the course of a 2 year contract so you have coverage that one day or one week per year you're in BFE? In reality, very few people.But that's not all. Even if you're in BFE, Wi-Fi is ubiquitous. Many campgrounds have it, all McDonalds in the U.S. have it, etc. This is good news because the Exhibit II comes with T-Mobile's fantastic "Wi-Fi Calling" feature. This means you can use your phone anywhere in the world with Wi-Fi without paying roaming charges. Or, within old metallic office buildings with Wi-Fi where no cell phones from any provider work. Even Verizon can't beat that. I'm telling you, it works wonderfully. IMO, Verizon's admittedly superior wireless network is not worth anything close to $70/month more than T-Mobile's for the vast majority of users, especially when you factor in Wi-Fi calling. Your priorities may vary.In short, this is the best value in cell phones today. You get a mid-level Android phone without a contract for under $200. You get a plan that lets you use its full potential for only $50/month, from a legitimate national provider. You get this for less than many smart phones cost with a 2-year contract.I applaud T-Mobile and Samsung for producing a high-quality offering that makes smart phones accessible and affordable to average people. I hope this becomes a trend with other carriers.
As a student, getting a contract phone is impossible without a credit background. This phone is cheap and you can activate it online and choose a plan that you like (Recommend $30 unlimited Text & Data with 100mins talk) If you're not a talker, this plan is right for you. I ran out of minutes, but additional minutes are only 10 cents per min.This phone was not easy to use at first and is not very universal (Does not support some languages) The typing recognition is very frustrating (Compared to an iPhone). However, if you get used to it after a while, it will be okay and your errors will reduce dramatically (Takes practice). Otherwise, it has a large built in memory. Lot's of preinstalled apps that you can't delete from T-mobile, but it doesn't matter since you have a lot of space. Would recommend to buy an SD card to go with it. Must get used to using Android, for it is somewhat confusing for startup users. Good luck!
I know, I know - all 'droids eat up batteries, but using the phone only, why does the original battery last only a day?! I purchased additional ones, but they do pretty much the same thing. The question is if there is a super-battery somewhere out there to make it last longer.Also, I can't figure out why the screen goes blank during calls, making it frustrating even to find the red icon to end the call. Went through all possible settings but nothing solves this pesky problem.
I am over 50 years old and can honestly say this is a true "smartphone". Everything is pretty simple and I love it. Recently went to the Philadelphia Flower Show and this phone took beautiful pictures. The only downfall is that the battery needs to be charged often so I just make it a habit to carry an extra charger with me at work and at home.Great price for a 4G!
Outstanding
Good phone.
Exhibit 2 is all you can ask for at price <$200. The phone is really fast with 1 Ghz processor once its rooted though. The screen is clear and bright even during mid day, email and messages work nicely with push notifications from gmail app. The camera is ok, both front and back cameras work fluidly during skype chats and music is clear with 5.1 surround sound on headphones. The touch screen is very receptive although at times you feel your don't have the smooth surface to use swype effectively, trick is not to actually clean your screen so often. Browsing is good with Wifi and GPS working great and connect at N speeds if your router supports.One more thing about GPS, you DON'T need to have a data plan for GPS to work. You can pre catch using google maps a certain area of 10 miles radius and use GPS to navigate without data plan, it works. Also you can use all those health and fitness apps (although I recommend my tracks by google) to record the track you run/jog/cycle and then come back home to overlay the map and share. Once again GPS does NOT require data plan.Yes as everyone else mentioned, the available ram is only 356 MB and not the entire 512 MB. If you don't root the phone, there are bunch of apps from T-mobile which will eat up all the ram and usually hovers at around 315 MB, once rooted you really feel the speed of the phone, and ram hovers at 250 MB, ofcourse depending upon the programs you run.
I say almost awesome for my title because of one big issue. The phone even with a 1Ghz processor becomes sluggish when too many apps are used or even one app like the GrooVeIP or GPS or streaming music for an extended period of time anywhere from 30 to 40 minutes on wards. My wife's Samsung Transform Ultra from Boost mobile with just 800Mhz processor does not do it for similar functions. But the issue is fixed after a reboot. Other than this its an excellent phone especially for someone who does not use all the above mentioned apps or uses them casually its an excellent phone. That is the only reason I give 4 stars. I do not get 4G for T-mobile where I live but it works great on my WiFy.
This is my first "smart" phone if that is the correct term for this phone. For the past almost five years I have been using the same old Nokia - which served me well. I wanted another Nokia but I also wanted Android OS, and was told by Nokia that it was not available on their phones. My Nokia was so old that I think it is like the one Elvis used. Anyway, it had a rotary dial.As I say, so far so good. The biggest drawback, as mentioned by many others, is the number of apps icons that need purging - I won't use all of them, maybe three or four. I have had a T-Mobile prepaid plan since 2007, so converting this phone to that plan was not too difficult. My Nokia SIM card was not recognized by the Samsung, for whatever reason, so I first copied my "contacts" from the Nokia SIM card to the Nokia memory. I then placed the Exhibit II SIM card(the one that came with the package) into the Nokia and copied the contact info to the new SIM card. This card was then placed into the Exhibit II and viola! It didn't recognize the existence of a SIM card. What now?After fumbling around a bit and recalling how often I have had to reboot the set-top box for my Fios service, I said, "Aha!" I removed the battery and reinstalled it - We now have ignition. So, I signed up for another 1000 minutes on my plan and I'm good to go.One disappointment - and maybe it's just me - but I connected the Exhibit via the mini USB, to my iMac and the iMac did not recognize the device. If anyone is knowledgeable about this connection, please advise.For now, it looks like I take the phone to work to download the necessary drivers and apps required to "root" the unwanted apps icons as directed by others on this review site.Not having had any other "smart" phone to judge this one by, I think I am going to really enjoy this phone. However, I don't text at all (not yet anyway), and I don't intend to watch movies or TV, but it might be nice to sync with my computer at home, via Evernote, once I figure out how to get it on board.Hope some of this will help others with whatever they are considering in the way of a new phone.EDIT: So far, not so good. I continue to be unable to remove the App icons.....even though I have a gmail account, I can't even download the Superoneclick App recommended here, to root it. Too much the neophyte to know whether it is the phone, me, or the prepaid T-Mobile plan, that is the source of the frustration. The next step is to beg the guys at T-Mobile for direction. So we will remain at 5 stars, for now.And, to the person, JJ, who wants my old Nokia, sorry that rotary phone sold on Creg's List for a song-and-dance.gydancer
Overall its a pretty good phone. before this I was with virgin and had the optimus slider which I liked. The problem with this phone is there tons of junk on it and i can't figure out how to root it. But if I can root it and get all the crap off this phone is great. Anyone have ideas on how to root?
Everything exceeded my expectations except for ..EMAIL: (Main reason for getting my phone)1. Can fetch email every 5 minutes, wow! However, it seems you have to wait for 5 minutes since refreshing the page seems to do nothing! :(2. Sometimes, it sends the same email 4 times!!3. Setting my school email as default:I tried many procedures and they all failed, then I got that by random luck through this method: (not sure whether it always works)I entered gmail data using the link below. On my laptop, my default outgoing account on gmail is my school mail. [...]4. Multiple emails are sent to the addresseeEDIT:This problems arises from the "email" application, not the mobile. Gmail application doesn't have this bugs, et signature does not appear in gmail app.
It has been 1.5 month since I bought this item. It is time to make a fair judgement now.[Appearance]----------------This is good looking device with thin design. Screen size is 3.7 inch.[Usage]----------------Exhibit II is quite light. It feels good in hand. You mostly need to use your both hands to handle because of Android's menu and virtual keyboard design.[Speed]----------------It takes about a minute to boot device which is reasonable I guess. This is not fast device even it has 1 GHz processor. Because processor speed is an illusion in Android devices. Don't get fulled by numbers, just think about what you get. If you compare Samsung Exhibit II with iPhone which has equivalent hardware you will understand what I mean. My conclusion is Android is much slower operating system than iPhone. What you pay is what you get.[Camera]----------------Front cam is an ordinary one that is reasonable for video calls. Rear camera is 3MP with flash support. Photo quality is not fancy but not too bad at all.[Operating System]----------------This device is running Android Gingerbread(2.3.x). Android is Java dependent system which makes it running slow. However it is still better than Windows based mobile operating system. You can experience weird resets sometimes don't worry. There is no news about Android 4.0 update. I guess they may not prepare 4.0 update for Exhibit II.[Connectivity]----------------3G/4G networks are available for internet connection. Bluetooth is available for data exchange.[Software]:----------------t is coming with bunch of useless T-Mobile software. You cannot directly remove them they are defined as system component. You need to root and remove them. You will use Android Market for new software. Android Market is still poor if you compare it with iPhone apps.[Battery life]----------------This part is really crucial. I bought this device to use 4G service. That is why I always enable either WiFi or 4G. Data backup and synchronization services are always running too. Average battery life is 20 hours for me. But there is a significant inconstancy in battery consumption. I usually use similarly each day but sometimes battery is draining in 8 hours, but rarely it is draining in 30 hours. I have no idea about that.[GPS/Navigation]----------------At the beginning GPS signal was frequently dropping but it is quite consistent nowadays. Use Google Navigation software. It is much better software than other navigation software which comes default.[Conclusion]----------------First off all you need to know that you are not buying an iPhone equivalent smart phone. I don't know the whole market but this might be one of the best smart phones in terms of performance/cost. If disadvantages don't bother you too much this might be right smart phone for you.I hope this review is helpful for you.
189. was a good price and this Samsung Exhibit II 4G delivers !I use it 98% of time as a wi-fi device.I have rooted it and installed many apps --- it is nice.Only wish might be a little less height to fit better in my pocket.bill in Boston
This phone works just as described. Super fast 4G but the only negative is that it does not accept my 32GB storage card but I have my 2GB card from my old phone working. It also has not been able to connect to the computer. Other than these two, it is a great phone with super fast internet. It works well with Simple Mobile as well as T-Moblie. I recommend this phone.
i've had this phone for like 2 weeks, and it is amazing! there's only one little problem tho, that when i try to send a message, it usually fails. and it's been doing that a lot recently. maybe it's just my company though. but other than that, AN AMAZING PHONE. TOTALLY WORTH GETTING.
I loved this phone... Then I gave it up for iphone
This was bought for my daughter a couple of years ago when she finally wanted a smart phone. It does everything she needs it for and has a decent camera. It is user friendly and easy to navigate. No complaints.
I actually like this phone. Does the trick for a reasonable price. I havent had any issues with this phone.
Make the work
she love it..
Supper
The phone is not unlocked.. It's locked to T-mobile. It's been a month I have been using it.. It's a mini version of S2, it's obvious that there would be less features than S2 but the look and feel is the same. 3 MP camera may not be sufficient all the times if you are used to 8 MP or so.. it has autofocus which is good. It's T-mobile branded so it has logo on the body of the phone and start up screen along with T-mobile built apps.
Drains battery faster on Wifi than anticipated! To conserve battery, if not in use, you need to turn off wifi option. Nice display, speaker, and speed!!
The Samsung Exhibit II 4G is a great phone. The Amazon price for this phone was 100.00 cheaper than the T-mobile price. I researched this phone and this phone has met my expectations and more. I previously had a Blackberry 9700.The TeleNav GPS app that had a monthly fee is a free app on this phone. Also, includes the Google navigation and maps. So 2 Navigation apps for free.The Voice Search works as well as the Iphone voice search app. The phone is easy to use and set-up. If you dont turn off the apps running in the background the battery will die in 5hrs. So, turn off the background apps, backout of the apps no longer in use. My battery last at least 12 hrs-14hrs.The only negative is , the screen washes out in the bright sun. For the money, and 30-50 dollars a month( depending on the plan us choose) you can't get a better phone. It is a great phone. i just set up Kies air which I can view on my PC everything on my phone, pictures, messages, videos etc. Supports Adobe Flash player which my Blackberry 9700 did not. I could on. A great phone.
Hello all!I am anxiously awaiting my phone's arrival (tomorrow)! I had a couple quick questions right now that you guys could probably answer. I want to use the prepaid $30 plan that walmart offers but you can't get through the t-mobile store...so buying this phone on amazon...do I still need to buy a sim card activation kit or will it come with a new sim card I can use to get the $30 plan? Some people have been saying that you need to buy the phone from walmart to take advantage of the plan - but others say you need to buy an activation kit. I was wondering if ordering a new one on amazon will be sufficient without the kit. Also, on a 100 minute plan, I am worried I may go over, but I was thinking - Skype doesn't use minutes, I can just use the data for that, correct? Sorry if these questions have already been answered - I just want to buy the activation kit online now so I can be ready for tomorrow if I need to buy it. Don't want to have to wait for it to ship here though. Thanks everyone!
Lost my old T-Mobile phone and got this one instead. I love it, light, reliable, great features. Similar phones at T-Mobile store were double and even triple the price.
This phone is great, the screen is big enough and looks really good. The phone feels good in hands, and Android is obviously amazing! I greatly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new phone.
Ordered this phone for my 17 year old son. He was previously on a Verizon plan; basic phone with 450 min (he would use between 1 to 5 min per month, what a waste - it was all texting) & unlimited text. I was paying 62.00 per month with my 22% discount from work for 2 years. Once I was off contract I cancelled Verizon and the search was on. He wanted a smart phone, but I did not want to be tied to a 2 year contract paying over 100.00 a month. This phone is great and the plan is outstanding for someone who does not use alot of minutes, texts all the time and wants all the features of a smart phone.
I have been a Tmobile prepaid customer for about six years now. I use fifty to a hundred dollars worth of time a year. Service was good until I put a tin roof on my house and it blocked the signal. I knew Tmobile let you access their network through a home wireless so I went looking for a new GSM phone with WiFi capabilities. The ones I liked were way expensive without a contract but I got serious when my old RAZR started giving me trouble around Christmas.I found this one on Amazon and started looking at the specs and reading the reviews. I needed a phone with WiFi for the house. I wanted one that would play my music. I wanted one that I could use my existing prepaid simm without buying a data plan. Not as simple as it sounds but this phone performs the functions quite well. In addition I installed SKYPE and it works perfectly in the house. I use a SKYPE out subscription for my long distance calls (I am on prepaid remember and even though the phone connects through my WiFi it uses minutes) and all the long distance calls for a year are $30.The battery could last longer but it is acceptable if I charge it every night. As others have stated the bloatware is horrific and I will fix this as soon as I root the phone in the next few days. This should also help with the battery life.The sad thing is I went to my local world wide everything for everybody department store looking for accessories. A silicone skin, some screen protectors and so on. Not a thing and they sell this phone. They did have two isles of iphone accessories but then they don't sell iphones at that particular store.I am just getting started. I will check back if any thing really good or surprising happens. OH and anything bad.ONE MONTH AFTER PURCHASEI rooted the phone and cleaned up the bloatware. Put in a 16Mb Micro SD and lots of music. I am on a road trip and use the SKYPE for calls anywhere I stop with WiFi. Loaded some useful free apps and a few paid ones. For the most part I mostly use it to make and receive calls but the music is nice when no acceptable radio stations are in my area.
After trying a couple of mobile phones, I decided to go with the Samsung Exhibit 4G. I love it. It arrived in good time was easy to set up. unlike the other two I tried.
Indestructible phone (knock on wood)! I've been using this phone for over two years now and love it. I would recommend this phone to any smart-phone/Android novice
This was a fairly priced good phone that worked as advertised. It was a good starter android phone. The screen is small, but it worked well for the price
I bought two of these for my daughters. I bought the newer version of this at t-mobile. I like theirs better and they were half the cost. The new one with the new OS is SLOW!
Good for many services n apps...did not have any problem downloading apps n programs. The price was also great. Enjoyed it.
The phone works great, came in box and wrapped up like new. For some reason, though, there were a few personal pictures in the phone's Gallery. Nothing obscene or anything, but finding selfies in your 'new' phone is a little strange.Either way, deleted them and moved on. Couldn't be happier with the phone, and the delivery was prompt.
I've never liked cell phones. I avoided getting one for the longest time until I finally had a job that required being on call. My first phone was a basic TracFone, then I used two different Platinum Tel phones (including a touchscreen), and most recently I used an android phone from Chinavasion. All of these functioned fine but were merely that, practical devices that worked.Having become a T-mobile user with my previous phone, I began searching for something better that I could use my sim card with. Happily, high reviews led me to the Samsung Exhibit II.With this phone, I'm finally seeing what other smartphone users have long known: using a great phone is fun! Searching through thousands of applications, seamlessly checking email and messaging, or simply tinkering with the wallpaper backgrounds, I'm hooked!Overall, it's fast, slick, and just feels good in the hands. I'm glad I made the $200 plunge.
I got this phone and signed up for the tmobile $30/month for 5GB data of 4G speed, unlimited text, and 100minutes talk. The $30/month tmob prepaid plan is only for "new" activation and on "new" device. I signed up for Google voice and installed Groove Ip app ($5) to make Voip call over 4g data network (I want to use less than that 100minutes per month allowance).Prior to this phone, I had a LG Optimus T (1st generation) so this is the step up in term of speed (4g data and 1 GHZ processor) for me. Also the screen is a bit bigger and the pictures and color are lovely.The phone is capable for wifi hotspot/sharing, but I'll need to root it (/w SuperOneClick) to get around any tmob restriction regarding to wifi hotspot. I have a wifi tablet and a laptop and I can't use all that 5GB data allowance on the phone.
The mobile is excellent for the price-fast enough for my mobile needs while on 4g-and connects effortlessly with WiFi. One downside is being able to shut off the shutdown tone (was able to download Silent Boot app for booting up silently) and that the mobile won't autostart with an alarm set (found out this was not available on Android OS). Apparently one can root the OS to change the shutdown tone (Linux users will recognise this function) but I don't want to void any warranty at this point.Samsung mobile phones that I have owned have been consistently very good to excellent (the others were Java-based mobiles). Samsung support was informative when I asked them about the auto-start with the alarm.Be aware that this mobile does ship with a T-Mobile activation kit-so one does not need to buy an additional kit. I had contacted Amazon about the activation kit being included when I read another reviewer's post to verify, but unfortunately the chat agent told me the wrong information (said that there was not an activation kit inlcuded). Sure enough, the mobile ships with everything you need except at microSD card (if you want more data storage). However, all was made right, I was able to return the additional activation kit I ordered, and Amazon acknowledged their error in the chat session.
After coming across T-Mobile / Walmart's $30 monthly plan, I started looking out for a phone that can connect on T-Mobile's 4G network. The two other candidates (Galaxy S II and the not-yet-available Galaxy Nexus) are all above $500, and I'm not sure I want to spend so much on a phone. Then I came across this one.It lacks some of the other features I'm interested in. I'd like to have a good camera, this one is about average. I'd like to play with NFC. And dual processors would be nice in some situations. And I'd like to have Gorilla Glass on the front. But I'm not prepared to pay full retail for a Galaxy S II. Contracts don't make sense in my situation when I take the total cost of ownership into account - I don't use the phone enough to justify the price.For the price, though, this is an amazingly good phone. The display is crisp, the UI is responsive. Voice is clear, and it gets better reception than my other phone (a clamshell feature phone). It's easy to root, which you'd need to do if you want to uninstall some of the bloatware T-Mobile put in there. It won't win any design awards, but it looks good. It has a 3.5mm headset jack, LED flash, takes microSD memory. The micro USB port is protected behind a sliding door.Activation was painless and can be done online. The SIM card and all other information is included, and if you don't have the box handy and don't want to remove the battery, you can get the IMEI by dialing "*#06#" - it'a also easier to read this way. There's $3.34 on the card, so you will need to add money if you want to activate the $30 Walmart plan. Getting T-Mobile to SIM unlock the phone, on the other hand, is painful. When I talked to a rep, she told me my account needs to be active for 60 days. I have another T-Mobile prepaid account that qualifies, but then she said that SIM needs to be in the phone for more than a day, and to call back later. This is despite me explaining I paid full retail for the phone.I've not tested the data network too much yet. I'm sure you can find reviews of T-Mobile's 4G network elsewhere. What little I've tried was quite fast and responsive, but then again, I had 4 bars of 4G signal at that time.Battery life was OK. I did not measure it before I uninstalled the bloatware, so I'm not able to state how much of a difference it made. My email client constantly checking for mail probably is not doing battery life wonders either. And I have it connected to wifi both at work and at home all the time.Added after 5 day road trip : you definitely want to pack a charger with you (or a micro USB cable). Even with limited use and battery saving options turned on, it would be practically depleted after 24 hours.Additional update on battery life : I rooted the phone and deleted, among other things, T-Mobile's My Account and changed my Hotmail app to sync only on demand (instead of Push). Battery life appears to have doubled because of that.The only thing that really irks me about this phone is the inability to connect it to my computer. I had to install Microsoft's MTP Porting Kit on Vista before it would connect, and I couldn't get it to connect to my Windows 7 laptop. Both run 64 bit Windows. Some web forum posts mentioned installing Samsung Kies for the drivers, I'm waiting to see if there's an alternative before doing it. You can use Kies Air to connect to the phone. Kies Air runs a HTTP server on the phone and allows you to connect from another computer's web browser (no software install required) over wi-fi to manage the phone, including file transfers.I had a hard time finding USB Mass Storage Class mode until J. Weng helped me out in the comments. Apparently, it is under "Wireless and Network" and is not a permanent setting, but needs to be activated every time you wish to connect.There are a number of errors in the manual. I think one part stated it had 16GB of internal storage. That is incorrect, there's only 4GB of internal storage. The organization of some other parts is confusing, and the section about storage is just one huge mess.It would also be nice to have the micro SD accessible without having to open the battery cover, but it is a small inconvenience.Finally, it would be nice if there are more accessories for this phone. It's still fairly new, but some choices of skin / case would be nice. I did find a very nice case though : T-MOBILE SAMSUNG T679 EXHIBIT II 4G SMOKE BLACK TPU GEL SKIN CASE, IN QUBITS RETAIL PACKAGINGOverall, I'm very happy with the purchase. I'd rate it 4.5 stars if that option is available.
I got mine today. It is an excellent entry level smartphone.Good* competitive price as $200* decent size , not too big, not too small* usually fast and can handle netflix smoothly* Internet tethering is supported by default. no hacking is needed at all.* very good screen for text and pictures* the Android installed has some nice features, like a task manager to show and stop running apps. Very handy.Some noticeable issues for the first day.* the back of the case is VERY, VERY slippery. The worst of all phones I ever had. You have to be very careful when holding it. Maybe it is the vendor's intention that you can drop one dead on the ground and buy another one. For now, I applied some black tapes on the back. It is a little better.* I can notice occasionally lag when flipping screens. It is strange considering the 1 GHz processor it has.* The only way to active the screen is trough the power button. It is little annoying since you have to hunt for the power button. I wish it had a physical home key which could active the screen. There might be another way. But at least I don't know yet.* T-mobile's 4G network is slow in my area. I can only get a few hundred kilo bps (less than 1Mbps!) most of the time.* Battery life is a concern. I may have to charge it daily to be safe.Updates after a few days of use.-----------------* camera: the shut lag is very bad. I thought autofocus was a good feature. But it takes 2 seconds to focus. Only good for shooting stationed objects, not for shooting anything moving.* video recording is impressive if you just watch the results on the phone. But uploading it to youtube will lose some quality. Very frustrating about this. Hope there is a way to upload video with its original quality.* The speaker's quality is worse than the T-mobile Comet's speaker. Playing Pandora gives me some high pitch noise. Tolerable but unhappy about this.* For me, there is no choice of $30/month for unlimited data and 100 minute talk from the "My account" app of the phone. Not sure if T-mobile dropped this option or what. I do see the choice of $30/month 1500 minutes or messages.* T-mobile's $3 Daily unlimited voice,text and data has some gouging trick. With a payment of $3, I switched my plan to it from as-you-go-plan at around 2pm on one day (Day-1). T-mobile started to charge me again for the next day (Day-2) at 11:45pm , without waiting for 24 hours at all. I also tried to switch back to pay as you go around noon on Day-2. The switch becomes effective immediately, forfeiting all the rest of Daily Unlimited Plan from 12pm to 12:00am. So in reality, I paid $6 for less than 24 hours (from 2pm on the first day to 12pm the next day). Be aware of this kind of trick played by T-mobile!----- update 3 ---------I changed my rating back to 4 star after realizing the screen problem is not an issue. My first impression for its picture display was wrong.I am keeping this phone. It is enjoyable to use it overall, except for the low quality speaker.
arrived as stipulated in a super excellent condition.. best phone ever.. it was a pleasure transacting with you. i highly recommend this buyer and phone for other people out there wanting to make an easy, stress free, and self satisfying business.
I had recently had HSN Samsung Dart Deal and I didn't like the features not that the fact that I was paying for 4G service and the Dart was only 3G. Now with the Samsung Exhibit II 4G you can really see a huge difference. Much better Smart Phone and it's not running the old Android OS 2.2.2 Froyo like the Dart is but this one is Android OS 2.3.5 Gingerbread. Switching over to this phone was a piece of cake. Call T-mobile from the Dart and gave them the IEMI # off the box of the Exhibit II. Ended that call remove the SIM card from the DART into the EXHIBIT II. Added 16GB Class (4) MicroSD card at the same time. That's it. Excellent Smart Phone.Pro:3.7" VIS1 GHz MPU Speed512 MB RAM (3xx really free) Real over 150MB)4G SpeedsWiFi 802.11nFeaturesCon:Color of the back panelTouch Screen Lags a bit (random)Update 5.4.12I've got my Rooted and Overclocked 1024GHz over 768MHz been very stable so far. Run Adfree (kill those ads) Run other rooted apps to improve the speed and performance. Not a bad Smartphone even with the stock ROM Rooted is the best way to go. This way if you ever need to pay the T-Mobile Corporate Store a visit you can. Right now even since when this one was first release I've had it since 11/11 it's still has it's moments. Takes sharp pictures with the back camera which has a flash. I've done skype with better than I've hope. Game play is okay the screen is only 3.7" but sure better than my old dart was at 3.2". Would be nice if T-Mobile gave us some more higher end phone choices but not to take us to the cleaners to do so.4G the phone stands out from the rest. This is a really good phone to get. Seems to be sold out a lot in Retail, so that's why I had to get it off Amazon back then.
Let me start this off by saying I'm not someone whom normally writes reviews on Amazon as when I buy stuff, it's generally things that people aren't on the fence about. However, I decided to go ahead and write a review to strongly recommend that you consider the Samsung Exhibit II from T-Mobile. When I read the PR from T-mobile about this phone, I got really excited that finally a GOOD smartphone was coming to the prepaid lineup at a reasonable price. I placed my order the day the phone came out and received my order on November 4.Screen Quality --- I think the specs are not quite as good as some of the top of the line models, but they're incredibly sharp and pretty dang close. It's incredibly clear and leaps and bounds better from the earlier android and iphone screens. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. Text is smooth and crisp.Phone calls --- Sound quality is excellent and sounds like a landline using T-Mobiles free wi-fi calling app. It integrates seamlessly with the phone and elects to use Wi-fi if a good signal is available. If not, it'll switch to the cellular network. There are no apps to install on the device or on your computer/router. Like I said, very seamless. Also, phone calls over the cellular network sound excellent as well.Text Messages --- Typical Gingerbread text message interface. The phone comes with swype which I had never used before, but have since become accustomed to and am thrilled it came preloaded on the phone.Memory --- The memory is a bit shallow. The specs say it has 4 GBs of memory though I have about 1 GB of USB storage and 1 GB of onboard memory. I don't know where the rest is though it could be used by the Android OS. Honestly, I would consider it a non-issue since you can get a Name brand Class 4 32GB microSDHC relatively inexpensively. I certainly have the option to upgrade the memory at anytime. Also, I have installed every app I can think of that friends have/use as well as several Amazon free apps of the day and I've used under 1/3 of the 1 gb system memory available. With the Amazon Cloud music player, it makes the total storage on your droid phone a non-issue since Amazon lets you upload unlimited music to their cloud for free. Then, you can stream it to your phone for free. So, I could have 200 GBs of music on my Amazon Cloud and this phone could play it all perfectly without the need for tons of onboard memory. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, there are several free radio Apps that I found on Amazon that are free and stream thousands of stations.Battery --- I've been getting about 15 hours of usage out of the phone and keep in mind, this is my first smartphone so it's still fun to play with. I don't have the screen brightness maxed out, but it's definitely bright and good enough. Also, the nice thing about buying a non-Apple device is that it has a user-replaceable battery. I found a generic replacement from Amazon relatively inexpensively. So, after a year of charging and uncharging when the battery begins to age, I can buy a new one and it'll be good as new.Overall, this is a great phone for the price. It's honestly not as snappy as a top of the line, dual core smartphone, but you're also not paying the price of that new phone either. It's still fast enough to handle every application I've run on it. But, I do have several widgets and services running so I know that I'm taking up ram and CPU power doing that.
Bought mine over a year ago. Best bang for the buck. Great specs. Has performed admirably.Carrier unlocked; now using it on Net10 BYOD At&t $45 monthly with full 4G speed. (Tmobile didn't have coverage outside of the city.)Rooted the phone and updated the ROM to Peach Sunrise 3.01, added DroidWall (firewall) and SetDNS (Google dns) to enhance overall performance.Netflix works great. Flash works great. Stock browser is very fast and smooth. Screen is bright and vivid. GPS works great. Love the camera.Battery life is fantastic, 3d 18h 32m 57s with email push active. Much less if you install other apps that run in the background constantly updating such as facebook or weather, etc. Great talk time, but make sure to plug it in when using GPS in the car.DO NOT INSTALL TASK KILLERS! Remove, block or freeze is the only way to go.
Been using this phone for 3 months. It was an upgrade from a smart flip style. The phone will do more than I will ever learn as I'm not very technology savvy but do a lot of texting & it even works great to make calls! If you're shopping for an advanced phone but not ready for an iphone, this is a great phone. Seems more advanced than the geriatric generation would be able to handle but is great for someone who has a little technology background. Which means buy one for your teen, young adult or all the way to someone who's cruising through life in their sixties; the price won't break the bank & it's still a great phone.
I love it so much, I bought my wife one for Christmas. She is going to tackle the transition when my daughter comes by for New Years Day.
I normally dont leave reviews but htis time i have to say it is a great phone. responsive, fast and ready to use rightout of the box
A great phone to start with took me forever to crack the screen. Isn't meant to have a lot of apps on it low RAM just a simple little phone like a mini Galaxy S.. not mini S2 at all. It slow down when too much is running and will eventually power off and restart if too much is running along with over heat. Know it sound bad but this isn't a "high end" phone.
It's really a very good phone specially for the price but one's your phone gets loaded it starts to freeze but except this it's a wonderful phone.
I love the phone the screen brightness it really surprised me and screen was very crisp no lag.. until I downloaded like 13 apps at a time then tried to play a 50+ MB game lol best phone I ever had my last smart was a HCT Hero it was ok but the samsung had more storage if your downloading a lot it least get a 8Gb micro I ordered a 16gb cause I love to download new games some apps to but some games can take 2+GB games so buy a good size MicroSDHC card this product come 2 day shipping very fast shipping was very Happy:)
I LOVE IT)))
I purchased a used one and it's been working great. I had it for more than 2 years and had no complaints. Great phone.
I bought 3 of these and they are great phones. I used one prepaid T-Mobile card on each one as they were purchased, then I unlocked it and signed up with PureTalkUSA. Unlocking was completely painless (which is the main reason I bought a 3rd one). Now I have unlimited talk and text plus a second account for a total outgo of about $40 a month. I really like the Android operating system and the phone is tough and attractive. It's a bit small if you don't have good eyesight and at times my big hands miss the icon I'm aiming at.All I have installed is the Amazon Store app and Amazon mp3 player, Opera Mobile browser, NQ Mobile security and an improved file manager. I installed SanDisk 32GB SD cards in both phones; just pop them in and boot.The only real downside is the bloatware. Sometimes I fill the memory and most of it is bloatware. Clicking the NQ Optimizer button clears enough memory to continue using the phone, but shutting down the bloatware does no good; these useless apps just start back up. If this problem was just a little less severe I would just live with it, but it looks like I will have to root all three of these phones. The bloatware just doesn't leave enough memory for the average users needed apps.Update: I have now unlocked and rooted this phone; both operations are simplistic if approached correctly. Unlocking is a snap and rooting only has one pitfall. Don't try to root with the one click applications; I tried that way and after several attempts overseen by the software authors (and installing a lot of java ME libraries on my laptop) we all gave up. The easy way can be found documented on theunlockr dot com site. The biggest gotcha is that clockwork mod must be installed *first* (cwm.6012.t679.zip). If you do that and then install root (root-stock.zip) you are rooted. NOTE: reboot as soon as you are rooted and then run a root checking program (there is a good one available here on Amazon (Root Analyzer). For about $7 you can then purchase Root Explorer and upgrade Superuser to Superuser Elite and download Root App Delete on Google Play. Root App Delete is a great application for uninstalling bloatware; the apps are listed as Unknowns (user installed or bundled popular apps) which can be safely uninstalled; operating system apps and kernel modules are listed as such (leave them alone, NOTOUCH etc.). I also run RAM Control Extreme; note that this app needs to be configured not to kill things while you are using them, but when configured properly it will clean things up in the background without even bothering you (I configured it to run every 30 min.). I suppose these modifications carry some risk, but nothing bad has happened to me and I see lots of similar testimonials out there.With about 2 hours work I was rooted and another hour of uninstalling and my memory stays about 49% used if controlled by a good Android Ram Manager (was as much as 90+ percent used before and most of it bloatware). The phone boots faster and runs faster and the changes are transparent. I lost no functionality. Better yet I can now use apps which require root access.With a little work and a little additional expense I now have a phone that cost about $200 that is (at least) equal to the $600 "Unlocked International version"). With a pocketful of sims I can use this phone anywhere in the world. This phone is a great buy compared to the price of competitors. Recommended.Update: I have flashed my personal T679 with Cyanogenmod and like this phone even better. I overclocked it to 1024 MHz (stock is a little under 300) and after about a week I hit the right combination of hot temperature and working the phone to cause it to hang once. I dropped it back to 806 MHz and after 3 weeks still no problems and I work this phone as hard as some people work their tablets. The obvious tradeoff is that the battery drains faster with it overclocked. For me that isn't a problem; I have chargers everywhere (desk, pickup, bed stand, etc.) and I work it most of the time plugged in. I am a little rough on my phones no doubt in the same sense a racer is rough on his wheels but that's what I bought it for.Cyanogenmod also has much better memory control built in. It is just about perfect for me now; liking it better all the time. Glad I bought these phones. Recommended.
Lets be honest, the 1 star reviewers have to have something wrong with them to rate this phone one star.This phone and plan is amazing ($30 100 minutes). You get the phone and simply go on tmobile.com to activate it. No walmart or anything. It simple. I get 4g ALL The time, and its so fast.Honestly I cant think of any cons except for the battery life. I usually charge it overnight then I have to charge it in the evening. But all in all this phone is great.And did I mention i rooted it? Got rid of all the useless apps. Speed is niceewaiting for the CM 9 to be released!
Very Nice phone, however I think its a bit overpriced, considering its a very small phone.This might be an excellent purchase for a teenager, or someone that does not required to do mant activities at once.
Previously, I had a Moto xt720. I paid close to $500. Up to now with upgraded firmware, it has numerous glitches. I sold it. I decided to find another android phone but not so expensive. Also, any type of iphone was out of my price range.This was a great buy for $200. I have been hunting for a long time for a cheap but usable Android phone (i.e at least 1 ghz). The only options before this for the Galaxy S and HTC HD2 (I only go with HTC and Samsung) which were over my head in price. To be honest, I really didnt care for a powerful phone as my ipod touch 4th gen does the job for apps quite fine.I got a Tmobile sim card but is no use as I live in the caribbean and just unlocked it anyway for $25Pros:-The screen is comparable to the iphone's retina display and it is 3.7" which is a plus. Touch screen is quite responsive except for small buttons sometimes.-Battery life is more than a day. (moderate wifi and calls connected to 2g only)(no 3g available here)-Camera is quite fine for random pictures, barcode scanner etc and includes a handy LED flash.-Includes a power saving mode which can be enabled at set battery percentages.-As usual, all the quality features of Android 2.3. (Hope to upgrade to cyanogenmod 9 or official 4.0 in the future)Cons:-The power/sleep button is on the right side of the phone. This can take some getting used to.For $200, you just cant go wrong
I just want to replace my basic cell phone, but I don't want to be hooked up to monthly plans, the most important things I needed are just voice and wi-fi functions. This phone has both so I bought it. Not so good: the camera is so-so, pictures are not so good and not very easy to use, and the battery life is not very impressive - I need to recharge every night. But given at $200 you probably can't ask for more.
*** UPDATE ***T-Mobile updated the firmware on this phone to Android 2.3.6. The difference is huge! My review below reflects on my experience using Android 2.3.5. Most of the issues have been resolved. While the phone still lacks memory, it manages it much better now. Instead of running out of memory and crashing all the time, the phone will now close unused applications before that happens. It also feels much snappier overall. For some reason though, the phone had somewhat better reception using the old firmware, taking off a star.*** END UPDATE ***The Samsung Exhibit II 4G could be a real game changer for prepaid phones. Unlike almost every prepaid phone out there, it has a high resolution 480x800 screen, runs Android 2.3.5 and has a fast 1GHz processor. Alas, Samsung did not want this phone to become a viable alternative to its far more expensive Galaxy S line and equipped this phone with not enough memory to truly give you all the benefits of a smart phone.First off, there are many things to like. The screen is bright with vibrant colors and crisp text thanks to its higher resolution. The included 3MP camera makes great pictures, comparable to regular 3MP cameras back when they were popular. I especially like that the phone does not compress the pictures too much like many other phones, leaving the pictures largely free of visible artifacts. I had a 5MP Nokia with Zeiss optics, but the pictures on this 3MP phone look WAY better. The reception is also excellent, even in difficult locations, such as on the Staten Island Ferry. This phone does not lose signal for the duration of the trip, unlike some other phones. Don't expect good data connection though when the signal is poor. Finally, you can use this phone with any T-Mobile sim card. T-Mobile offers discounted plans if you don't require a subsidized phone. This prepaid version costs much less than MSRP but will still work with your existing T-Mobile sim card.Sadly, the phone also has some major drawbacks, the biggest one being a lack of RAM. The phone advertises 512MB of RAM, but only 356MB are accessible. Preloaded and system apps take up the bulk of available memory, leaving you with about 100MB of available RAM, give or take, at any given time. If you like apps, that's not enough. Many apps, including the most popular ones like words with friends, install services that run in the background. They can use easily 6-40MB each. Download 4 Zynga games and you are out of RAM. Once the phone runs out of RAM, it slows down and crashes. Forget multi-tasking. The app widget which lets you close applications and free RAM will become your best friend.You could root this phone and remove some useless T-Mobile apps to free up some RAM but that would void your warranty and probably not help a whole lot. If the phone had 1GB of RAM, it would have been perfect.Overall, this can be a great phone if you want a smart phone but do not plan on installing many apps. If you want a phone that can truly take advantage of a high resolution screen and a snappy processor, this one is not it.
I am enjoying my phone (the samsung exibit II 4G) so much that when I told my daughter about it she wanted one too so, this one is for her. Hope she enjoys hers as much as I do mine.
I got this phone to use on the straight talk network and it works well. You do have to get a sim card from straight talk to use it on the network and they cost about $15 dollars. I will have to say that they do come with a lot of apps and I have downloaded some also so the battery life is not as long as I would wish but I just recharge it and all is fine. I highly recommend this phone. On the straight talk network the cost is $45 a month with unlimited talk, text, and internet I am over the moon. I even downloaded words with friends so I am always hooked up. For the money a great phone.
Great phone for the price!!! No contracts makes it even better.... does not feel like a cheap pre paid phone!
I absolutely love my camera. It works very well and almost everything I hoped for. Only two problems I had was it has no zoom. I saw in the product description it was to have x3 zoom, and it does NOT. I even spoke with Samsung and they confirmed it. Also, I was under the impression that I could get the $30 unlimited text and web with 100 mins. I was wrong. That card is ONLY available if you bought the phone through walmart. So now I have to do the $50 one, or only have 30 GB of internet. Other than those two, I love the phone and would recommend it. Only thing I would have done differently was spend the extra $20 and got it at walmart instead.
The phone is great. I love it except it does not have the same feature of my old phone did like the different call log. It does not have out going, missed, and incoming call, they are all in one call log. Besides that the phone is great and fast. It is great to invest your money in, and it cost less than what T-mobile store is offering. Yes, I would recomend this phone to anyone who is intrested in.
For the price, this is a fairly decent phone. I switched from Blackberry, so I miss the physical keyboard, and small size of my BB.Size: As Android phones go, this phone is one of the smaller ones. It is almost the exact same size as the iphone, and even has a larger screen than the iphone. Screen size to phone size ratio is among the best around.Weight: AverageSpeed: Web browsing is fast. The phone sometimes takes 3-4 seconds to load the page with my corporate email - seems like a long time when you are staring at the screen. Other than that it seems ok.Battery: Terrible. But as I understand, all newer phones are like that - wish they would take a page from Blackberry and get a clueInternal memory: I've downloaded a few apps and seem to have more than enough memory left.Software: Phone installed an update the second day I had it, so it runs Gingerbread. It came with all sorts of preloaded software I don't want, but since I seem to have plenty of memory left on the phone I'm not worried about it.Other: You have to download stuff and tweak settings to get it to do what you want, and it does not always comply. I'm usually quite technically adept, but I set this thing to receive push email, and now for some reason it is not downloading new emails from my gmail. So there is some setting messed up. It is not like a blackberry, where everything just worked, but I think that is Android, not this particular phone.Accessories: Phone did not come with a memory card, but has alot of internal memory. Came with a USB cable and with a very nice (very small) wall charger, and a SIM card.Delivery: Took Amazon 5 business days to get the thing out of their warehouse - it just kept stating status was "shipping soon." But once it shipped, it arrived in less than 18 hours.7/21 EDIT TO ADD: I am using this prepaid phone on a regular post paid TMobile plan, and it works just fine. Just put in my own SIM card, called TMob and asked them to change my plan from Blackberry to regular data (no cost difference on my plan), and it works. This was the least expensive option for me; TMob wanted $329 to buy the phone outright from them; Amazon was $189.Edit 7/21: Have had the phone a little over 2 weeks now. Battery life is MUCH better if you physically turn off the device each time you are done using it - press button on upper right side. I was not used to having to do this, as my Blackberry either turned itself off, or somehow did not use as much power. Physically turning it off, I can get through a day on the battery. Part of saving battery life is setting display brightness to about 5%, screen time out to 1 min, and touch key light to 6 seconds. The 5% brightness is more than sufficient inside, but I cannot see the screen when outside. Will have to find an app that adjusts brightness when outside. Also, this particular android model has no LED light, so the phone lacks the visual notification that there is a new email or voice mail (ie like the BB blinking light). I solved that by downloading an app called "NoLED" which is terrific, and even shows the time on the screen. I'm getting used to the size of the phone; it is not as much of a problem as I anticipated, but still larger than my BB Pearl. Other issues are all Android issues, but I'm getting used to them or solving them. Gmail problem is solved, and a free app called "SMS Unread" can be downloaded and configured to show the number of unread emails in each gmail account.Update 12/22: At the five month mark, I'm reasonably satisfied with this phone. Biggest complaint about this phone is it's ridiculously terrible battery life. I think this a shortcoming of non-Blackberry phones (ie all Android & Iphones) and not this specific phone. A colleague who went from Blackberry to Iphone has the same problem. As a result of the poor battery life, my screen is set to the absolute lowest brightness, so I can't see anything on the phone when in the car or outside (anything subject to natural light), which is the second worst thing about the phone. I probably use less than 45 minutes a day of cell, and check it occasionally; battery really should last longer and allow for brighter screen setting so it can be seen in a car. Third on list of gripes is that it is not as fast as my friends Iphone5, but it is not a $700 phone either. I'll keep the $520 I saved and wait a few seconds for the phone to respond to certain commands. I'm told this is because the memory is filling up; I'd like a way to get rid of all the preloaded programs for which I have no use. Rooting will do this, but the root procedure for this model supposedly breaks it's ability to call 911, so I'm not interested in that.On the ok side, the picture quality is better than my BB, not stellar, but not bad enough to change phones. Seems lately to have developed a problem connecting via USB to the computer to download pics, but that might be Android, not this model of phone. I've also had an issue where I try to dial a number and it immediately disconnects. I pull the battery and let it restart and everything works fine. I don't know if this is caused by the phone, the OS or Tmobile.On the plus side, I've dropped it numerous times and the screen does NOT crack like iphones do. I find this one of the major advantages. The other advantage that I LOVE is the TMo Wifi calling - as long as I have a wifi connection, the cell part of the phone makes and receives calls regardless of the strength of cell coverage. Third advantage (silver lining in the cloud?) is that even though it does not have a hard keyboard (which I miss), it comes preloaded with "swype" for entering your text/numbers. This works pretty well, and makes entering text bearable, and apparently a feature like this does not come preloaded on iphones, because a few iphone users have marveled at this feature. I have no issues with sound quality on the cell, both regular and on speaker phone, and internet connection seems to work at a nice clip. Web pages are displayed crisply, so screen resolution is good.Overall, I'm pleased with the phone and pleased with the price.
i really like it and it was a nice sturdy package when i got it.the phone can freeze up sometimes which is annoying but i just got it like 2 weeks ago and it hardly freezes.it does not feel cheap one bit it feels like glass and steel. so yah it a cool phone.
The Samsung Exhibit II is a solid and attractive upgrade phone for pre-paid users. Like many, I started out using a low-end LG Optimus V on Virgin Mobile, but soon tired of the slow data and bloatware of the phone. Looking around T-Mobile's Monthly 4G plans were 5 dollars cheaper and twice the data cap (2.5GB versus 5GB before throttling kicks in). HSPA+ was also amazingly fast - at least 3x the average speed of VM's 3G. But the problem was that T-Mobile's 4G Phones are pricey, even for the up-front cost that pre-paid users expect to shell out to get to a new phone. Looking around, I discovered Amazon was selling them for much less. The reviews seemed pretty positive, so I took the plunge and was glad I did. Although many of us dream of picking up a top of the line HTC or Samsung Galaxy, this phone was a big upgrade to my older OV. A larger and higher-resolution screen, much more responsive just in terms of scrolling and launching apps, and I wasn't constantly watching my disk space when loading apps because of the generous 4GB onboard storage. I did add an 8GB MicroSD so I could easily carry around my music and videos. Overall, I'm pleased with this purchase - I just wish there were more accessory options for it like a good Otterbox case and clip, but for under USD200, you can't beat this phone as a good mid-range Android.
My wife and I finally switched over to the smart phone Technology, me 4 months ago and got same phone for my wife last month.After a couple of months of reviewing and speaking to friends and family, I decided to get the Samsung Exhibit.I bought mine through T-Mobile (just under $300.00). And wish I had waited. Got the same phone (new) for 129.00 at Amazon. Very happy with this phone. Still learning how to use it. My wife likes playing games on it and just started to learn how to text.Thank you Amazon.Rudy
I just got this phone. I had my other one for eight years and needed something easier to see for texting. I'm still learning how to use many of the features. I love this phone and recommend it. I also got a good price for it on here also. (Amazon) Thank you. hartmbc3
I bought this phone for my mom to replace her old flip phone. It's simple, very easy to use and great quality. She loves it and couldn't be happier. The camera is pretty good. We also are using the phone with a simple mobile SIM card which uses the tmobile towers. If you are looking for a simple smartphone that's inexpensive - this is the purchase for you.
Really like the phone, easy to handled once I learn all the gadgets. Love it. Will recommend it to others.
I got my phone a day before the expected due date. I was really glad I did because I needed it. When I opened the box I was a bit surprised because the exhibit 2 was black and the ones before I had were blue. It seemed to be a better upgraded exhibit 2! It is a bit faster and has a non slip feature around the face of the phone. Bonus I actually got Samsung earphones in the box! (Every time I got a phone, it was just the phone and charger)Very happy and would buy again!
The product was everything as advertised and then some. Came with every item listed. Also came with earbuds that I assume were extra, but they were very poor quality and unusable out of the box (scratchy noises when used). Because they were extra I did not ding the rating as everything else out of the box was great.
The Galaxy T679 was perfect for my middle son! It seems the kids today care more about cell phones than they care about their school work! It's was a good starter phone, Thank You...
This was an inexpensive choice that has fulfilled all of my expectations. Purchased an additional item for my wife, she would give it five stars...
Works with our existing T-Mobile plan. Just took out the card from my wife's old phone and put in here and no new contract needed
The Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G was my first smartphone. I used it for about a year before my needs (use it for my work) outgrew it's capabilities and I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy Note II, which I LOVE. I was maxing out the storage capacity with apps and photos on the Exhibit 4G, even though I used an SD card, it started getting a little glitchy and needing me to frequently clear cache, etc. So, I gave the Exhibit to my 13 yr old daughter who appreciates the front facing camera and is satisfied with it for texting and social apps, watching video, etc., all on Wi-Fi, as she has no data plan. Then, it got stolen from her and because it offers a lot for the price, we replaced it with the same phone (purchased on Amazon). I sure am glad I didn't spend more for her phone because she has since dropped it and cracked the screen. Fortunately, the crack isn't that bad and the phone still works great. While it was mine, I appreciated the excellent speaker phone and call quality.
gift for my sister, nice little phone
I like this phone very much. Much better than my old BlackBerry!
This phone has a lot of features that anyone will love.
Good little Android starter phone. It now belings to my 9 year old. Had it 3-4 years and it is still going strong.
It is a great phone for a very low cost; I Bought it to use it in Colombia and so far I had no issues with it; it is light, fast and it has a big screen that is good enought for the price point of this phone; One recommendation is to root it if you want to get rid of the T-mobile bloatware that comes integrated and get the best performance out of it; the only But so far has been the battery duration (it's kind of low compared to my previous Samsung i5500), but I guess that it's a tradeoff for the bigger screen and the faster CPU.
I bought the Exhibit II 4G straight from Amazon and I was not sure if the phone was going to accept the Simple Mobile Sim card since it was locked to T-Mobile Prepaid. I put the Simple Mobile Sim card and it accepted it perfectly. I had to manually set up the APN (which is very easy and Simple Mobile explains how to do on their website). I was also able to successfully root the phone using the ZergRush method. After rooting the phone I installed Titanium Backup to remove all of T-Mobile's bloatware from the stock ROM.Since I am using Simple Mobile's $40 2g/3g plan I disabled the 4G to double the battery life.The phone itself is very snappy and the images are very crisp. The front camera works great with Google+ and Skype so you should be able to video chat without any problems. The rear camera could be better since it only has 3.2 MP but with the help of a good camera app you can add filters and enhance the pictures.It is definitely the best 4G T-Mobile or Simple Mobile phone you can buy for under $200.
Now charges, didn't before, was able to add more storage as well. Easier to use for loading files than my Apple Ipod.
Phone came in great shape, it seem to have a virus of some sort, vibrating uncontrollably, would't recommend this product
So, got my phone for two hundo on amazon and it got here quickly, two day shipping, and I activated it online with a new service on the 100voice/unlimited data plan for $30 a month, no contract. So far so good. Easy. There is no cel service in my rural setting but the wifi at home works and was easy to set up the phone to automatically use the wpa-2 network, and now at home it defaults to the wifi for all functions like texting, calls, web surfing, etc. Very easy and so far so good. The phone is also responsive and has not crashed in the 4 hours I've used it. It's my first smartphone, and was easy to get into. From the reviews I had thought for sure that I would have to root the phone and all that, just to get the thing working smoothly, but it is fine. I'm liking it a lot, and look forward to seeing how the tmobile service performs, how the battery holds up, how well it works as a camera and media device with the microsd card I will install, etc. I do have to say that the price seems right for what you get here, since it has so much functionality in one unit and the droid OS seems pretty cool. Now I know why my buddies were so excited when they got their iphones and droids a couple years ago....EDIT: a month later and it's still good although I'm getting tired of it sometimes slowing down and so I'm looking at rooting the phone to get that extra performance.this is the best site I've found with all the info you need to root your phone:[...]....Battery has been lasting all day with the usual texting and online games like words with friends.For a smartphone noob like me this is great although it makes me want an even nicer phone.FYI the phones WiFi Calling app works great but it does use your calling minutes.
I am absolutely loving this phone. I finally upgraded from my Motorola Cliq. I bought this phone because I don't believe in getting stuck in contracts for a phone. Goes against everything I stand for lol. But there are so many pre-installed apps it is a little irritating at first, but if you are computer savvy you can root it with no problems (JUST GOOGLE...the zerg method so far has been the most reliable...I haven't heard of any bricking) then you will have a powerful little machine on your hands. Its gorgeous to me. Very lightweight. There are lots of cases available for it to be customized how you want. I was stuck between this one and another phone but the availability of accessories really helped me lean towards this one. (I am a girl it still has to look good lol.) My boyfriend has the Samsung Galaxy S2 and for the most part they can do the same things. Don't get me wrong his is visually sexier with its gigantic screen and resolution, but functionally its more like its little cousin lol.
I've had this phone about a month, now. All the other reviews are spot on as far as specs go. I really don't have much to add, except that this phone is just bogged down with bloatware like crazy (the only reason I rated it 4 stars). So very tempted to root this phone.For those of you who are frustrated with this phone, give it a few weeks for the system to learn your habits. The first few days I had this phone, I was a little frustrated that the battery life sucked and it had various lagging issues. But as time went on, it got better with how it ran and the battery life improved quite a bit. It would be even BETTER once rooted.So the only downfall to this phone is its bloatware. It's not right to have admin rights restricted to the point where the user cannot get rid of what's lagging the phone. The manufacturers make these phones with certain specs- specs which are minimized due to the bloatware installed on these phones that make them perform at a subpar level.I only hesitate rooting because of warranty reasons. Murphy's Law, you know?But that's probably my only gripe about this phone. It causes it to lag and I'm oh so close to rooting it.Other than that, the pricing was great and to have a phone with Android interface? Awesome. I love that I can sync it to my tablet and my calendars can be updated with all my various scheduling things, regardless of where I edit it (phone or tablet). It's nice to finally have the apps that I had on my tablet, on my phone, which is on the go with me more often. Navigation, email, social networking, etc. All those fun bells and whistles that come with a smart phone. I also love having the capability to turn on wifi, which helps reserve 4G data so I don't go over the 2gb cap that I have.To top it off, I bought this phone in order to get a Value Plan at T-Mobile (inexpensive plans, but you have to buy your own phone). If you're wondering if that's doable, it IS. Less than 60 a month and I get all the services needed for a smart phone, plus insurance, plus MORE minutes than my previous plan, which works great for me. It actually comes out to a little less than what I was paying before for non smart phone internet.If anyone wants an entry level Android phone on a budget, this is the way to go. It has all the same bells and whistles as the 500-600 dollar phones (ex: Like the Galaxy S II) because they're all running the same UI. Just be patient and understand why this phone can be prone to lagging. The phone itself is awesome, it's just the junk that T-Mobile installs on the phone that makes it lag.
Initially I was turned off by the very poor battery life, even after turning off wifi, GPS and Bluetooth and putting the screen brightness to the lowest setting. I was also disappointed at the sluggishness of the phone, plus how it would freeze not infrequently. I was thinking of returning the phone at that time.However, after spending LOTS of time trying to figure out how to root the phone, and finally accomplishing this, the phone really does seem to work like a charm. After googling "how to root Samsung Exhibit 2" and reading the top several matches, I got frustrated that I could not seem to find the right Samsung driver or download Zerg Rush Root. But after scrolling to the next page of matches, I found an entry on "Samsung Exhibit 2" in Wikipedia. The directions under "rooting" worked like a charm for me. They had the Samsung device driver for download, as well as Zerg Rush. It took me a little while to figure out how to download Winzip (I used the free "evaluation" version), which I needed to "extract" the Zerg Rush zip file. But after I figured that out, turned my phone to USB debugging, and plugged it into my computer, the phone automatically went into root mode (I saw a DOS screen pop up, giving the status of the rooting), and about 5 minutes later, the phone was all rooted! I then downloaded "Titanium Backup" (you first have to tell your phone to allow apps from non-Android marketplace), went to "backup/ restore" and deleted the unwanted apps.The battery life has increased tremendously since rooting the phone, deleting the junk apps and also installing Juice Defender. I leave wifi on all the time, and 14 hours later, the battery still has 77% life left in it. Before this, the battery would be nearly empty by this point. I even bought extra charging cords to have in the office and in the car, but it looks like I won't be needing these too much now. I can now wait to charge the phone when I get home.Unfortunately, one day after I rooted the phone, I am not able to find the link above to paste into this review. I went to Wikipedia and did not find anything under "Samsung Exhibit 2", nor could I retrace my steps and google my way to it. Sorry about that. But good luck trying to root your phone. It was worth the effort and frustration on my end, although just barely.
Like so many other reviewers, I bought this specifically for the Wal-Mart $30 plan that gives you 100 Minutes, but 5GB of 4G data and unlimited txts. Specifically, I bought this cheaper phone as a test bed to see if I *could* get the $30 plan, if 4G works well in my area and how easily I can run VOIP solutions to overcome the 100 minute limitation. If all works out, I will then buy the nicer Galaxy S2, which I already have on Sprint and sell this one. I will then port my old number via Google Voice to have my original cell number, which I've had for several years on this phone. I will probably not port the number directly to T-Mobile just to avoid headaches.Anyhow, I chose to purchase this off Amazon for the lack of sales tax, Prime shipping and easy return policy (if needed).I've had the phone for a few hours and, being Android-savvy, can declare that it's a very nice, basic Android phone. My current S2 still runs Gingerbread 2.3.5 and I refuse to go up to 3.0 or 4.0. Seeing as how the Exhibit still has 2.3.5, this works well for me.My biggest question was whether I was going to be able to get the $30 Wal-Mart plan at all. Other reviewers said it was pretty easy (don't call in to cust support, do everything online), so I bought the phone. During activation, which you should do in front of your computer, you will be presented with all the T-Mobile prepaid plans, including the $30 Wal-Mart special. As long as this is a NEW activation, that plan will present itself. It did for me, I signed up for it, paid the $30 and off I went. I have a new number, which I quite like actually, but that will be a moot point later on down the road.I am now working on the $30 plan with zero issues. 4G is indeed in my area and is working inside my house. It is very fast and a world of difference over Sprint 3G. Yes, Sprint has 4G, but not for 75 miles from my house.Anyhow, the Exhibit is simply a smaller version of the Galaxy S2, as far as I'm concerned. The screen is smaller, the phone is slightly slower in all aspects, but it's still a great phone. If you are not a power user, the Exhibit is all you need. It is very much simply the Galaxy's little brother.I will perform several additions/edits to this review over the next couple of days. There hasn't been a good, detailed, more-than-two-sentence review on this phone since mid-2012, so I wanted to interject a detailed, recent review here in 2013.In summary, if you want a functional, solid Android phone and you want the 5GB of 4G data and you want it for a measly $30, then this is the one to get. No questions asked. If you want a more powerful phone, get the Galaxy S2. THAT phone doesn't currently appear to be available on Amazon, but it is still available.
get the latest technology with a low price.Not a TOP cell phone but the best with this price.Totally recommend
Very good company who stands by their product. They really stand by their product and is a great company to work with.
it was better than i expected, is like new, and cover all my needs in a cellphone. Simply an excellent product.
I am really happy I bought this phone. I was in desperate need of a smartphone, so I got this. The screen is a little bit smaller than I would prefer, but it still works better than my old phone!
This phone works great! I wanted a smartphone that provides email access, with Wi-Fi link, GPS and Bluetooth connection; that is not too expensive. I have had the phone now for about a year. It meets all my expectations and more, and the price was great.
I loved this phone. I recently upgraded to a HTC my Touch 4G but I miss my Exhibit. This phone is so dependable. I have thrown this phone several times and it has been dropped more times than I can count. It has also been dropped in water ( I mean literaly submerged) in the tub and NOTHING on that phone quit working. This was my first Droid phone and I would recommend it to anyone. My co worker had a LG and when it was dropped in water her camera quit working, but on the Exhibit, no issues. The only complaint is that T-Mobile needs a little better coverage but other than that, I loved the phone it's self. It was so easy to use that my 5 year old daughter had her on app page and could change the settings herself to adjust to her games. Excellent phone
So this will never be a high-end device like a Galaxy S3 or an iPhone.But it's also hundreds of dollars cheaper. You only get Gingerbread (Android 2.3.6), 2GB of storage, and 512MB of RAM, but with the MicroSD slot you can add plenty more storage. It's common enough that aftermarket ROMs are available, so you can root it and add some new features if you so desire.The screen resolution is amazing given the small physical size; lots of phones with larger screens run the same resolution as this one. Colors are very vibrant, though like all AMOLED screens it's a pain to read in the sun.It doesn't have tons of processor power, but for the usual uses of smartphones (maps, web browsing, etc.) it has plenty. It's also surprisingly durable; I've abused mine pretty badly with no ill effects.Four stars for two reasons: one, no auto-brightness. Annoying, but you can long-press the status bar and slide your finger to change the brightness on the fly (phone has to be unlocked). Two, the wi-fi sometimes cuts out for 10-15 seconds every 30 minutes or so. Minorly annoying for normal use but drops VoIP calls. This has been an issue since the phone came out a year ago and still hasn't been fixed in the firmware. Besides those two minor annoyances it's an excellent low-mid range phone.As for T-Mobile, whether their service works for you or not is particular to where you live, work, and travel. All I'll mention here is that not having a contract is awesome (especially on the $30/100min/5GB plan) and that this phone does support T-Mobile's wifi calling (or VoIP, obviously) if you spend a fair amount of time in places with wifi but no cell signal.
The Samsung Exhibit II 4G phone I purchased from Amazon is great. I've had it for just over a month. It's my first smartphone and my first Android OS, but I'm liking almost everything about it. Great call quality and connectivity (important to me!), fast, good battery life, fairly intuitive to use (with modest learning curve). Can do free video calls using Skype when I'm in a wi-fi hotspot, and the call/video quality is good. The camera doesn't take great pics, but it's not an important feature for me. I had to download a couple of apps (keyboard and messaging) to overcome a couple of minor defects in the OS, but it was painless and free. I would recommend this phone to new smartphone users. But don't expect it to do everything! It's under $200! :-)
I just got the delivery of this phone yesterday, and it took me about 12 mins to set it going.... and yeah, it fully qualifies for the $30 (100 mins + unlimited text and data with 4G speeds for 5GB)... at least it worked for me! I just followed the instructions mentioned in the starter kit and chose this plan on the site. And yes, I bought the phone from Amazon.I have used iPhone 3G in the past, and this one definitely outsmarts the iPhone 3G for sure. I haven't checked out on iPhone4 as yet. But who needs an iPhone4 when most of the features come at one forth of the cost. And, without any contract!The phone is pretty zippy even with a 1Ghz single core processor... definitely not as zippy as Galaxy S2 Skyrocket which runs on a dual-core 1.5 Ghz. Having said that, I am only comparing. The phone is quite fast really!Gingerbread 2.3.5 is simply amazing! There are virtually unlimited Apps available. Samsung TouchWiz UI is very good and intuitive. I love the swipe left/right for message/call feature. Very basic, but so useful!As mentioned by other reviewers, there is quite some bloatware pre-installed on the phone, that one cannot remove (as of now). But, it is definitely not a factor to reject the phone. Some people might just find these useful as well.I haven't connected the phone to my PC as yet and shall update a line or two on the same in some days.I have ordered 32 Gigs of micro sd and will let know how it goes. Per some other reviews, it worked out well.I had charged the battery to full last afternoon and have been doing quite a lot of wi-fi, downloads et all, and yet it has about 28% left. This is where the Exhibit II beats the Skyrocket hands down. The Skyrocket is a battery-drainer, of course due to its larger screen and bigger processor.I am glad that I bought this phone over Galaxy S2, and I would definitely recommend it to someone who does not need a super computer on-the-go and wants to have a decent smartphone with no contract.More updates soon!Update 1 (01/28): Exactly a month's usage, and I am more than happy to have bought this phone. It doubles up as a very decent music player with 32 gigs memory. I would suggest downloading PowerAMP and good in-ear head-phones (J5 JBuds from JLabs is what I use.. they 're neat).On the down side, at times the phone is a bit sluggish when unlocking the phone with pass code. Not that bad since its not that frequent. Also, I don't really use Kies Air to manage and transfer music. I find it ok to use, but am more comfortable just dragging and dropping music folders onto the phone.I have installed quite a number of Apps and all of them have worked excellently on the phone.The voice quality is good, the 4G coverage is very good, at the least in my neighborhood and my work place. Since I have the $30 unlimited data package with first 5GB at 4G, I never really use wi-fi. I guess it improves the battery performance further. I have disabled the 'Background Data' in accounts and sync under settings. I check my emails manually when needed.All in all, I am quite happy with my purchase so far, and I expect it to service me for about 18 months to 2 years at the least.
After using this phone for a week, I'm favorably impressed. I wanted a small form factor to slip into my pocket. I wanted a removable battery. I wanted to be able to add extra storage. And I wanted to own a smart phone outright without a 2-year contract. I was able to cut our monthly cell phone bill in half for our 2-phone family. This phone has it all! I had been an apple ios5 user, and I'm still keeping my ipad, but I have to admit that this Android OS (gingerbread) is very good. My wife's iphone 4 almost seems old, heavy and clunky next to this. Yes, the phone is plastic and probably won't withstand a hard drop, but neither did the iphone. The rounded corners make it easy to slip into pockets, and if you are worried about it slipping out, buy a silicone cover. I had been a t-mobile user, but I whole-heartedly concur with other reviewers.... t-mo customer service reeks! It's inconsistent, and it took me several phone calls and several days before everything got changed over to the new phones.
Have kept the phone for one and half month. It is so much fun to play with the phone and so many things it can do. Forget about annoying itune. Everything is easy like breeze on this phone.
This sleek little bugger was a snap to activate--all I did was pop in my current SIM card I was using with an unlocked Moto Q, power this baby up and in 2 minutes was sending and receiving calls and texts. (yeah I did charge it to 100% first.) I registered this thing at Samsung's web site and was shocked to see it only left the factory line 9 days before it was shipped! These arent some warehouse clearance specials, they are brand-new.I tested the 4G where it was available, and it was darn close to 2MBps, faster than my home DSL. I upped my TMobile plan and am looking forward to trying the wireless hotspot. There was no advertising or announcement that TMobile was rolling out 4G here in Central Florida. It works a lot of the main areas, not out in the boonies where I live...Great phone, Android Gingerbread waaaaay faster than Froyo...camera takes great pics, the built-in media player is nice w headphones. Could have come with a better ringtone and wallpaper assortment. The Google Maps GPS gets me in my yard to about a foot of real-life. Sweet.The included data cable didn't allow it to self-install drivers in Windows 7 64-bit, so I downloaded the Samsung New PC Studio (yeah that's what they call it) and then was able to browse the phone and add stuff to my SD card. I got a 32GB one somewhere at 32 bucks...so now I got me a touch-screen Gingerbread MP3 player..that has a 4G phone built in!! for like 170 bucks less than the 32BG IPod. Can't beat that with a stick.One Week UPDATE....okay, it's been a week...the battery last pretty well if u keep a shortcut to Task Manager on the 1 home screen and shut stuff down when you're done. The 4G speed is incredible when you have a good 4G signal (6MBps download at speedtest.net). The hotspot is a cinch to set up...I helped friends on Boost with the Galaxy Prevail..while that's a bang for the buck (was on sale at B.B. for 75...they look at mine and say I WANT DAT..
First of all, for the $, this is an awesome phone. I have tried many and almost went with the Virgin Mobile plan on the Triumph phone. I really in my gut liked this phone better so my son now has that one. Also, but I am using GrooveIP (Voice over internet calls for free costs $4.99) with the close people I talk on the phone to, so this works great and the 100 minutes won't be a problem for me as I am really a texter for the most part. I love the phones size, it's not to big, and the sound is awesome. I only hate that the power button is on the right side. Here is the deal with the $30 a month plan, it has to be a new sign-up. Not sure if you can port your number, but I bought my phone from amazon and am on this plan, no problems!
just purchased the smartphone, have had no issues so far, even though the phone is not top of the line it's still an excellent choice for any person on a budget who does not want to get stuck with a monthly bill, has almost all the functions of a high end smartphone.
PRO:*Perfect size: not too big to be cumbersome, not too small to squint at.*Speedy: even with the bloatware, as long as you never use it...*Easy to Root: with either ZergRush or SuperOneClick.CON:*Battery: I'm conservative for the most part. But if you're using Wi-Fi to surf the web, have some tunes cranked to about 7, and have lowest brightness on, you can still drive it down to 10% in about 6 hours.*Bloatware: AND HOW. Still trying to see what's safe to kill off.I haven't activated it yet, so I can't tell you much about T-Mobile's service on this phone, but from the signal it's getting(for emergency calls), it's better than AT&T in some of my most common places(Columbia, SC and surrounding area)I'll be sure to update this review with signal tests and my opinion of the service.UPDATE 02/09/12: SimpleWiiController is probably the only app I could not get working... Which is a shame. A Wii Remote makes play Sonic CD so much easier.UPDATE 02/22/12: I've activated the phone on 2/17/12. T-Mobile's coverage is a little under par at home, floating around 2 bars. At school, I have full strength. Haven't had it drop down to EDGE except down Hwy 1 near Lexington, SC last Saturday. The speeds I can't really complain about, the highest I've tested with Ookla's SpeedTest.net app was 5.73 Mbps. The max data rate this phone can handle over HSPA is 14.4 Mbps, so I'll keep testing to see if there's improvement.Can't speak much to call quality because:1.It's not what I bought the phone for2. I don't speak much on the phone.The 7 minutes I've spent so far though sounded much better than my old phone(LG Prime on AT&T), almost as good as my older Verizon phone(Samsung Intensity).
I've researched many phones and I wanted the one that will be the best bang for my buck .. No need to look further this is the phone combined with the $30 unlimited text/web , nothing can beat this and oh yea its 4g also.But to make it clear , the $30 unlimited plan .. DOES NOT need to be bought from walmart/T-Mobile .. I bought mine here .I've looked every where for a clear answer but I always received mixed answers so am making it clear here . Just be sure to activate online .. I'm not sure if it works over the phone also .the battery is ok .. most android phones battery aren't that great but this one lasts me a day easily with moderate use.I haven't experienced any lag mainly because the specs are rather the same as a top notch phone of its era .Yes there's tons of bloatware but rooting it allows you to get rid of that very easily .I wish the camera was at least a 5mp but for the price 3.2mp with flash is decent enough and gets the job done.It takes getting used to using the keyboard (probably just me because I come from using physical keyboard phones) but after a while its not an issueOverall I'm very happy with this phone and does everything I need it to do .. 100 minutes for the plan I have isn't a lot but using groove IP and google voice fixes that issue . Also with the $30 4G plan its hard to compete against that :]
This phone does everything I want it to and more. Full anndroid market access. Built in GPS. Screen size is good and all apps run smoothly. Well worth the money.
got mine a month ago. had it rooted to get rid of tmobile bloatware. runs on simple mobile $40 unlimited. battery life is great provided you know how to tweak the settings. am getting 2 days with heavy use and 3 days with normal use. display is amazing. wifi is quick to connect. camera/video is ok. internet browsing is blazing fast. overall no problems so buy this phone here at amazon.
I didn't really buy this phone for its calling features. I wanted a low-cost, pocket-sized device for email, web browsing, and remote control applications.Music playback was expected, but not essential. After looking around, it came down to the Exhibit II and the iPod Touch. I chose the Samsung partly because I didn't want to carry around two devices (phone+web). It was a tough choice. I really like the 8GB Touch. Had Apple included 16GB on that device I might have bought it instead.The first phone I received from Amazon was defective. It would lock up after a short time. My replacement works fine. Amazon made the process easy. I had never returned items to Amazon; I'm impressed at the speed and the ease they provided. After my first Exhibit II failed I was depressed. The replacement arrived quickly, so I had only a few days to mope.If you're thinking of upgrading your prepaid "feature" phone to this T-Mobile/Samsung smartphone, you might wonder if you can use your existing by-the-minute voice plan. Yes, you can. But web access is limited to when you're near a wi-fi spot. That's how I'm doing it. I recommend shopping T-Mobile's web site as opposed to visiting a store or signing up via phone call. If you buy this phone, you'll want to open a free GMail account for the best integration.As far as the hardware goes: it's excellent. The Exhibit II is solid and comfortable to hold. Plugging in over-the-ear headphones gives loud, clear sound. The 800 by 480 display is crisp. The touch response is good. Although adequate, the earpiece (speaker) could be louder. It is hard to hear your caller in a noisy environment. When used moderately over the course of a day, this phone needs to be charged daily.Factor in time required to purge bloatware from this phone. I rooted my phone (free) and installed Titanium Backup Pro (seven dollars). One shouldn't have to do that. It takes hours to research, plus time and (small) risk in rooting the phone. It appears that rooting is easiest done via Windows computer. [Edit, 19-Apr-2012: I installed a ROM called CyanogenMod9, or CM9 to my phone. This unofficial (and beta) OS is based on Android ICS "ice cream sandwich" OS. Despite being incomplete, CM9 for the Exhibit II is very capable and feature-laden.] Although the phone has a slot for a microSD card, the package does not include one. You should definitely purchase a microSD card if you plan to install a custom ROM.I hesitate to recommend this Exhibit II to someone who doesn't want to go to the trouble of purging junk software -- look elsewhere. Now that I've eliminated bloatware, I feel very good about this phone.
This is a great phone, and it's really amazing what they can make at this price point. The screen is not as nice as more expensive phones, but it is fine. There is 512 MB RAM, much of which is already used up by the system, so you have to be careful not to run too much at once. Overall, everything seems very well designed.Tmobile does include some amount of bloatware on the phone. The phone can be rooted very easily, and I would suggest using a free app off the Marketplace to freeze system apps which you don't want. It is not terribly hard to recover the phone to stock if you manage to screw something up.The phone comes locked to Tmobile (you have to purchase an unlock code online, or have a very nice CS rep unlock it for you). More importantly, it does not support 3G data in Europe, which is a big downer for those who travel outside the US (voice and Edge data should still work).
Have had this for 7 months. Works as described. Compared to S3 it's very slow, but then for the price paid shouldn't expect too much.
Bought the card at the T-Mobile store, the clerk installed the sim card and turned on the phone, no problem.Capacity for apps and games is great. There is a 5GB limit. The phone has never locked or stalled on me. Both front and rear camera work great. Could use more flash light while filming video, but overall a very reliable and easy phone to use.
a
great product
Good.
fine
My Dad still uses this cell phone, however the speaker is a bit worn out. Sometimes you barely hear the other peoplein the other line. But overall it is a good phone.
Great replacement for my old phone
A good, workable smart phone. Good value. The camera is a bit weak and the time delay between pressing the button and the picture being taken is quite long. This means that any action shots result in a bit of a blur. Trying to get a decent picture of a three year old is tough. Screen sensitivity is sometimes a bit unpredictable. However, all of this was known prior to purchase.
My daughter got this phone . It worked well but she broke it within a week and a half..Had to buy new one
Everything I needed in a phone for a great price. Just swapped the card from old phone and ready to go.
great phone and the price was awesome. had a issue with the charger and they went beyond what I ever expected.would buy again from them in a minute
This little thing has almost everything the SIII has and works just as well. Samsung has made very good products and this is not the exemption. Would recommend to anyone.
I've had this phone for over a year, it works good and has a great sharp screen. It doesn't have much horse power at only 512MB of Ram and a 1.0 single-core processor, and it struggles to have more than one or two apps running at a time. At times it freezes and you have to force-close some apps. That being said though, it does work quite well for most situations.It has a really good clear speaker, I'm actually really impressed and how great it sounds while playing music. The voice quality is good, not great. If you're not much of a techie or power user, this is a good phone at a fair price. If you're looking for something that can handle a lot of apps, and that is really responsive, I'd look for at least a dual-core phone with 1GB of RAM.I should note that I did root this phone and put a custom rom on it, so that may have caused some of my responsiveness issues. You can root this phone and get the latest version of android on it, but stock you're stuck with android 2.3.
Mad as HELL!!! This phone did not come with an "activation" number.....t-mobile customer service SUCKS!!!! Only way to get the phone activated was to go to a store and BUY an activation card ...THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN INCLUDED ....but was obviously left out. NOT the way I wanted to start out my relationship with T-mobile!
It works a little bit more than a year,then died..literally! :O)
One of the best and inexpensive phones out there.Samsung products are great and support is also top notch. Very satisfied.
Buying a new phone is a hassle. Especially when you are just arrived in a new country and you don't know anything about the networks etc. After a good deal of reading, I settled on this Samsung Exhibit II on T-mobile. The phone specs looked very respectable for the price point. I wanted PAYG so I wasn't tied into a contract that would last longer then my stay in the US.When the phone arrived, it was very easy to set up. The instructions are very clear. I had it registered and activated on the network even before the battery finished charging. Within a day I had received an over the air update of the Android operating system to Gingerbread. It would be nice to get Ice Cream Sandwich or Jellybean on this handset, but for the price point that is probably wishful thinking.Still it is a good phone. 4G speeds are very good. T-mobile did stick a lot of bloatware on it, that can only be removed by rooting which is a shame, but an easy process if you want to do it.
It's a great pay as you go phone, with decent connect, great price and as a college student not crazy contract I have to worry about if I'm late a payment.
I purchased this cell for my sister as a birthday gift and she loved it! it was easy to set up and she hasn't had a single issue with it yet. She loves how fast it is for all her online browsing and social media updating. A great buy for sure!
I was looking for a non contract cell.... i have bought 5 on this last year.. ...they broke or non function properly..I was told is because i am in prepaid....So i buy this just to get by until i sign a contract.This cell is so good ... have more apps that I know how to use... i am very happy, good pictures, good sound, I still in prepaid..fast web, I recommend it.good purchase
My teenage daughter had just received this phone for her birthday in march and recently lost it. This is exact phone. good I originally purchased Good phone does everything a smartphone should .
Love this phone! Easy to use and all apps I have loaded have worked flawlessly! This phone was a hell of a value when you compare its features and benefits as compared to other more expensive models! You needn't look further than this phone!
I am not a smart phone person because they are so expensive. However, I think it is worth the money.
Bought this for my almost 17-year old daughter, and she loves it, so far. I haven't heard any complaints yet, and she is discovering more about it's capabilities every day.
I'm still using this phone. I like the features of a smart phone, but have the ability to make prepaid plans. This phone has served me well.
it was my first smartphone and had alot of features that i didn't know it would have at a cheap price.
Ordering was easy and phone arrived in very timely manner. Best price. As a senior, I find this phone easy to use. I am thrilled with it and recommend it.
for the money this phone can pretty much do it all, but there are times I go crazy waiting for a text to go through, but that could just be the T-Mobile service.
This phone just plain works.Pro's1. Reasonably long battery life2. Stable-Doesn't crash or freeze3. Fast processor 1gb4. Loud Speakerphone with excellent quality on both ends5. Large screen6. Universal Charging port-Any Micro-USB will charge it7. Bright Sensitive Screen8. Price is very reasonable9. Front and Rear Cameras10.Fast enough to support Tango Video conferencing without noticable lagCons1. Replacement screen impossible to find. My first dropped out of my e-bike at 30mph worked perfectly but screen cracked. No replacements available on the market. I had to buy another phone. Sigh...2. Only Turns on when you use the side button3. T-Mobile puts alot of crapware in this. The ram shows around 257 out of 350 when nothing is running.I am absolutely satisfied with this phone, when the first one broke after a week (accidental my fault). I went and bought another one.My biggest reason was the excellent speakerphone, stability, and fast processor.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Update- I've had this phone for 3 months and still working flawlessly.
I had an iphone 3g for a few years. But I had tmobile and the 2g speeds were maddening. So I went to the android side and got this phone because I did not want to spend a lot, but wanted 4g speed. I got that.Physical size is same as the iphone. Screen is fine. Those that say it doesn't view well in the sun, make sure your brightness is turned up. Mine defaulted to the lowest setting and it took me a month to figure out that was the problem.Phone is light. Responsive. Call quality is good. 4g speeds are great, though sometimes I lose a signal, but I think that's not the phone as I live in a dead spot.Transition to Android was entertaining. Not the closed system of Apple, so there is some funkiness that I liken to the PC world, though not that crazy. Rooted the phone to get rid of a lot of bloatware, and I highly recommend you do that.Changed the theme to look like an iphone as I mentally have committed certain icons to certain functions.Battery life is fairly good. I can usually go a couple of days without charging and I use my phone a fair amount.When I was in the tmobile store, I drooled over the Galaxy S2. But in the end, I have an ipad, so why do I need a galaxy. This phone was cheap and highly functional.My only minor complaint is the lack of a better "on" button, as the power button on the side of the unit is a little hard to depress at times to wake up the phone. But I can live with that.All in all, I think this is a great 4g android phone for less than $200. Hard to go wrong.Ironically, I tried to buy this at the local tmobile store in my town to support local business. But because of the challenges the carriers have with previous contracts and lots of small print rules governing the prices of phones, the best they could do was $350. Hello amazon.
I've owned this phone for more than one month and in general I'm quite satisfied by its performance.Pros:1. Price. For $200 you get the experience similar with those flagships 1-year ago (Samsung GS I with a smaller screen), and more importantly, with the 2.3.5 OS.2. Rootable. It could be very easily rooted by using the same protocol for the 1st gen. Ppl really shouldn't complain about bloatware anymore but did a little research on this.3. $30 unlimited data plan. If you get covered by the T-Mobile 4G then it's a steal to get 5Gb 4G speed+free text and some free minutes (100). Time to forget about those basic smartphone plans cost $70 pre-tax elsewhere.Cons:1. CPU. Single core 1G is simply not enough to run the OS smoothly when 4-6 apps are running in the background. I have three email apps (Gmail, regular email app and Hotmail) and a newsfeed actively synchronizing in the background and the phone usually takes 0.5s to turn on the screen after pressing the power button and another 2-3s to make screens switch smoothly. One tweak is turning off the screen animation to get better response. Soft video decoding is also poor and frame-skipping happens quite often even when the bitrate is less than 500kbps.2. Battery. With 4G data and background synchronizing only (Wifi, BT, GPS all off), the battery can last about 30 hours in idle. In daily use you may have to charge it every night.Overall:Based on its performance/price, it definitely should be considered as a top prepaid phone with a perfectly matched plan.
I have had the phone for about a month now. I must say that going from a "dumber" phone to this has been a life changing experience and I will never go back to a non-smart phone. The phone itself is really quite nice, it is the perfect size (not to big, not to small) but like many have commented, very slippery! Getting a case for it is a must. As noted, it does come with some bloatware that is preinstalled and the only way to get rid of some of the applications (like media social, etc) is to root the phone (this gives you administrative rights - for the brave just google "rooting samsung exhibit II" and you will be able to find the means to do so).Since many reviewers have described the positive aspects of the phone, I wanted to point out that not all is rosy with T-mobile's pre-paid 100min, free text, free web plan. I was dismayed to find out that I was not able to use Google Voice as the default voicemail for the phone, nor was I able to use T-mobile's own preinstalled visual voicemail --- I can see the business logic behind these moves (T-mobile does not want pre-paid customers to have easy ways to get around using the limited 100 minutes while checking voicemail (google voice and visual voicemail use data instead of minutes)....still, I feel that T-mobile has mislead customers (they have nothing on their website that states that going pre-paid "limits" some of the features vs. what subscribing clients have access to).Still, it's not a bad deal overall - just annoying that they treat pre-paid customers like 2nd rate clients.
I really like this android phone.It's lite, it's faster than my tmobile G2 ( now my son's phone), and it's thinner than my old G2.The screen is very responsive and has the 2.3.5 os loaded.Very happy with my purchase.
This is my first smart phone and I was lured in by the reasonable price and T-Mobile's new $30 unlimited text, unlimited data, 100 minutes plan. I simply could not justify the expense of phone and data before. I think this phone is great value for $200. It has almost every feature I want. The only thing I would have really liked would be a 5mp camera like on the Galaxy S. I handled a Galaxy S and was considering buying a refurbished one of those for $150 more before deciding on the Exhibit II. I don't regret saving the money. Unless you've had a higher quality phone before, or you're comparing this side-by-side with something higher end, you won't feel limited or cheated by this phone. It's got a very crisp vibrant display, runs quick and smooth, and even with the 3.2mp camera I've taken some decent photos. Sure beats my previous phone anyway. Battery easily lasts me from 6am to late in the night. I haven't had it actually die on me yet. I don't know how my usage might compare to others, but I use Facebook and email frequently throughout the day, have tried out the GPS navigation a couple of times, used Google Music, surfed a bit of news, and played Words With Friends. The display is the biggest battery drain I think, so I keep that down pretty low all the time. I don't do much talking, hence getting the plan with only 100 minutes, so I can't say how much battery is affected by talk time.Only a couple of gripes... As others have mentioned, the beep when the battery is charged is annoying. I charge my phone by my bed at night and I still want to be able to receive emergency calls and texts so I'm not going to put it on silent in order to avoid that beep. But it does wake me up. Still, I can live with it.Sometimes texts fail to send and I've seen other people in forums with this problem too. Also the texting app is glitchy and doesn't always respond to your taps in the text area to bring up the keyboard.Yes, the back cover is as slippery as everyone else says. I bought the gel skin case for the Galaxy W (same phone as the Exhibit II, just rebranded outside the US) and I'm so glad I did. I would certainly have dropped the phone repeatedly by now if I didn't have the skin.Overall, I highly recommend this phone. Excellent price for $200, especially if you're been holding out for a while for the price of smart phones and data plans to drop.
Solid performance on a great network. Had to call to port my old number. The process was done the next morning before noon. As for the phone it just works. It handles the newest apps and games without any issue. Some may wish for a "vanilla" android experience but after using a phone like that i find Samsungs Touchwiz interface a nice improvement. I could re hash all the good stuff about this phone but for that you can read the other reviews. As for issues, which i may be alone on. I find the internal memory partitioning to be confusing at best. Theres a main system partition of 1 gig then a second 2 gig partion called usb memory. Thats all well and good but most apps that dont have custom save settings dont have a selection for it. I use an external memory card but this space seems a little odd. It seems like they wanted to give you some protected memory for music i guess its kind of odd. please comment if you know whats up with it. On to other things.The phone is as slippery as everyone says and with curved edges i never take it out without a death grip on it. Its more than just slick plastic. that textured back is like wrapping a hockey puck in nylon, and the phone is very light.The antennas seem to be in the base of the phone. i can sit in my living room and hold the top of the phone and get 4 bars on a 4g tower. Then hold around the bottome it will drop to the point that it switches to edge. Outside this is not an issue so no worries, its just a little odd.And last up the network.Tmobile is pretty solid where i live which is funny because they dont even have phone numbers around here. I ported mine so no worries. The customer service is top notch, heck if i didnt have to port my old number i wouldnt have had to talk to anyone.Thanks Samsung, Amazon, and T-mobile
I purches 3 of these because it was such a sweet deal. I rooted one and installed slimrom with gapps and the other 2 left stock. One for my wife and one for employee. Haven't had any issues.I will say its my first so I don't have much to compare it to but if you are looking for a first smartphone, this is a very capable little device.front and rear facing camera, gps, Bluetooth that can play music to the headset(way excited about that), good battery life, great screen with the corning scratch resistant screen(don't even need a screen cover). I haven't dropped mine yet but its still doing great.
I have had the phone for over a month now and I have not found anything that I do not like about it. The battery seems to hold a charge for quite a long time. I do not charge it everyday and I can usually go 2 days on the same charge. I do not use the phone a lot though.
Didn't come with an activation code- I have bought tow of these in the past and did not have trouble getting them activated! Don't know why this didn't come with a code.The T-mobile website lists a good plan, but the 'help' guy on the activation line says I can't get it. says it is only available through Walmart. But the Walmart plan is only for iPhone. So, I am trying to figure out how to use this phone!
Not too big and works well after I had it unlocked. Although this is sold "without contract" that does not mean that it is an unlocked phone. I was going to return it to the supplier because it was locked, but spent the extra money to have it unlocked because I am in Costa Rica. A good phone, but be sure what you are buying..
I'm enjoying learning how to use the new phone; I'm changing from the old fashion flip phone to the android. The reviews are good maps toward making a decision to get the Galaxy Exhibit 4G phone.
It is an excellent phone I am very pleased with it. I love the memory on the phone. Draw back is at times have to restart the phone but that could be my issue.
this is a cool phone
BIEN
excelente
excelente gracia
Excelente
Great product
good movil phone
Good phone, small and comfortable
Just as expected. Great deal.
My son loves his new phone.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GBYWMO0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0I got two of these to replace my kids phones. I didn't want to upgrade and trust that 2 teenagers would be responsible enough to care for an expensive phone. But at the same time I didn't want to give them a phone that wasn't reliable. This is perfect match of just enough and good price. It looks expensive and like the tablets they have, but I didn't have to restart a contract, I just went to ATT and had them put in a new SIM card with their phone numbers on them. This was a much easier way to deal with teenagers and "Smart phones". I have it where they can only use the wifi, no data, and the picture quality is nice, which is a big plus for them. This way they feel like their getting something really big and I'm not out an arm and leg.
Very nice looking phone. It has a smooth, quick operation, and a very responsive touch screen. The memory is a bit limited as the items installed when the phone is new uses about half of the available memory. An SD memory card can be installed for music, videos, and photos. It also has some nice features if you look carefully through the menus. I'm satisfied with this phone, but if you are interested in downloading a good number of apps which are not included, you might choose a 16 GB model. The sound quality when making calls is good as well, even when the signal strength is weaker.
good price for a phone that looks like it's expensive cousin.My only problem is the phone is not unlocked, so I have to spend another $25 to get an unlock code so I can use it with my t-mobil sim card.Other than that it seems to be a cheaper clone of an S3, even with the unlock fee and case it was still less than $100.update: phone unlock successful, the 4G works great on t-mobil
GREAT PHONE!!!
Good
Awesome phone!
A decent little phone. Basic Android setup but sharp.
This phone was an upgrade from the first Galaxy and is much better. The activation process was easy and well documented. I am very satisfied with this upgrade. I didn't want to have to spend a ton of money and didn't need a lot of features. For the price this so far has been an excellent choice.
Very good
We bought this as a replacement for my son, who had this same phone for 2-3 years. It was still working fine, but he had dropped it on cement and cracked the screen.
I purchased this phone in the past, thought I needed another but upgraded.
My daughter in-law loves this phone. It works perfect.
Really good phone really responsive the only thing it needs is more system memory
Very good. Nothing else to say.
Exelent Works soo fast for movistar in venezuela!!
still have this phone, still works great!
A very simple phone. Does what I want it to but no bells and whistles. I actually ordered more of these for our family. Everyone has loved them. They aren't anything special but the data works great, the camera is fine, can text, and it doesn't drop calls. It is an awesome phone for the price!!
We bought this phone for my teenager as a replacement for his 5 year old motorola smart phone. We got it 4 days ago and so far, it looks good. Body was nice and clean, OS is faster than his old android and more importantly, the battery life seems much better. Will update review if needed later. For now, it's a solid 4 stars
Great mobil. It works perfectly in Argentina.
Just great
No problems
Great phone for international usage.
Fast 4G - only problem I have is because I'm using an unlocked phone w/ Straight Talk, it doesn't use any data so I have to be have WI-FI to get online. Otherwise, love the phone. Great features!
Everything perfect thank you!
Very good value for money when you use it as a phone or for internet things (mails, trip Tools, etc). Very nice design
Fast 4G - only problem I have is because I'm using an unlocked phone w/ Straight Talk, it doesn't use any data so I have to be have WI-FI to get online. Otherwise, love the phone. Great features!
Everything perfect thank you!
still have this phone, still works great!
A very simple phone. Does what I want it to but no bells and whistles. I actually ordered more of these for our family. Everyone has loved them. They aren't anything special but the data works great, the camera is fine, can text, and it doesn't drop calls. It is an awesome phone for the price!!
We bought this phone for my teenager as a replacement for his 5 year old motorola smart phone. We got it 4 days ago and so far, it looks good. Body was nice and clean, OS is faster than his old android and more importantly, the battery life seems much better. Will update review if needed later. For now, it's a solid 4 stars
Just great
No problems
Great phone for international usage.
For the price, phone is great, does just about anything I needed it to. Biggest downside for me is the inability to have group texts. A few smallsoftware issues, but I expected it with a mid-range smartphone. All-in-all very pleased, made it well over a year and would make it much longer I trust.
GREAT PHONE. WE LOVE IT.
I bought it as a gift it is going out of the country
Product arrived on time. Works great. Used this unlocked phone to switch to Net10 4G service with a Micro SIM card. Great phone.
Excelent Product
Received phone in original packing,works fine with long lasting battery,would recommend to someone wanting to use a smartphone for the first time.
We are most pleased with our purchase via Amazon. We obtained the phones at a nice discount from the price we had contemplated with a retailer. They arrived timely and in good shape. That's the Amazon review. Now as to the phones, I don't know how many stars to assign. We, especially (old guy) me are novices to smart phones, so we're starting the learning curve. But so far, so good. The phones seem to work every bit as well as advertised. That is to say, it'll do much more than we currently know how to do. A major plus has been that Samsung offers classes at a near-by Best Buy store with Samsung employees. That is 5-star service.
I ordered this phone to replace the identical one I bought 3 years ago. The port went bad on my last one but I liked using this phone and its features so I ordered another one. Set up was easy and it covers the bases well for a no-contract phone.
My son loves the phone!
A little slower than my last express but that can be fixed , and im so happy for its truly worth what I paid , was in new condition and came with everything but an sd card .thank you amazon !
I did a lot of research before purchasing this phone. I've had it for quite a while now and I love love love it! I am so happy I went with this model. I highly recommend it!
Received it on time. Only wished it came with a manual - first touch-phone. It is thinner than I expected. I will get use to it. Samsung always has great products.
Bought it for someone and no far no complaint.received it on time and am greatful
Good product!
Very nice
I've had this phone now for almost two weeks. It arrived with no scratches, and it was unlocked. It's brand new, and no problems. Came quickly and was packaged carefully and properly.
Phone work great
I've purchased 4 of these phones. They all worked fine, and are an excellent value. This smartphone has average CPU speed, but it has the key essential features needed in a smartphone with a clear, bright display and very good battery life. I highly recommend this phone for users who are on a budget and want to avoid the higher monthly cost you get when buying a phone from the service provider on a contract basis.
Love it, not a problem
Very nice phone! My wife is very happy with her birthday present! It works great!
The phone is great, just wish it had a better battery life.
this is a nice cell phone this is the second one i have gotten and so far i am very happy with them.
This is the best Android I ever had, it works very well, quality of pictures are great and the power lasts very long, every one out you should get the SGE 1437
BUENO
Works like the high dollar phone for me. Bargain price for the phone (and I think the price has dropped now) connected through Straight Talk made for a good experience.
samsung galaxy series are great phones
Great smartphone for the price especially as a no contract phone. No problems so far and very easy to use and add features.
Fine alternative to the S series. Very powerful for the money. Screen looks great.
mi orden fue de 2 tlf uno me llego en perfecto estado mil gracias y el otro me llego con un detalle en la tapa de la bateriamy order was 2 tlf one came to me in perfect condition thank you and the other came to me with a detail on the top of the battery
Excelente
My review is based on 2 days of using this phone, so that could be not very helpful. Overall nice phone. I had about 4gb of free memory. Back camera seems to be working fine and pictures are fine. Front facing camera is not so good. I guess it's fine for Skype but quality is not good. Wifi signal also seems to be stronger than my wife's S3. Not heavy, not huge. Make sure you check what languages are available if you care about it. I think there are about 9 languages installed, so if you need, lets say Russian, you would not have it. You need to install additional software or upgrade software. Phone is unlocked but its AT&T so you you will have some at&t stuff on it
So far, so good. I ordered one of these for my teenage daughter and she loves it. My father liked it so much, that he had me order another one for him.
Cellpnone excellent
Actual phone is great and the price is better than paying installments with a cell carrier.
Perfect. Thanks.
Phone was delivered promptly and is working great.
good
Its a good phone. Still learning how to use it.
for what i paid, good phone.
Does everything I need it to do plus more. Fast and efficient.
Very happy with my purchase. For me it has all that i need, lots of apps, for all I do. For the price, it gives me the majority of stuff that would be functional for me on an iphone. I'm not saying it is as good as an iphone, but many of us non-techies will never use many of the features of an iphone and will by very happy with a functional smart phone that is several times less expensive than an iphone.
Very nice cell phone, has all require functionality and is very fast in all applications. It has not to be hide behind the top actual cell phones.
I've pretty much have been a " flip " phone user during my cell phone life or a regular cell phone user since they first came out years ago. My previous flip phone which still works is the Motorola Tundra which I am considering going back to but not for reasons you might think. The major reason is that I am on a limited income and the cost of a flip phone vs. the smart phone is the difference of night and day. I pay about 45.00 dollars a month for my flip phone and the service price doubles to triples depending on your data plan with my " Major " service provider. So for 80.00 dollars or more per month I can keep my Smart phone running as long as I pay the bill. But with services like Straight Talk Net 10 or other compatible service provider out there the cost could be cheaper although you get what you pay for and sometimes that might not be a good thing. Now the better news. I have no complaints about the Samsung Express phone but keep in mind this is my first smartphone so I am very smartphone stupid. It is a nice phone and I do like it. It serves the purpose for me as I don't text that much or use the data as I am still trying to figure out just how to run this contraption. If you want or need more memory, then you can but one o them new fangled chips and put in the slot built for it. This phone is relatively easy to use if your knowledgeable with the smart phone world. The main reason I bought it is that it is an unlocked phone so if I finally get pissed off enough with my current carrier, I can take it to another GSM carrier of my choice that has the same system type that I am on and WHA LA, I have a cheaper bill with the same amount of service or more service for less price and bear in mind that this is an option that one has when they buy an unlocked phone.I have owned 3 different unlocked phone. The Motorola Razor, the Motorola Tundra, and now the Samsung Galaxy Express. I have never had a problem with the first 2 with the exception of the age of the phone vs. newer technology. I am very happy with both of the first 2 and both currently work well to this day. But technology changes so one must at least try to go with the flow of things.If you like the Smart phone, I would have no problem in recommending this phone. For a person like me who is not smart phone savvy, it might take a few times to get hold of the ropes of figuring this new fangled contraption out, but that's why we have you young'uns around to help use older generation old timer folks out. LOL But if your knowledgeable in the smartphone world, then I say go for the gusto and get one if you don't need all the bells and whistles.I also purchased an HHI Hybrid Dual Armored Case that has a flip out piece on the back of the case which helps the phone stand in an upright position and it comes with a stylus pen which attaches to the phone and I put a "invisible Shield" screen protector by "Zagg" on the front of the phone to help protect the screen.
Love it
I purchased this phone to use with a security camera and it is fulfilling that need. I have not used it for anything else yet but is seems like a great phone. It is supposed to be "unlocked" but it does have AT&T all over it but it is working with the Wifi setting which what I need it to do so I have no complaints.
2nd phone like this I have purchased works fine
Using the phone on Consumer Cellular and seems to work very well. Would like it better without many of the useless ATT apps.
Purchased this one for my mom. It's working well so far. Light and fast, light usage of course. It's all right.
fine
Love this phone!...its my 2 nd one. Its simple to use and includes everything I need in a phone. Im not a big gamer, nor do I work outside my home but even if I did, everything id need is right here at my fingertips! It takes great pictures and its just simply all I need inva smartphone! Thanks Samsung!
excellent
Love it 😀 Pairs well with the 2015 Mazda for the value and price
I have no complaints. Everything works as advertised. The phone was originally setup for AT&T but works fine with T-mobile. I did have to get a new SIM for it since my old phone used a standard size module and this phone uses the micro SIM. You can go online and get a template for cutting down your bigger SIM to a micro SIM size but I just didn't want to take a chance of messing it up. I've used the wifi, gps, 4g, usb, bluetooth, etc. and everything connects and works perfectly. Speaker phone works better than most, has plenty of volume and clear conversation on both ends. Battery will last a full day even with the wifi, gps and bluetooth running with moderate use. I have had no need to upgrade the OS since all the apps I have downloaded run fine. Signal strength could be a little better but it hard to tell if it's the carrier or the phone. Plenty of accessories available. The camera and video are good, both front and rear (backside camera is higher res. than front facing camera).
Bought for my sister. This is her first smart phone and she loves it! Good product.
This was gift for my son and he loves it, I was hoping he wouldn't so I could have it.
Not sure if it's new or not- since the box seal was broken and had an 8 digit hand written number inside. It still had the plastic protectors on the phone and has zero scratches. I am very happy with the purchase. I'm using it with H20 wireless and works perfect.
Love this phone
the product was new and came with an additional gift
Wanted a smartphone that worked on Straight Talk and used AT&T towers. This phone does the trick. Only thing that does not work on Straight Talk is the hotspot and sending photos on messenger features. Saved money on the purchase using Amazon, saved money using Straigh Talk and get to use a company with more coverage, win, win, win.
She likes it very much. However, 4 stars as it does not have the FM radio built in. Battery life is very good. She is using it for gps tracking when she skies and it lasts for the entire day. Without tracking, it works for days. It comes with ATT preinstalled trashsoft, but you can hide it somehow. Also, swipe is preinstalled which is good.
One flawless phone with no complaints I found, is this one.(1) This phone has Android 4.0 OS with no glitches, smooth loading. It only takes 8 seconds to turn on (from the time you press the power button and to go to the main screen).(2) Comes with 8GB of built-in memory (available 5GB for users)(3) Camera produces excellent pictures (both front and back)(4) Battery gives good power back up(5) Neither too small, nor too big(6) Touchscreen behaves the way it is supposed to(7) 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Plus MSM8960 dual-core process is awesomeThe reasonable price for this kind of phone could be around $150 to $175 range. This phone is little pricier.No complaints and only compliments instead for this phone. Thanks.
Phone is terrific. The unlocked phone allows me to use with numerous carriers, and change when I want. By changing SIM card I can also use in Mexico. Large screen makes it easy to use, even when I forget my glasses.
Great phone.Pros: Good price, good battery life, 4G LTE, good signal strength, good call quality, good features.Cons: Cannot remove unwanted ATT application.
GREAT PHONE. WE LOVE IT.
I bought it as a gift it is going out of the country
Product arrived on time. Works great. Used this unlocked phone to switch to Net10 4G service with a Micro SIM card. Great phone.
Excelent Product
Received phone in original packing,works fine with long lasting battery,would recommend to someone wanting to use a smartphone for the first time.
We are most pleased with our purchase via Amazon. We obtained the phones at a nice discount from the price we had contemplated with a retailer. They arrived timely and in good shape. That's the Amazon review. Now as to the phones, I don't know how many stars to assign. We, especially (old guy) me are novices to smart phones, so we're starting the learning curve. But so far, so good. The phones seem to work every bit as well as advertised. That is to say, it'll do much more than we currently know how to do. A major plus has been that Samsung offers classes at a near-by Best Buy store with Samsung employees. That is 5-star service.
I've purchased 4 of these phones. They all worked fine, and are an excellent value. This smartphone has average CPU speed, but it has the key essential features needed in a smartphone with a clear, bright display and very good battery life. I highly recommend this phone for users who are on a budget and want to avoid the higher monthly cost you get when buying a phone from the service provider on a contract basis.
Love it, not a problem
Very nice phone! My wife is very happy with her birthday present! It works great!
The phone is great, just wish it had a better battery life.
this is a nice cell phone this is the second one i have gotten and so far i am very happy with them.
This is the best Android I ever had, it works very well, quality of pictures are great and the power lasts very long, every one out you should get the SGE 1437
BUENO
Works like the high dollar phone for me. Bargain price for the phone (and I think the price has dropped now) connected through Straight Talk made for a good experience.
samsung galaxy series are great phones
I've pretty much have been a " flip " phone user during my cell phone life or a regular cell phone user since they first came out years ago. My previous flip phone which still works is the Motorola Tundra which I am considering going back to but not for reasons you might think. The major reason is that I am on a limited income and the cost of a flip phone vs. the smart phone is the difference of night and day. I pay about 45.00 dollars a month for my flip phone and the service price doubles to triples depending on your data plan with my " Major " service provider. So for 80.00 dollars or more per month I can keep my Smart phone running as long as I pay the bill. But with services like Straight Talk Net 10 or other compatible service provider out there the cost could be cheaper although you get what you pay for and sometimes that might not be a good thing. Now the better news. I have no complaints about the Samsung Express phone but keep in mind this is my first smartphone so I am very smartphone stupid. It is a nice phone and I do like it. It serves the purpose for me as I don't text that much or use the data as I am still trying to figure out just how to run this contraption. If you want or need more memory, then you can but one o them new fangled chips and put in the slot built for it. This phone is relatively easy to use if your knowledgeable with the smart phone world. The main reason I bought it is that it is an unlocked phone so if I finally get pissed off enough with my current carrier, I can take it to another GSM carrier of my choice that has the same system type that I am on and WHA LA, I have a cheaper bill with the same amount of service or more service for less price and bear in mind that this is an option that one has when they buy an unlocked phone.I have owned 3 different unlocked phone. The Motorola Razor, the Motorola Tundra, and now the Samsung Galaxy Express. I have never had a problem with the first 2 with the exception of the age of the phone vs. newer technology. I am very happy with both of the first 2 and both currently work well to this day. But technology changes so one must at least try to go with the flow of things.If you like the Smart phone, I would have no problem in recommending this phone. For a person like me who is not smart phone savvy, it might take a few times to get hold of the ropes of figuring this new fangled contraption out, but that's why we have you young'uns around to help use older generation old timer folks out. LOL But if your knowledgeable in the smartphone world, then I say go for the gusto and get one if you don't need all the bells and whistles.I also purchased an HHI Hybrid Dual Armored Case that has a flip out piece on the back of the case which helps the phone stand in an upright position and it comes with a stylus pen which attaches to the phone and I put a "invisible Shield" screen protector by "Zagg" on the front of the phone to help protect the screen.
Perfect. Thanks.
Phone was delivered promptly and is working great.
good
Its a good phone. Still learning how to use it.
for what i paid, good phone.
Does everything I need it to do plus more. Fast and efficient.
Very happy with my purchase. For me it has all that i need, lots of apps, for all I do. For the price, it gives me the majority of stuff that would be functional for me on an iphone. I'm not saying it is as good as an iphone, but many of us non-techies will never use many of the features of an iphone and will by very happy with a functional smart phone that is several times less expensive than an iphone.
This phone has been easy to set up especially with the sync features. It has a lot of features that are not only useful but look like they may be fun to play around with; I'm referring to the apps. This appears to be a good phone for a reasonable price.
What a great phone at a great price. Love, love love it. Size is just right, android is easy to use, clear screen and good camera. Just what I was hoping to get. I have tried to buy other phones before but this one beats them all hands down. Trust Samsung only - every time!
Excellent
I have had this model phone for over three years with the AT&T Go plan. I was able to install the SIM card from the original phone and it worked without having to have the phone activated by AT&T.For the price it is a great phone and has all of the features I need.Update: After 3 months of use the speaker output jack stopped working.
This cell phone order was everything it claimed to be. I can find no fault with this seller or product.
This is our 3rd phone! When we bought the first two, it cost much more. I bought a Moto G and couldn't put the contacts on the phone. Had to use the google contacts which meant that when away from service, I had no contacts. Yes, it's an old version of android, but I can put the contacts ON the phone. So I returned the Moto G for this phone. It really is a nice phone. Intuitive. Moto G lets you call your contacts and that's it. If you want to send a text, you have to guess at the name because you don't have access to the contacts. Simple annoying things like that-- stuff you don't really think about til you see the difference--brought me to this phone.HOWEVER, the phone I got was not totally new. It works fine, looks great, but it already had a protective cover on the screen-- with only one tiny bubble that is covered by my case so I'm not complaining. Perhaps it was a returned phone as I don't see any marks on it. It's so hard on Amazon to know which phones are used and which are new, so I'm mentioning this here.
Love it!
It is easy to use, having stepped up from a basic phone, it is a new world of on the go computing, and communication. We are enjoying them very much.
I ordered this phone to replace the identical one I bought 3 years ago. The port went bad on my last one but I liked using this phone and its features so I ordered another one. Set up was easy and it covers the bases well for a no-contract phone.
My son loves the phone!
A little slower than my last express but that can be fixed , and im so happy for its truly worth what I paid , was in new condition and came with everything but an sd card .thank you amazon !
I did a lot of research before purchasing this phone. I've had it for quite a while now and I love love love it! I am so happy I went with this model. I highly recommend it!
Received it on time. Only wished it came with a manual - first touch-phone. It is thinner than I expected. I will get use to it. Samsung always has great products.
Bought it for someone and no far no complaint.received it on time and am greatful
Good product!
Very nice
I've had this phone now for almost two weeks. It arrived with no scratches, and it was unlocked. It's brand new, and no problems. Came quickly and was packaged carefully and properly.
Phone work great
Great smartphone for the price especially as a no contract phone. No problems so far and very easy to use and add features.
Fine alternative to the S series. Very powerful for the money. Screen looks great.
Excelente
My review is based on 2 days of using this phone, so that could be not very helpful. Overall nice phone. I had about 4gb of free memory. Back camera seems to be working fine and pictures are fine. Front facing camera is not so good. I guess it's fine for Skype but quality is not good. Wifi signal also seems to be stronger than my wife's S3. Not heavy, not huge. Make sure you check what languages are available if you care about it. I think there are about 9 languages installed, so if you need, lets say Russian, you would not have it. You need to install additional software or upgrade software. Phone is unlocked but its AT&T so you you will have some at&t stuff on it
So far, so good. I ordered one of these for my teenage daughter and she loves it. My father liked it so much, that he had me order another one for him.
Cellpnone excellent
Actual phone is great and the price is better than paying installments with a cell carrier.
Has all the features that I need.
Galaxy S6 is the best!
everythinks ok
it my first smart phone love it
Absolutely love this phone. I've had no problems since purchasing it, more than 6 months ago. It really is a beautifully made phone. I bought the gold version and still love it. The speed of this phone is unmatched to the numerous other androids I have had. Highly recommend.
LOVE IT
Nice phone
I did not appreciate the packaging that the phone came in, it looked halfway opened, and didn't say fragile anywhere on it. Would have appreciated more of an effort to keep my $400+ dollar investment safe! HOWEVER, quick delivery, (was left in my mailbox, which I both appreciated and though was strange as it said to leave at door) and I'm loving my new phone. Battery life is eh, I took the chance on it because the s7 is out of the question price wise, and I'm not disappointed, but the battery on my s5 active was MUCH better and lasted a lot longer. It definitely has an iPhone feel to it, definitely get a case, it's very "thin" my boyfriend described it as feeling fake. I'm pretty happy with the product and love the beautiful resolution and camera it has!
Very very happy with the product and service.
Sleek looking and I love the fast charging feature.
Phone is awesome(writing this review on it right now) it came 2 days before it said it was going to so thats always good. Not a scratch dent or fingerprint on it, the only thing I could complain about is the headphones, it came with earbuds that were for the s3 and s4 since then they have been updated however they work fine with this phone so its not that big of a deal. If you're looking for this phone but not all full price this is the best possible deal.
Very good product
Everything works fine except the fact that it heats up quite fast. I dont know if its only my phone or all of them are like that. However other than that I cant say a bad word about it.
Came on time Brand new it has worked great so far. Happy customer
Came brand new and sealed. For Metro PCS the only thing I had to do was buy a SIM card from Metro's store and that was around $11. If you have an older model Galaxy I believe you can just transfer that SIM card.If this phone is an upgrade and you are an existing customer, than you will have to call Metro and have them activate your phone. If you are a new customer, than go to the Metro store and they should be able to activate your phone in person.
This phone is amazing! I didn't realize when I ordered it just how many junk apps are on phones purchased from the carrier until I got this unlocked phone. I have only the apps that I want and it has been wonderful! It is a beautiful piece of technology and I am so glad that I chose this phone.
Great phone, handset and box, adapter however doesn't seem to work well- phone screen keeps going on and off while charging. Also no ejection tool came with device....LOVE THE PHONE THOUGH excellent condition!
Excellent cel, really nice photos. Like the new design.
Great product very happy purchased as a gift for a friend in the country of Belize...works great fast shipping and packaging very pleased every aspect nof problems came un locked grea seller highly recommend ..******
Just as described
Excelent! !!!
Lost my iPhone to water. 2 days after getting this phone it was filming my daughter in the pool underwater. Operating systems are so similar I barely noticed the difference. Many compliments on how sharp and clear the pictures are. Overall satisfaction with this phone is 5 stars..
Great phone! Everything is so smooth and the camera exceeded my expectation. Also cool that you can get a Gear VR and turn this phone into an amazing VR kit.
Very Good
The batery drains too fast... :(
Having some issues with the slow internet response...unsure if it's the phone yet. It came new and clean along with plug adapter so I can use internationally or in the US.
i had a doubt that the phone might be refurbished but its brand new and works great.
Korean model light blue. Love it...
Update: the issue was solved. The sim card was the problem not the phone.i bought this phone to my wife, she is so happy with it. the only thing that could be a complaint is that in my country lte does not work with it.telephone carrier Claro Ecuador
good package .. Nice phone ... as per my expectations .. thanks
I am enjoying it. Still learning about the various features.
Excellent phone, it works at expected
I actually was afraid of getting it online but the phone was the real deal. Compared it to my friends s6 from tmobile and it's the same. The only difference was the dual sim. I guess that is a plus for me. Thanks.
Very good
good product quality. recommended.
So far so good, time will tell if the non removable battery will give good service. I installed a sim card and ported my own number. Having fun being a bit nerdy at 70 years of age. LOL
Works well for the Gear VR
Perfect phone. It worked with carrier without any problem
Perfect
Loved my Galaxy!
I received the phone today and had no trouble adding it to my existing AT&T account. The construction of the phone seems more solid than the S4 that I am upgrading from. It seems to have more metal and less plastic. You can't get to the battery anymore, but that is not a big loss in my book for a more solid phone.The phone is fast and the screen looks great. Some of the new features like the fingerprint scanner are really useful. The S6 did not come pre-installed with as many applications as the S4 did. I'd recommend it based on what I've seen today.
Best Galaxy ever!
Great phone comes with a great price and amazing deal :)
Excellent nothing to complain
Excelente
This is a wonderful Phone
Upgraded from a Nexus 5 which I switched back to after using an iPhone 6. The screen on the S6 is at or above the quality of the iPhone 6, very readable in bright sunlight, very crisp. Call quality is superb (I changed from my Nexus 5 because the speakers were damaged and since I had just fixed the broken screen I decided not to fix the speakers and instead just do an upgrade). Build quality is comparable to the iPhone 6 but surprisingly as light as the Nexus 5. Simply a beautiful phone.Battery life has been great: I've gotten reached 37% @ 10pm but bear in mind I am not the heaviest user but I would say it is better than both the Nexus 5 and iPhone 6 (which I used even less of). It is early days yet but so far I am very happy.The camera is perfection so far. Let's just say I have forgotten about the iPhone 6's camera as being the measure for smartphone cameras.
Execelent
excellent delivered as described good protection
enjoying it!
I love this phone!
Good.
Loved this cellphone, lightning fast and really beautiful design.
Works with T-mobile in the US and works with swedish sim-cards.Got a European charger, and a small adapter for US/JP.The device is very good looking compared to the other phones in the Galaxy S family. The fingerprints on the back however are easy to spot. But that is probably because i chose the Black color, the other ones probably won't have that issue.The biggest downside is the non-removable battery, which means in about 2-3 years when the battery turns into s***, you'll need to send it in to samsung or whatever for a replace.Not being waterproof like its predecessor and not being able ot use an SD-card sucks too. But i can live with that.It feels good in the hand, but is a bit slippery, especially if you put it on your lap etc. but a good phonecase will solve that issue. Right now i have the Neo Hybrid case from Spigen. It keeps the metallic look of the bumper and has a textured back for grip.
Great!
Loved it. Color and feel. Didn't realise that I am getting unlocked duos for this reasonable price.
I bought it for my husband for his birthday ,and he love it.
The phone works fine but it's not possible to set it in Spanish, it only can be set in English or Asian languages.
Perfect in all senses - timely delivery, exactly what I wanted, ready to use right out of the box. Love it.
it nice! I got it.
Excellent
We use this on the P-Tel monthly service, which utilizes the T-Mobile network. Works great.
Its a bery nice and good Phone, like it:)
Fantastic phone, both hardware and software are great.
Perfect device, beautiful e so fast.
Great phone! A good mix of both android and apple... really good cell phone.
Good delivery. Good quality phone
Great phone! Everything arrived in time and with proper seals on boxes. The phone works great and has been a very joyful experience. Buy with confidence.
Really good
Great
This phone is so good... Its camera is great. The speed obviously is good. The frame is beautiful. If it only would be more narrow it would fix perfectly in my hand
Excelent
Very good works excellent satisfied customer
I love my new samsung galaxy phone .
everything OK. but i received the dual sim version. im not complaining about it
6 stars!!!!!
Excellent phone. Well done Amazon.
Great phone!
Excellent. .
Works great, with AT&T, no issues with LTE, but if does display it as 4G. Not sure about the region either because there new 5.1.1 update has not hit it yet even though it's been out for a few weeks.
My husband love it
great
The phone looks so clean I thought I purchased a new one.my only problem is that I was given charger and earpiece but I later realized I got what I bargained for .to some it up.it was a great bargain
excellent product!!!!
love it
Nice little cell phone, it does the work.Battery: ☆☆☆☆ It lasts about 7 hours under non-stop internet surfing, or almost 2 days under regular use at day + power saving mode on at night. It fulfills my needs.System: ☆☆☆☆☆ Smooth and easy to use.Size: ☆☆☆☆ A bit too big for one hand, but it doesn't really matter.Recharge time: ☆☆☆☆ Less than 2 hours with screen off.Life: Unknown atm. I hope it can last for 2 years or perhaps more.
Good, it works.
Excellent
very good product
Excelent!
Perfect.
Excellent, works fiine in venezuela with movistar. The charger didnt come with 110v Americas adapter.
it is an amazing device. Everything works perfectly, an amazing camera. However, the battery runs out really fast. I used to recharge it twice a day. But I have realized that battery lifetime is a huge problem for all types of device nowadays, regardless of the brand. So, I am satisfied with the galaxy S6.
Samsung s6 is the best phone I have used. We have only been using samsung phones for the last 5 years. The phone is easy to use and has great functionality.
Very good
Great purchase!
Excellent
Its a really nice phone I'm happy with my new gadget, just the battery doesn't last long enough just 24 hours, thanks.
I'm so happy I bought this. Nothings wrong. Everything is just right. This is the international version of the phone, so the charger (the wall piece) isn't the same will not fit in the wall sockets in the U.S. and Canada.. and anywhere else that has weird sockets out of the U.S. But outside of the S6 box came an adapter. So I'm glad that saved me a few bucks.HOWEVER!!!!!This is the international version of the phone, so all the updates that come out in the U.S. are not applied to the phone. You will get the updates when the country the phone came from releases the update. (Usually you get it before the U.S.) and...SAMSUNG PAY WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR THIS PHONE... Which im very sad about..
Great
amazing phone and I really recommendthis seller
The phone is totally what I expected. It worked perfectly in Argentina. Nothing else to say. Just perfect. I love it!
Excellent
Good phone
awesome phone
too expressive, could have it at a better price.
excellent cellphone: the future is now, as reads the advertises!!! it was my son's birthday present, and he is very happy with it!!
Great phone and was exactly as described. Only thing missing were the little manual but who needs that. Will check out later when upgrading and their prices are good!
I was definitely pleased with the Samsung Galaxy S6 it met my expectations...happy customer
Excellent product!!!!
Perfect purchase thanks
Not bad but to expensivе for price.
This is a nice looking phone, looks way better then my iPhone 6 Plus, work great too as expected from a Samsung product 👍
Excellent product. I love it. 100% reliable Seller.
Very Good
perfect!!
Good phone love it
Excellent
Arrived quickly and is working just Fine!!!!
Okay so I just got my galaxy s6 delivered today and as expected everything good.The place delivered my phone right the next day I ordered. And for full specifications just search up on Google. And for people without knowledge about compatibility just contact mobile network provider and provide them with the phone information. Everything works good with the phone but probably 3g service won't work with the mobile. I'm not sure but I think it works just fine with at&t in the US. 100% no scam seller
I've had my Samsung Galaxy S6 for almost a month now and it has served all my need. I had to purshase a SMS card from tmobile for $16.00 other than that works great with my tmobile service.Great choice even greater price.
Great quality nice phone.
Nice phone
Great phone! And great seller as well. Fluent communication and solved some issues smoothly. Totally recommended.
Excelent
Geat Item, Serious seller
good
Fantastic purchase!! I am very satisfied with the seller
Very good phone
Love the phone but only gave it 4 stars because the battery life could be better, I have to charge it every night even when it is only used a couple of times through out the day
Excellent
Very good!!!
It's Samsung!
Versión Europea
Love my phone, haven't had any issues with this!
GREAT PHONE!!!!!!!!!! Is even better than I expected. 4k video = AWESOME
very very good
More than I expected! I am in love with the rare topaz blue color of the phone. Not many people were aware of the variation of colors that could be found online. The space on the device is very impressive as well. I am used to getting phones that have only 8 or 16 GB but I have more than half of the space remaining on my phone and I have numerous apps, pictures, and music downloaded that I use. This phone is an unlocked phone and I was able to successfully add it to my existing Straight Talk service to replace an older phone that was broken. The service on the phone is great. The picture quality is better than the older Galaxy S5 that I previously had. There is a very crisp picture and video. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in this phone and the quality of it.
Excellent"""
Best phone EVER! The camera is the best feature. The picture quality is really excellent.The only issue I have, which also happened with the older model is that the battery drains and becomes warm when I have the wifi setting on. So I use my mobile data and it has no issues.
Best phone I ever owned so far camera quality is awesome
Best Phone e ver !
Battery could last more.
Wish I would have waited a little longer to buy, since the price dropped a lot the past few weeks, but the phone itself is amazing. Camera takes remarkable videos, and equally good pictures as my Nikon D3100. I can't make the phone lag no matter how hard I try, it's so fast! Fits great in my hand, but is a bit slippery at times even with a protective case. Screen is amazing. Worth the upgrade from the Nexus 5.
Arrived on time. The phone itself is simply spectacular.I have to admit I was a little skeptical, didnt think it would really be unlocked. But everything came out great. Original packaging!
love this phone from s3 mini to this perfect advanced
it looks great up to now
The phone came in new condition with factory sealed box with unlock tag on it. It is a European phone comes with the European charger. The battery is so amazing that last very long. It has fast charge, that works in USA also. But i don't​ know if any problem comes up in future. I think its a great phone at very cheap prize
Perfect
Good phone, all glass though!! This phone is thin and easy to use. Very slippery, I would suggest getting a case.
Bought for a satisfied customer.
I liked the storage space and the fact that I could put it on MetroPCS
Great
Works well!
is a great smarphone
good
Beautiful screen.Awesome display.Snappy performanceThe only problem I have with this device is the battery life other wise very satisfied
Its new and its working on macedonian sim card!
Absolutely wonderful. Was very happy.
great
Really good , brand new
Evrything as describes! Great Productos and service!
Excellent!!
very good
Perfect
A very good piece of crap it doesn't work anymore. .
This phone is amazing, once you get used to the size of the unit. Battery is great, I don't even think about it. Last all day. 32Gig is enough for everything that I do. I was worried that the memory is going to be an issue because there is no expandable slot, but it's totally fine because there is no model less than 32gig.THE CAMERA IS FANTASTIC
Perfect 👌
I'm absolutely in love with it
An amazing piece of technology
I need to exchange to galaxy s6 edge plus
Great mobile
Excellent product and it works in Argentina
Excellent product write on time
The phone is great. Faster than galaxy s5 but battery last less. However the adaptive fast charging feature is great. If you got it for the car even on a short trip the battery will charge. It support LTE for band 3 (1800mhz). Another feature greatly improved is the fingerprint sensor it really improved a lot. I lock my phone with the fingerprint now. With S5 it does not work that well. Another bad thing is that battery is fixed you can't change the battery. Battery usually fail in one year on many phones.
It's my partner's phone. It's not dual sim. Sim card is the nano size. It doesn't have the ability to expand storage compared to other Samsung models I have seen that have a slot for a micro SD card. In short, there's no convenient way to open the back to gain access to the battery and the micro SD card slot. Other than that, it's a great phone.If you are migrating to this phone, make sure you do a complete backup of all the data in your old phone. Just to be sure.
Excelent 10/10
THIS IS UNLCKOED!!!!
Amazing phone. Exactly what I was expecting. Blazes through all apps and media. Miss the SD and battery but can definitely work with it through the whole day.
Excelente
The team came with a ripping the home button , the return was done .
Pretty solid phone.
It is awesome and portable device I like it.
Excelent
Excelent i recomend you
Great Phone works on Argentina
Thank Excellent
Works great
Everything great!
Excelente producto
Find the phone too big for what I was used to have.
I ordered the Samsung Galaxy s6 white pearl I have a dot may be my phone is not original but when I receive my phone it was original and performance is excellent
Great
Excelente!
Great phone, meet all expectations
Looks like a Iphone6. But I like new Android 5.0. And the camera is very good.
The color is beautiful. It is designed for the dual cards. It is a international version.
After trying my hand on everything from symbian to ios to windows phone to android, I was not going away from android any time soon.In terms of hardware also I have tried them all and the only problem with android phones was that they were kind of ugly.Then came this phone.They have been calling it the best android phone ever and I can even dare say its the best value you can get for a phone presently.I really don't have anything remotely down the negative side from my experience of 2 weeks.some say the battery wont last long,its as good as any other phone I had and its definitely not super but 12 hours average with normal usage is enough for me (and using the power saving mode can squeeze out a couple of extra hours).Another thing that some people may find a negative is non expandable memory, well again atleast for me 32 gigs is pretty cool and you always can dump stuff on your computer and the cloud (dropbox,google drive,onedrive so on..).Paying for storage (its the cheapest component in any device) in not something anyone should be doing (unless you are a corporation).I will be surprised if any phone in the near future will be able to beat this one in terms of value.
The phone looks amazing it 'seems very beautiful. Thank for your fast delivery.I want to ask you though why it is so slow on the Web and applications? I have to make something to work faster? I already upgrade it.
Very good.
It isnt Black, Its blue.
Great phone, very happy I bought it over the iphone. My old iphone was fine, but apple is just too conrolling for me.
Excellent phone. I love it.
Nice phone
the phone itself is good, no problem with it and I totally satisfied. However the adapter for the charger doesn't work, I had to look for a new one since the charger I received cannot use to charge in the kind of the electric sockets in the States.
Bought this phone for my girlfriend cause her Galaxy s4 was getting out dated (screen was starting to flicker) I must say I was impressed with the delivery and condition the phone arrived in considering this was my first time ordering a cell phone through Amazon. Out the box this phone was a beauty my girlfriend loved it especially the colour ( blue being her favourite colour) just before writing this review I asked her again if she was satisfied with her phone, her response was " I LOVE IT! " ........ Need I say more!
Excellent cell phone. Highly recommended.
So far so good.
Love this smart phone
Very nice smartphone, fast, full day battery, amazing pictures. Lag a bit sometimes.
excellant!
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00U8KSUIG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0Samsung Galaxy G920F-S6 32GB Factory Unlocked 5.1" - International Sourced Version - Black
works as expected
Excellent product, at great price it arrived on time and looking as it should... as new.
Wow I'm so please with my galaxy s6. It's doing what I want. Everything works well..
Great phone. Excellent Value for the money
Sometimes get stuck
Love this phone. excelent relation Price-Quality.
Perfect. It was brand new, works both in Grenada and in the united states (T-mobile).
Bought this for my brother and he was ecstatic. Just what he wanted!
It's a great product, almost everything worked great, but since this is an international version, Samsung pay will not work on it, I also wish it would come with a US charger instead of a European-American power adapter, but that's not really a huge problem, overall solid 9/11.
Works great, looks great and quick charge is amazing, Didn't come with much bloatware and I could disable many of those apps. I was worried about touchwiz but I got a more "pure android" experience by installing the Google launcher and the material design theme, feels practically the same. Battery life is not that good but is not bad either, and quick charge makes up for it. I'm in love with my new phone.
Nice. I am enjoying it
awesome
 I've been testing this out for work and the S6 is a brilliant mobile.It's easy (if long winded if you opt to use the fingerprint scanner) to setup, and once connected to WiFi it updated to Android 6.0.1.If you do take the the time to setup the fingerprint scanner you’ll benefit from fast unlocking without the need to enter a pin or screen code, just pickup the phone, pop your thumb on the sensor and it unlocks.Unlike the previous plastic S5 the S6 feels like a premium handset with a lovely design. The only thing that might bug you is the camera around the back, which sticks out a little bit from the back of the body.Interestingly next to the rear camera is not only a flash, but a small health sensor for measuring things like your heart rate.Samsung have kept the S6 relatively bloatware free, things like the health sensor make use of the included S Health app and the apps pre installed all seem like they might be useful.Unfortunately there isn’t the option to add a microSD card, however this is somewhat mitigated by being given 100GB of OneDrive storage space free for 2 years.The camera on this is brilliant, shots are lovely and clear, the autofocusing works well, you can pull focus to certain spots, good depth of field, you really won’t need a dedicated camera if you have this in your pocket!The S6 also impresses when playing games. The screen looks gorgeous and it’s big enough to allow the use of onscreen controls without your hands getting in the way of the action.Worth noting the speakers are located on the bottom of the handset so if you are a gamer that plays a lot of landscape games you might find your hand covering the speaker and muffling the sound a little.It might not be the newest Samsung phone, but it still has a lot to offer, it’s easy to see why Samsung are doing so well in mobiles.
I love my phone, works perfect...great camera. Works perfect in Venezuela
IT WORKS GREAT I LOVE IT THANK YOU , AMAZON !!!
Awesome phone it matches the description 100%
Hi I got samsung s6 todayNot much explored the phone but 2 things observed1) battery is very hot after few mins of charging , Is it safe or should I return back ?2) at the back of samsung phone , samsung 6 is not printed . Is this original piece . How should I verify ?
This is the best phone on market. The camera is amazing
The phone is great but there are two things that I was concerning about:1. I ordered G920F and the seller sent me G920FD which is actually the dual sim version and I don't know if that is the better option.2. When I turned on the phone, the battery was on 38% and for less than an hour of use the battery drained.
Excellent device, very satisfied with the product
Excelent
Fast delivery, excellent overall experience.
Perfect!
Great!
Great equipment, works fine in several LTE networks in Latin America. Does not work for Claro Puerto Rico.New equipment, fast shipment.
LOVE!!!! Works with straight talk without difficulty. Fast processor, can do multiple things at the same time. And it is Beautiful!
I love it!
Mine's battery didn't work for me AT ALL
Thanks I like this cell phone ; very fast delivery I lived in Honduras
Given as a gift
Excelente!!
I am evaluating the Galaxy S6 920F through a narrow lens. We upgraded to Galaxy S6s from Galaxy S2s, and until now, we have purchased our phones on contract through AT&T as our carrier. We bought two phones through Amazon (Tek Deals). The phones arrived on time and in sealed boxes with a separate two prong European to US power adapter that fits on the European round pin charger. In both phones, the adapter fit too loosely over the European pins, and appeared unable to stay connected with any kind of minor jostling of the cord. Fortunately, the adapter was easy to take apart and I used a pair of pliers to squeeze the spring clip legs together, which easily fixed the problem. Of course, the adapter does make the charger stick further out. Our old S2 chargers will work, but the charging rate is lower, because they are only 1A chargers, rather than the standard 2A fast charger that comes with the S6. We took the phones to our local AT&T carrier store, and obtained SIM chips; I was pleased that the SIMs and switch over was free ( at least in our area).Coming from the Galaxy S2 to the S6 constitutes a big uptick in speed of everything, from downloading to app loading and operation. The screen is not only larger, but as expected, much sharper. We downloaded the Samsung Smart Switch mobile apps to the new and old phones to transfer as much information as possible. The app worked great. Google accounts transferred seamlessly, but some other accounts manually updating the username and passwords. Of course, all the wifi routers passwords had to be added manually.One feature missing on the phone, which apparently exists on US carrier branded phones, is the ability to alphabetically arrange apps with a one button click. At this time, apps are organized by when they were downloaded. App reorganization is a manual operation that can take quite a bit of time.I was used to seeing 4G/LTE on the notification panel on our old branded S2s, but on the 920F, only "4G" shows up. This worried me, despite researching that the necessary channels for 4G/LTE are active on the phone. From reading, and I believe, editing out misinformation on some sites, the international version only shows "4G", which is "4G/LTE".As noted by others, updates seem to just keep coming over a couple of days, but compared to an S2, the updates happen several times faster.The phone is slippery; wife already dropped hers once, and it was only one day old! Fortunately, no damage. New case will help.A concern, like for others, was battery life. It is often very difficult to compare usage from other users, who too often complain about battery life, without a hint about their usage. We live around 1/4 mile from the nearest cell tower, which is line of site, so 4G communication is quite good. Our wifi routers are generally within 50 ft of where the phones are used in our multilevel home. Wifi is used on an intermittent basis for updates or adding apps or heavy browsing sessions, to ensure staying under our carrier plan data cap. I am definitely a low level user, checking weather several times a day, reading and composing a few messages a day with or without attachments, an occasional email, and taking several camera shots a week. Syncing is set to automatic. I do not listen to music on the phone, or watch videos during the test periods. I may average a couple of calls a day. I may use a browser several times a day in either 4G/LTE mode or wifi. There were a number of updates or apps downloaded during the test measuring periods.. With power saving mode activated, I monitored my average battery usage over several charges. After 32 hrs battery reserve was down to ~65 %. Somewhere between 46 hrs to 67 hrs, battery reserve was 53%-56%. A worst case was leaving wifi on for about 10 hours, which drained the battery to 65% capacity in 23 hrs with minimal use (mianly overnight). Obviously, as a low level user, close to a cell phone tower and wifi routers, these values represent a minimal battery drain comparison baseline. I can get away with charging my wife evey second day. My wife's usage is greater, but even in her case, battery usage was similar, and she could charge every second day if she wished, but she is used to charging her phone every day anyway. For those whose life is not marginalized by their cell phone, I would say battery life should be quite acceptable and noticeably better, especially if upgrading from a smart phone that is several generations (like three years) back. Compared to our S2, my impression is that wifi mode does not drain the phone battery nearly as fast as our old S2s
Great phoneand great customer service
excellent
Pretty good phone. No complaints
Great product - thanks!
Excellent Phone, astonishing camera, and very good performance at all.
LIKE IT
Its a great phone, i live in venezuela and it works fantastic!
so I bought this for a friend actually, and its all good so far, she loves the upgrade and the cool pics it takes.
I love my new phone. I was hesitant about rolling my accts over because I thought it would be tedious. It was not.
Great. 👍🏽
Excellent!
everything came well and everything we is working.
excellent buy
It's a great phone upgraded from the nexus 5. But comparing the price of a nexus and the s6 I'd say the s6 is not worth the extra 200 bucks. Great phone just costs alot.
Not issues......love the phone
excellent , the package arrive on time
Best phone I had so far!
Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920F 32GB (Factory Unlocked) 5.1" - International Version - Black I bought this phone to use for Straight Talk and it works perfectly and the transfer only took like 20 minutes. Everything works and everything was included in the box that should have been included. My phone was not working at first and I was about ready to go ballistic. Googled the problem, troubleshooted, fixed in like 5 minutes. Bought from DeltaMobiles and the phone arrived early and tamper sticker was still intact. It doesn't say I have 4G LTE on my phone but its going as fast as my old phone that said 4G LTE so its working for me. Impressed with the phone and the updated OS. Camera is insanely good and the video is awesome. The screen is so beautiful I cry. Loving the phone so far.
I love this phone! It's a larger version of the moto x 2nd gen.
Was exactly what was ordered, worked perfectly, but had to return because it was an unwanted xmas present.
Nice phone.....battery not so great. Camera and camera features (such as editing) not as good as my LG G3.
New, international, works in Dominican Republic
The phone is good but the charger has a 3 pin plug which is no good to me. Normally a new phone comes with a US and European plug but this is not the case. The seller should include charger plug for country where the order was placed
Great
Excellent
Love it! Fits perfectly and feels sturdy.
Love it
I saved $150 ordering this from here rather than buying at AT&T, it arrived in a factory sealed box, and I have had no issues with this. The employees as the AT&T store were very curious where I had bought this phone, and said they had not seen this color S6 available.Took about 15 minutes to get a SIM card installed & the phone set up. I love this phone!
Just received it, and so far after a couple days i love it and no problems.Lets keep fingers crossed.
Perfect! Works in Argentina
All ok!
Super comfortable. Lots of padding. Ayyyeee
camera is great perfect size
The product was delivered on the appointed day.
VERY HAPPY WITH THE PHONE,I SENT IT OVERSEAS AND I WAS AFRAID IT WASN'T GOING TO WORK,I HAD A BAD EXPERIENCE BEFORE.NOT THIS CELLPHONE! WORKS GREAT, AND WE ARE VERY HAPPY,THE CONS IS THAT IT DOESN'T HAVE A SPANISH KEYBOARD,OTHER THAN THAT WORKS PERFECT!PRICE IS NOT BAD,OVERSEAS IT COST WAY MORE THAN THAT
LOVE IT
Love it✊✊
Great product!
So far is the best smartphone that i have used, great video resolution, processor runs very fast, much better than the Iphone.
Hands down, best phone ever
Work Perfectly
Everithing was exellent. The Phone is great and the shipping was faster than I thought. Fantastic shopping experience.
This phone was exactly what I expected. I recommend that anyone interested in purchasing this phone to get it. You will not be disappointed.
Excellent
Great phone.
it is a real S6, it is International and it is unlocked.(you may want to buy protector case because the phone feels very slippery)
Excellent! It was delivered before the estimated date.
muy bueno
The cellphone is very good, I can use it in seconds, all the conditions are like the offer.
excellent
works right
Received product in original condition exceptThere was no receipt in it
A very nice upgrade from the S3 where the apps were so heavy that it was responding sluggishly.
So far I think it is an excellent phone, and a decent upgrade from S5
Excelente phone, excelente conditions
Awesome phone! Only small criticism is that the american outlet adapter that came with the phone was junk. I suggest buying an american charger along with the unit.
wonderfull celphone, and beautifull!
Excellent phone , on time !
Excellent
It's good. Not a clean scrolling a's a Windows Phone but better app ecosystem.
Thanks fantastic
Perfect!!! Fast shipping
Pretty impressed with this phone, truly more than I expected. The only con I see is that it can not be opened to change the battery, which by the way, does not last any longer than it's predecessors. Not even the lack of expandable memory bothers me, I feel 32 Gb and cloud services will suffice.
Fast delivery and as aspected.
Works pefectly in Digitel Venezuela
Got it in January and I love it. Works great
Great phone.
Just a great product
Got this as a gift for my husband and he loves it. I was a little skeptical about ordering a phone online but we are both very happy with our purchase.
Was good
I wish it was the type that takes 2 sim cards.
Nice cell phone and have a fast delivery
This Product is awesome
This phone is absoulutly perfect and everything i hoped it would be for my boyfriend he cant wait to use it!!! Shipping was a little late but that wasnt there fault 😊😊😊😊😊 amazing phone id deffinitly recomend this!!
Excelente!!!
My daughter loves it!!! Didn't have the galaxy s6 logo on the back though.
This phone is one of the best phones and I will recommend it for anyone looking for a phone, which can do everything perfect.
Love it
Excellent in all sense. Great device. Great service and delivery!!
I love my phone!!!
Looks good!
Excelent, the phone arrived 3 days earlier, excelent conditions. Highly recomended
Slick design, fast processing, simply great for all my business and entertainment needs.
Love the phone, it was unlock to use with any carrier. The charger is the european one so you might consider buying another for U.S. plugs. The phone came with an adapter for U.S. plugs but it was broken as it came in a bag outside the box. The phone also only works with micro SIM card.
For starters, I bought this model of phone used in "Like New Condition". Doesn't even have a scratch on it! Saved me $100 off the phone. If you do plan on buying this used like I did please read the description. I was luck enough to find one that had only been used for 1 month. Second, it came almost a whole week earlier than what the tracking said! I love the color of the phone! It's very rich and vibrant. Walmart was the only one that had this color available, but only through their website and it cost more than what Amazon had to offer. Third the G920F threw me off a little bit. After doing some research, I found out that it just means the phone came from a different country. You can do your own research on google by just typing in the serial number. Fine whatever, it works great! Even with my current carrier, Cricket Wireless. They do take "unlocked" phones into their network. Just gotta check with them first on the model of the phone. Since they sale Samsung Galaxy S6 it was a no brainier. I love the 32GB of memory. The camera works great. Bunch of new effects I'm not use to having. All my data transferred over with ease. I have no issues, problems or cons about this phone. I love it!
Very glad to have a great product at a great price. Thanks to fast delivery, will buy again next time. Thank you.
Worked right out of the Box. Because its the G920F version finding the exact model on Samsung's US site is tricky and frankly not necessary.The box arrived clean, and perfectly sealed. (if your box arrives and the Seal is damaged I recommend contacting the seller). The contents were all present and accounted for including a separately packaged US plug adapter. I now have Another 6' Micro USB cable. :)The phone had 49% charge upton powering it on, and the initial setup was simple.I used the "Smart Switch" software provided by Samsung to move all my crap from my S5 to my S6. How ever, it does not copy the OS settings. Just your data.I did have to take some scissors and trim down my SIM card to make it fit the Card Carriage that the S6 uses. But that was a minor issue.One it was setup and the data was copied over I was very happy with it. Fast, responsive, the new fingerprint reader is a lot easier to use.Now I have to setup the OS once again, but that's half the fun. :)
I love Samsung products!
Phone came as it should have, everything was included: earbuds, charger, manual, all in original packaging. This is four stars because I know this phone was supposed to come with a Samsung fast charger, which I did get. But it is a ginormous two piece charger that is unnecessary. It's twice as large as the one that was supposed to be included.Now the phone is a beast. After about a month my only complaints are that the phone does get unnecessarily warm even when not gaming and the battery life can last you about a day, which is fine considering the phone can charge from 25% to full in about an hour.
Everything perfect
Great product e perfect delivery on time.
Everything is intact with this phone it is awesome and works perfectly
Very nice phone.... from iphone 4s to Galaxy S6.... is really an other concept of world... nothing bad to say!
Excellent
Factory quality. Works just fine in Belize. Compatible with all the networks here.
Great phone
Excellent cell phone, I had Samsung S3 but the difference is totally, very fast, the screen is very comfortable. Just wanting it to be waterproof as Samsung S5.
It doesn't have LTE with at&t
great product
I lovery my new phone. I just sorry the S7 was not out in blue
Works great in Miami with T-Mobile 4G LTE, phone was brand new, original box and accessories included, I order two of them and they work great
The S6 beats all the iPhones by a long shot (in my opinion). The display is absolutely fantabulous, better than iPhones, showing even the most microscopic details into perfection. It is the fastest device I've ever used with the stunning 3 GB of RAM (compared to newest iPhone's 1 GB). I love photography and with the 16 MP (newest iPhone has 8 MP), this is by far better than even $200 dollar cameras you find in stores. The 32 GB of memory provide all the room I could possibly want. I have had this phone for over 8 months now and still have over 14 GB left after all apps and music have been downloaded. The speakers provide great sound (better than any iPhone) and the bulge of the camera can easily be covered by a case, and I don't think it's worth buying the S7 just for the flat camera. I haven't had a single problem with anything about this phone. Last thing, the charger for this thing is absolutely beast. It is a fast charger built specifically for this phone and charges from 1% to 100% in just 1 hour. I bought the wireless charger but never use it because of this amazing charger, I wouldn't waste time and money on the wireless because it takes so much longer to charge. If you are trying to decide whether to get this or the iPhone, go with this one, you'll love it. RAM and Camera and Display are 2-3 times better than even the lastest iPhones.
Sealed pack new box...all the things perfectly fine...
Works fine a year later. The phone has slowed down, but that's not the seller's fault. I am happy with this purchase.
excellent
Very Nice.
Contained all accessories as listed and was good as new
Worked as described and has been a very good buy.
It's perfect!!! Fantastic phone and fantastic dealer. Thanks!!
This phone came in perfect condition, in a factory sealed box... packaged exactly as you would find it in any retail store here in the U.S. It's came factory unlocked, so it's ready to be used on any compatible mobile system. The box contained the S6, a set of ear buds, a 1 meter USB to micro-usb cable, a quick charger, and a tool to pop out the SIM card holder.The phone I received was destined for the United Arab Emirate, so the included quick charger was configured for their wall outlets and not the ones here in the U.S. I did test it with one of my international outlet adapters and it charges the S6 properly. There were also a few pre-installed apps that are probably popular/useful in the UAE.Over-all, I'm happy with this purchase.
The phone itself is great! Ive always had an iPhone so really liking the bigger screen although carrying it around in my pocket is not as easy.I bought this phone to use for a school project and therefore DO NOT use it as an actual phone. The reason why I am saying this is because my phone came with a defective sim tray. I have tried to open my sim tray but it is stuck and does not open. I know sim trays sometimes needs a lot of force to open but this one is 100% stuck. Luckily for me, I didnt need access to the sim tray in the first place but for those of you looking to use it as a normal phone, keep this in mind.
love it for a year.
very good
excellent product
excellent phone, very good price and quality. Four good
I think it's suit for me. I really like this phone.
It not the latest but it has all the needed features and it's much cheaper than the last version.
Great phone!!!
the product came in perfect condition. 100% New
Excellent product. Fast delivery. Awesome price!!
Love my new phone!!
Excellent !!
EXCELENT
excellent
Excelente
Excelent product!!!
Great A++
Very good state of the phone
good
Perfect
wish it had a micro sd card slot available...other than that.. It's great. My mom loves it!
Love it!
Very happy with the phone and delivery.
Great quality phone. When I purchased I was worried because several reviews cited problems with seals broken and possible inauthentic phones. The S6 I received was in perfect condition and def brand new. Purchased from seller theCoos with prime shipping, ordered in Black on the 18th got it on the 20th. So far it works as expected.
So far I like the size. I also like the abilities of the phone. The camera is awesome.
yes after one year she still loves it, but unfortunately THE MOTHER BOARD IS DEAD AND THE PHONE IS USELESS. ALL INFORMATION STORED IS LOST.
The screen is incredible. Like really incredible. The resolution is better than my eye can see. I use a Galaxy S4 as my regular phone and it has great resolution where you can't see individual pixels. I thought the S4 screen was as good as you can get, but the S6 screen takes it to a whole new level. Even though you can't see pixels on either screen, the higher resolution of the S6 screen makes everything look so sharp that it's nearly impossible to tell you are looking at a screen. It's that incredible.The design of the phone just feels more 'expensive'. I mean that in a good way. It feels just higher quality than previous models in the Galaxy S line. The S3 and S4 for example are often critiqued for having a plastic shell. The S6 has a metal band around the outside that just makes it feel 'premium' in your hand. It should also provide more protection for the device as well.TouchWiz is HEAVILY scaled back. I hate TouchWiz (Samsung's version of Android) It adds a layer of UI that is neither helpful nor intuitive. And it's a resource hog which slows the phone down for important tasks just so it can make the scrolling smoother, and other such useless tradeoffs. On the S6 TouchWiz was barely noticeable. The UI looks more like the standard Google Android Lollipop interface. It was all just much smoother and simpler and better and wonderful. I finally ended up going with the s6 since it seems like the usability rating was much higher and I didn't want to end up being an apple fanboy.. check out that site if you want to see the different phone models in a side by side comparison.
Good.
excelente
Like it
it functions well
not is anti water
I really like it but sometimes I don't know if it was my service that was slow or my phone. Also when I was talking on the phone it would make a weird noise sometimes.
nice phone. got it with russian printed box but not a problem since its easy to change the language.
Amazing phone !!!! I will send it in Ethiopia for my family instead of "Samsung Galaxy grand" that I sent before no work.
Was looking for international phone and got it for very good price.awsome performancePros- best screen ,excellent cameraCons - none as of now
I was a bit skeptical when I was purchasing this phone but now I'm 100% satisfied. This is a genuine phone and it comes with all accessories. It performs perfectly and so far I can't complain about anything. Thanks wireless place for your excellent service
Love the color and have had no problems with the phone.
I didn not receive the stylus with this phone. it seems to work pretty well and I like the clarity of the screen.
Kick ass phone works like a charm
I had Galaxy S4 for couple years, the S6 is even better. Thank you Amazon for the great opportunity.
It's great!!!
Works as expected!
It's works great I love the color everything I recommend
I love it very much!
Excelente.
It was a Christmas gify for someone else. No complaints heard so far.
wife loves it
Loved it!!! Not overly large like other smart phones. Slim, sleek and lightweight design makes it great phone to have
Great
100% recomendable
After reading many reviews, I began to get worried about the authenticity of the phone. Some said that it was fake, or that the battery life on the device was terrible, so I was prepared to return it if it were not real. I purchased this on June 29, 2016 and received it on July 1, 2016. When handed the box from the UPS deliverer, it was in great shape. I slid the Samsung Galaxy S6 box out of the one it was shipped in, and was glad to see that THE SEAL WAS NOT BROKEN, and was the correct color. I then opened the box and saw the phone with all of the original accessories included. Unfortunately it is the international version and there is no warranty provided. So I made some calls and found out that you can PURCHASE 2 YEARS of warranty off of Samsung.com. When you search for "Protection Plus" a screen will appear, providing you with the option of buying 2 YEARS OF WARRANTY for $99.00. The phone works fantastic and is lightning quick. Its battery life is great and It is totally worth the purchase. I decided to write this review to include things that I wish others would have included. Lastly, I use MetroPCS and it works great. Also, there are many unanswered comments on other post like "Who was your seller" or "Who'd you buy from". I'll gladly tell you that I purchased this device from lifeline786. He shipped quick and answered many questions that I asked through email, almost immediately. Some say that the model code on this phone is fake "SM-G920F" but it's not. This model code means that it is a global version of the phone. Hope this helps! :)
Great physical view. Any scratch. Better tan advertised.
otimo.
This phone is thee best for my dad I like it
everithing ok
Like some other review has mentioned, this phone does not pick up signal very well. I had severe problem with it for a while, but it seems to be ok recently. There are some other things I do not like, such as the light being way too bright to me and the tone is overly yellow. But they are really just personal preference. One huge plus I have for this phone is it does charge really fast.
Love this device! It even came before I expected it too!
Reviews of this phone everywhere on the internet says it all. #1 phone of 2015. There could be a little, just a little more color variety :) Besides that nothing else to say.
Great phone but takes some time to setup. Has a great screen and takes very good photos.
Ver y goog
Great phone but battery life socks, big time
everything worked perfectly
All is Okey
Exactly as advertised by seller....we were very pleased with items
Excellent!
Awesome and friendly usable phone.
I received the Samsung Galaxy S6 G920F Unlocked Cell Phone - International Sourced Version - White Pearl, but the power adapted is UK version, I need the US version, I would have to find an adpator to converter from UK version to US version, to charge my phone or buy a new charger.
It's a really good phone! The size is just perfect, not too big and not small. It works perfectly, better then my old Galaxy S5 mini.
Great stuff, very cool.
Great!!!
I love this phone. It has great features.
It's fantastic
I love my phone..
Phone works well. Battery life is great and I have not experienced any problems thus far. I love it!
Very good
Purchased from Wireless Place (Fulfilled by Amazon). The phone is genuine, it has a clean IMEI and untouched KNOX counter. This version comes with a UK charger and a U.S. adapter. It's been over a week, and the phone works great.
Great phone works like new.
Nice phone. Awesome camera
The phone came with everything and it works perfect considering I'm using it in the Caribbean but my only issue was getting faulty earphones
Purchased this for my wife and it came sealed, did not encounter any problems. Delivery was fast and I don't live in the US. My items are shipped to a forwarding company in the US and then they ship it to me. But over all fast. My wife loves it very much. But it's been a few days so I will maybe give an update again after a month or so. But again, quick delivery and nice phone.
Excellent product.
Amazing Phone.The Samsung Galaxy S6 Pops out at you once you open it from the box. From an easy set up, to a fantastic android synchronization, this phone does it all. Camera has AMAZING QUALITY. Fingerprint Sensor. Everything the Iphone 6s+ has, but even more with higher quality and more features than the Iphone can possibly accomplish. This phone comes with Microsoft word, excel, powerpoint. It can record in Ultra HD. It can record in slow motion. It can fly, and it can order you pizza to fly and get it for you.Please purchase this or the S7.The Edge version has the same specs but is weather/terrain/shock resistant.
Ok
Would recommend to a friend.
Works beautifully.
My father love the phone.
Really liked this phone but the warranty is handled by Malaysia. Wish I would have known that before I purchased it. An investment like this needs to have some kind of insurance but not fulfilled by another country.
This is a really good phone. Everything is perfect!!!
GOOD THANK YOU
Very good product
Love my phone!!! Didn't have any problems when connecting to my server.
10!!!
This was definitely tge best product ever. everything was perfect. thanks seller
The phone looks so clean I thought I purchased a new one.my only problem is that I was given charger and earpiece but I later realized I got what I bargained for .to some it up.it was a great bargain
excellent product!!!!
love it
Nice little cell phone, it does the work.Battery: ☆☆☆☆ It lasts about 7 hours under non-stop internet surfing, or almost 2 days under regular use at day + power saving mode on at night. It fulfills my needs.System: ☆☆☆☆☆ Smooth and easy to use.Size: ☆☆☆☆ A bit too big for one hand, but it doesn't really matter.Recharge time: ☆☆☆☆ Less than 2 hours with screen off.Life: Unknown atm. I hope it can last for 2 years or perhaps more.
Good
very well
Excelen very good I love this phone
fast shipping and beautiful cellphone
excelent
Gift for a lady. She loves it but her kids promptly broke the screen. Bought it to use in Mexico.
been black out.. won't turn on..i searched i found answer online...now its doing good
Quite handy and worth the price. I have become more health conscious as I am now able to keep truck of lifestyle and unhealthy habits.
Highly recommended!
Living overseas and wanted a phone I could use here, with a fantastic camera. This purchase serves all those purposes. I bought the turquoise because it was a few dollars cheaper, figuring it would be covered by the case, which isn't quite true. The color case I bought clashes with the turquoise where it shows through along the top.
Excelente
Great product!
Nice Phone fits all my needsand is top notch
exelemte
Great Transaction, Outstanding phone, a bit pricey but the best possible at this time.
👍🏼👍🏼
I bought the international version. Has less branded bloatware, but the plug included in the box was I think European. The seller included a USA plug adapter outside the box. Very pleased so far.
Almost a year later and it works perfectly fine!! Great buy!
love it to the max
Love the form factor of the S6 is my second one and is a very solid phone with a very good camera.
All in order
PERFECT
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00U8KSUIG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0Samsung Galaxy G920F-S6 32GB Factory Unlocked 5.1" - International Sourced Version - Black
works as expected
Love it.. Glad I purchased it...
the item was perfect, as published.
THANK YOU.
it is amazing so far. Have to take a little getting use to.
Arrives in excellent condition it's working very good, thank you very munch.
love it
Its best android phone by samsung great specifications, better than iphone 6s in half of the price.I would recommend this to anyone morethan iphone6s
Excelent product. Great dealer!
Restarts itself often
So far so good, it works with T-Mobile and charge holds up almost all day with internet use.Color is great and camera photo quality is great.
Perfect!!! Problems with the package with grass in the box - but the phone work very well.
Awesome!
Great phone...best phone I've ever had...
The phone I received was perfect! Brand new retail packaging absolutely perfect.I unfortunately had to return it because I couldn't take it to the carrier I was planning on using it with but that was totally my fault for not researching enough. The return process was super simple and the rep that helped me was super nice over the phone! Definitely recommend this product just make sure it's compatible with the carrier u have or are planning to use this phone with.
I wish it was the type that takes 2 sim cards.
Nice cell phone and have a fast delivery
This Product is awesome
Excellent phone. It comes unlocked and can be used in Venezuela with movistar
the product was easy to use and worked well
I bought this phone for my husband. It was a surprise. He absolutely loves it. It was at a great prices, and the phone works perfect. I just wish it the shipping time could of been a lot faster. I was to excited to see the excitement on his face.
Nice fast phone.
not is anti water
I really like it but sometimes I don't know if it was my service that was slow or my phone. Also when I was talking on the phone it would make a weird noise sometimes.
nice phone. got it with russian printed box but not a problem since its easy to change the language.
The phone is great. Faster than galaxy s5 but battery last less. However the adaptive fast charging feature is great. If you got it for the car even on a short trip the battery will charge. It support LTE for band 3 (1800mhz). Another feature greatly improved is the fingerprint sensor it really improved a lot. I lock my phone with the fingerprint now. With S5 it does not work that well. Another bad thing is that battery is fixed you can't change the battery. Battery usually fail in one year on many phones.
It's my partner's phone. It's not dual sim. Sim card is the nano size. It doesn't have the ability to expand storage compared to other Samsung models I have seen that have a slot for a micro SD card. In short, there's no convenient way to open the back to gain access to the battery and the micro SD card slot. Other than that, it's a great phone.If you are migrating to this phone, make sure you do a complete backup of all the data in your old phone. Just to be sure.
THIS IS UNLCKOED!!!!
Amazing phone. Exactly what I was expecting. Blazes through all apps and media. Miss the SD and battery but can definitely work with it through the whole day.
Excelente
Best phone I have ever hold I'm my hand.
Excellent product!!!!!!
Best phone in the armer right now !!
Find the phone too big for what I was used to have.
I ordered the Samsung Galaxy s6 white pearl I have a dot may be my phone is not original but when I receive my phone it was original and performance is excellent
Great
Excelente!
Great phone, meet all expectations
Very Good
perfect!!
Excelent
Excelent i recomend you
Great Phone works on Argentina
Thank Excellent
Very very happy with the product and service.
Sleek looking and I love the fast charging feature.
Phone is awesome(writing this review on it right now) it came 2 days before it said it was going to so thats always good. Not a scratch dent or fingerprint on it, the only thing I could complain about is the headphones, it came with earbuds that were for the s3 and s4 since then they have been updated however they work fine with this phone so its not that big of a deal. If you're looking for this phone but not all full price this is the best possible deal.
Very good product
so I bought this for a friend actually, and its all good so far, she loves the upgrade and the cool pics it takes.
I love my new phone. I was hesitant about rolling my accts over because I thought it would be tedious. It was not.
Great. 👍🏽
Very happy with the phone and delivery.
Great quality phone. When I purchased I was worried because several reviews cited problems with seals broken and possible inauthentic phones. The S6 I received was in perfect condition and def brand new. Purchased from seller theCoos with prime shipping, ordered in Black on the 18th got it on the 20th. So far it works as expected.
So far I like the size. I also like the abilities of the phone. The camera is awesome.
Works with T-mobile in the US and works with swedish sim-cards.Got a European charger, and a small adapter for US/JP.The device is very good looking compared to the other phones in the Galaxy S family. The fingerprints on the back however are easy to spot. But that is probably because i chose the Black color, the other ones probably won't have that issue.The biggest downside is the non-removable battery, which means in about 2-3 years when the battery turns into s***, you'll need to send it in to samsung or whatever for a replace.Not being waterproof like its predecessor and not being able ot use an SD-card sucks too. But i can live with that.It feels good in the hand, but is a bit slippery, especially if you put it on your lap etc. but a good phonecase will solve that issue. Right now i have the Neo Hybrid case from Spigen. It keeps the metallic look of the bumper and has a textured back for grip.
Great!
I bought it for my husband for his birthday ,and he love it.
The phone works fine but it's not possible to set it in Spanish, it only can be set in English or Asian languages.
Perfect in all senses - timely delivery, exactly what I wanted, ready to use right out of the box. Love it.
Everything perfect
Great product e perfect delivery on time.
Love the phone but only gave it 4 stars because the battery life could be better, I have to charge it every night even when it is only used a couple of times through out the day
Excellent
Very good!!!
It's Samsung!
Galaxy S6 is the best!
everythinks ok
it my first smart phone love it
Very good.
It isnt Black, Its blue.
Great phone, very happy I bought it over the iphone. My old iphone was fine, but apple is just too conrolling for me.
Excellent phone. I love it.
Nice phone
IT WORKS GREAT I LOVE IT THANK YOU , AMAZON !!!
Awesome phone it matches the description 100%
Hi I got samsung s6 todayNot much explored the phone but 2 things observed1) battery is very hot after few mins of charging , Is it safe or should I return back ?2) at the back of samsung phone , samsung 6 is not printed . Is this original piece . How should I verify ?
This is the best phone on market. The camera is amazing
awesome phone
too expressive, could have it at a better price.
excellent cellphone: the future is now, as reads the advertises!!! it was my son's birthday present, and he is very happy with it!!
Great phone and was exactly as described. Only thing missing were the little manual but who needs that. Will check out later when upgrading and their prices are good!
Beautiful screen.Awesome display.Snappy performanceThe only problem I have with this device is the battery life other wise very satisfied
Its new and its working on macedonian sim card!
Absolutely wonderful. Was very happy.
great
Nice. I am enjoying it
awesome
 I've been testing this out for work and the S6 is a brilliant mobile.It's easy (if long winded if you opt to use the fingerprint scanner) to setup, and once connected to WiFi it updated to Android 6.0.1.If you do take the the time to setup the fingerprint scanner you’ll benefit from fast unlocking without the need to enter a pin or screen code, just pickup the phone, pop your thumb on the sensor and it unlocks.Unlike the previous plastic S5 the S6 feels like a premium handset with a lovely design. The only thing that might bug you is the camera around the back, which sticks out a little bit from the back of the body.Interestingly next to the rear camera is not only a flash, but a small health sensor for measuring things like your heart rate.Samsung have kept the S6 relatively bloatware free, things like the health sensor make use of the included S Health app and the apps pre installed all seem like they might be useful.Unfortunately there isn’t the option to add a microSD card, however this is somewhat mitigated by being given 100GB of OneDrive storage space free for 2 years.The camera on this is brilliant, shots are lovely and clear, the autofocusing works well, you can pull focus to certain spots, good depth of field, you really won’t need a dedicated camera if you have this in your pocket!The S6 also impresses when playing games. The screen looks gorgeous and it’s big enough to allow the use of onscreen controls without your hands getting in the way of the action.Worth noting the speakers are located on the bottom of the handset so if you are a gamer that plays a lot of landscape games you might find your hand covering the speaker and muffling the sound a little.It might not be the newest Samsung phone, but it still has a lot to offer, it’s easy to see why Samsung are doing so well in mobiles.
I love my phone, works perfect...great camera. Works perfect in Venezuela
Works well for the Gear VR
So far so good.
Love this smart phone
Very nice smartphone, fast, full day battery, amazing pictures. Lag a bit sometimes.
excellant!
Excellent phone, it works at expected
Very good
Very good phone. It's almost faultless. The battery works only slightly better than Galaxy S5. A little unclear how to adapt some if it's functions to my preferences. It works very well with just a few niggles I don't like. The gold colour of it is barely noticeable.
I love my s6 so much but the screens sensitivity seems to be unresponsive at times. Like certain parts of the screen don't work immediately so you have to press it multiple times. This is definitely a real Galaxy s6 phone tho for those who are skeptical of the authenticity of this product.
Pretty good phone!
Great phone. Meets my needs but I was upgrading...
Great product! I absolutely love this phone...after a very disappointing experience with sony xperia I will never change my samsung devices
Overall it's a good phone, got the color in blue and it's gorgeous. The only complain is the battery life, you definitely need to charge it on a daily basis.
Great buy
No unpleasant surprises. It is what they say it is.
Korean model light blue. Love it...
Update: the issue was solved. The sim card was the problem not the phone.i bought this phone to my wife, she is so happy with it. the only thing that could be a complaint is that in my country lte does not work with it.telephone carrier Claro Ecuador
good package .. Nice phone ... as per my expectations .. thanks
I am enjoying it. Still learning about the various features.
Its the perfect phone 5 stars
Stylish phone with several useful apps
I knew the galaxy s6's to be really good phones. Now that I have one of my own, I know for sure its beyond great. I love the color, and its super fun seeing peoples reaction to it. Also very sturdy, and the gorilla glass covering it all has proven very effective in protecting it. The camera is about as good as anything you would find even in dslrs. Couldn't ever say enough about how great this phone is. But as a final note, the battery life is beyond satisfactory. I am easily getting 14 to 16 hours on a regular basis.
Just as described
Excelent! !!!
Lost my iPhone to water. 2 days after getting this phone it was filming my daughter in the pool underwater. Operating systems are so similar I barely noticed the difference. Many compliments on how sharp and clear the pictures are. Overall satisfaction with this phone is 5 stars..
Great phone! Everything is so smooth and the camera exceeded my expectation. Also cool that you can get a Gear VR and turn this phone into an amazing VR kit.
Very Good
amazing phone and I really recommendthis seller
The phone is totally what I expected. It worked perfectly in Argentina. Nothing else to say. Just perfect. I love it!
Excellent
Good phone
Im so happy with my new cellphone
I love my new phone! I didn't realize that the international version had dual sim, but that's great, I can just pop a new sim when I travel. I noticed too that the seal was broken on the phone but reading from Android forums, this was necessary to activate the phone in the country of origin (Mine was apparently from Africa) before it could work internationally. The downside to it being from an international phone is that I couldn't register it on Samsung's website. I haven't tried going to the Samsung Africa website... Having been an iPhone user, I quickly found out how much more iPhone apps there were than Android's but there were equivalents, and those that don't... well, they weren't that important to me. Most of the productivity apps do have an Android equivalent. The UI didn't bother me too much because I have an Android tablet but if you were loyal to Apple and are suddenly switching it may take a few minutes/hours to orient yourself with the capabilities of this device and of the Samsung and Android interface. Me, I love it already.
Perfect
i got in good condition as expecteed
Excellent
Good phone love it
Excellent
Arrived quickly and is working just Fine!!!!
Works fine a year later. The phone has slowed down, but that's not the seller's fault. I am happy with this purchase.
excellent
Very Nice.
Excellent phone. Well done Amazon.
Great phone!
Excellent. .
Works great, with AT&T, no issues with LTE, but if does display it as 4G. Not sure about the region either because there new 5.1.1 update has not hit it yet even though it's been out for a few weeks.
My husband love it
great
Excellent!
everything came well and everything we is working.
excellent buy
muy bueno
The cellphone is very good, I can use it in seconds, all the conditions are like the offer.
excellent
works right
Received product in original condition exceptThere was no receipt in it
it nice! I got it.
Excellent
We use this on the P-Tel monthly service, which utilizes the T-Mobile network. Works great.
Amazing phone !!!! I will send it in Ethiopia for my family instead of "Samsung Galaxy grand" that I sent before no work.
Was looking for international phone and got it for very good price.awsome performancePros- best screen ,excellent cameraCons - none as of now
I was a bit skeptical when I was purchasing this phone but now I'm 100% satisfied. This is a genuine phone and it comes with all accessories. It performs perfectly and so far I can't complain about anything. Thanks wireless place for your excellent service
Love the color and have had no problems with the phone.
I didn not receive the stylus with this phone. it seems to work pretty well and I like the clarity of the screen.
Perfect
A very good piece of crap it doesn't work anymore. .
This phone is amazing, once you get used to the size of the unit. Battery is great, I don't even think about it. Last all day. 32Gig is enough for everything that I do. I was worried that the memory is going to be an issue because there is no expandable slot, but it's totally fine because there is no model less than 32gig.THE CAMERA IS FANTASTIC
Good, it works.
Excellent
very good product
Excelent!
Perfect.
Perfect!!! Fast shipping
Pretty impressed with this phone, truly more than I expected. The only con I see is that it can not be opened to change the battery, which by the way, does not last any longer than it's predecessors. Not even the lack of expandable memory bothers me, I feel 32 Gb and cloud services will suffice.
Fast delivery and as aspected.
Love the watch. Works great
Excellent! Arrived quick!!!
Perfect for me. Perfeito para mim.Leonardo - from Brazil. (Brasileiro)This phone is show. Esse telefone celular é um show.
I bought this cellphone as a gift for my boyfriend almost 2 months ago... I ask him about it to write this review and he's very pleased and happy with his gift.
I bought a first phone for me, and my father-in-law loved my phone, then I decided to buy one for him. Again, all things were perfect and I got the phone at the right place at the right price.Really satisfied with my purchase.
Faster processor and larger RAM would improve its performance. Otherwise it is a good phone and perfect if you have two SIMs.
Very good! I really like it! It has a good processing, available memory and a good weight to carry with you. I approve it!
I love this phone, but wifi calling is a must for me. Dual sim cards rocks but remember if you have Tmobile and have to have wifi calling then you cannot use this phone, the only bad thing for me. SO easy to combine 2 phones into 1.
big screen, good battery, good speakers, and good camera, some time if stops but every few days which is ok
The only problem is the information the phone has 8 GBytes of memory - we can only use 4 GBytes - the other 4 GBytes are reserved for system usage. It should be cleared in specs.Regards Jair Gabriel
I'm loving the device. Very fast and convenient the smartphone has amazing features. And it is still very beautiful, thin and light. Worth the money!!!!!!
Nicer and bigger than I expected compared to other cellphones I had. I would really recommend it to my friends.
Excellent Phone, It's everything the seller says, Works very well. I have downloaded a few programs on it and it works perfectly. I can even watch movies on it and everything is so clear. I would highly recommend buying it. Also the price for what it is worth is perfect.
Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos!! What can I say about this device? Lil who I'm kidding this phone is amazing! Cool features with a mega 5.0 screen... Buyers don't believe the hype about a phone that needs full HD, this device is created to display a 720p resolution that looks like 1080p HD. Therefore you won't no the difference, because the crystal clear screen display. Please be advised that this phone comes with a 8 GB, but I had used my 64 GB SD card memory to save everything as possible.... All transfer apps,pics, and etc is greatly and successfully saved on this device thru a SD card memory. Buyers have fun with this cool and outstanding phone that brings so much performances in the palm of your hands!
I have had this phone for 7 months and I love it. This is not a flagship phone, but it is a very good mid-range phone. It has many features of the S3 (which I believe was Samsung's flagship at the time of it's release). The dual sim card works great in Nicaragua. Lag is minimal but I reboot every 3-4 days. The specs are competitive for a mid-range phone. The screen quality is not it's strong point, but you'll probably not notice much difference. I would definitely recommend this phone.
I love this phone, this is the second time I have had it. The first time I only had it for about a week or so and then I returned it (it was a white one and I wish I would have chosen the white one again, the blue one, which looks black, has a back cover more prone to finger prints and wipe prints maybe it's just that the color makes this more obvious but I don't like that) and I looked out there for another phone that was a big like I like, inexpensive compared to other phablets and also unlocked but my search brought me back to this one and I think I made the right decision. I am not into the technology side of it. If I can play games and text and call and go on the internet I don't care about anything else. The wifi signal is great, it automatically updated to android 4.2.2. (I do care about the android version, if you are thinking about upgrading DO NOT I have heard horror stories about phones being paper weights after android 4.4 and android 4.3 updates so I will be keeping it at android 4.3). I do not have service on the phone yet but since I have had the same phone in the past I am sure it will be great. Awesome 8mp back camera and I think the front one is 2mp or 1.3. I have used them both and pictures come out real clear. But again don't think it's going to take 13mp digital camera type pics, that's unrealistic. There is no lag when navigating but there is some lag on things like game start up or just whatever and because of all the stock programs that come with the phone and possibly the android update my phone went from 8gb down 3.2 (though it reads 2gb on the available space, when I go to app manager it says I have over 3 free) and not the 4 it was before when I had the other phone and it also received the android update, I don't know what's up with that. So you will probably still need a memory card which unfortunately will not help you if you have a lot of apps because you cannot store them on your memory card unfortunately. Also I used my first samsung galaxy grand i9082L on Metro PCS service which offers $40 unlimited plans with first 500mb at 4G speeds, I assumed that it would automatically go to 3G speeds but it was just 2G EDGE. I contacted AIO Wireless this time around and they said they offer unlimited 3G and it will never decrease in speed. I was only interested in 3G because I want to be able to be on the phone and use the data at the same time which AIO wireless claims I can do on this phone with 3G speeds. This has not been proven since I have not signed up for the company yet, when I know I will check it out. It takes a microsim card.
Screen is good for viewing emails and videos. An addition GB of memory will make it an excellent phone for the price.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT RECOMMENDED 100% GOOD VERY VERY RESISTANT MATERIAL AND RECOMMENDED DAILY USE ALL PEOPLE HAVE A PHONE SANSUMG DUOS 9082
I really love this phone. It has everything I can hope for in a smart phone. It has great battery life!
All my expectations about The product was reached. I recomend The samsumg galaxy Grand because it is a telefone easy to use and that offers a good relation price and value.
This phone is awesome!!! I would rate it a 5 star, but every once in a while the phone screen just goes black, then I have to reboot, it's happen about 3 times since I got it, but other than that, this phone rocks.
received on time, nice camera, fast processor.serves the purpose of dual SIM
Love it
Very good smart phone, nice screen, good menus, slot for memory card. The only problem is the battery, a little over 24 hrs and you need to recharge it. Should buy an extra one or the external charging pack.
love itfast shippingwould recommend
love itfast shippingwould recommend
Graphical User Interface is awesome with Nova Launcher installed. Better than any of the other Galaxy Note Mobiles that I have used.
Samsung going great iam pleased with it so far thank you.
very good product
So good.
Everything was as expected and indicated online. Got the parcel on time, will all the contents. I recommend it to all.
I had an unlocked Galaxy S4 ($800). Everyone knows all the specs and features of that phone. It took one fall, and it was done.I got this Galaxy Grand Duos ($350) as a replacement. I didn't know what to expect, but so far, I'm pretty happy with it.GOOD:-I didn't use all of the S-features on the S4, but I'm happy MOST of them are on the Grand Duos (I can't seem to get all of them to work, but on the same note, I couldn't get them to work on the S4 either. I use 2 screen mode a lot, and I'm happy it's on the Grand Duos)-specs say that the screen resolution is not as good as the S4, but I honestly can't tell the difference-the interface is much like S4 and Note, so it's very easy to use and to get help with (ie screen shots, 2 screens, awake with voice are the same process/commands on all Galaxies).-call quality is clear and consistent.-it's bigger than the S4 and smaller than the Note (which is perfect for me!)-battery life is actually better than it was on the S4 for me (possibly bc of the lower screen resolution)-it looks great, and I'm in the "Galaxy" club, without any contract/subsidies, and for a fraction of the price of the Note and S4. While I can tell it from the S4 and Note very easily, other people can't (except a Samsung representative noticed every difference instantly)-it has things the Note and S4 don't have (dual sim for avid travelers, FM radio, minimal bloatware with just the essentials and a few Samsung apps)-it looks expensive enough that I'm proud to have it out, but it's secretly cheap enough that it's still replaceable if lost/stolen/broken on a tripBAD:-the camera is not as good. It takes decent shots, but with 8 MP (vs the 16MP on the S4), you notice that you are missing some detail, especially when you zoom. If the focal point is distant and detailed, it comes out a little muddled. Good quality up close and without zoom, Also, if it has all the nifty camera features like the Note and S4, I haven't found them yet. So far, it just seems to be run-of-the-mill camera options-if the Grand Duos has 4G, I can't seem to find it-I don't think it has scroll with eyes or look away pause, but you can scroll with tilt and turn over to pause (I haven't used them yet, but they're there in the settings menu. On a positive note, a lot of those extra features on the S4 and Note are battery drainers anyway)-fewer awesome accessories available (like docks, magnetic covers, etc)-it comes with a European plug (my seller tossed in an adapter, and I already had a few anyway. I'm definitely planning on ordering an American OEM Samsung charger)-the speaker is perfect for making calls; even on a mount in the car, there is no trouble communicating with the mic and speaker. However, when I play music, it's a little quieter that I remember the S4 being.-Less internal storage space than the S4, the Grand Duos has 4GB internal (I read there would be 8GB, but my phone says 3.94GB internal space). I have a ton of apps (all internal for now), and a few songs and pics (most of my media is on my SD and all of it is backed up to cloud).Other things to note:-I thought the earphones jack didn't work, but you really have to push it deep in there until you hear a click.-both SIM slots are for the standard (large) SIM cards. I used my same mini SIM card from my S4, but taped it in to a SIM adapter ($1 on Amazon, $5 at T-mobile store if you can't wait for shipping). I didn't have it taped, and my phone stopped working one night. The next day, I took it to T-mobile, and she just taped the top. I haven't had any issues since)Do I recommend this product? --All the time!Am I happy with this purchase --Absolutely!Will I get it again? --If I lose this one and the next generation isn't here, then of course I will get this same phone again. Ideally, I would like to keep this phone as my international phone for trips, and get the S5 for the US when it comes out (if the camera is better than the Nokia Lumia 1020)
It worked with a brazillian SIM card without any problems (TIM and Claro)!It's the best dual chip I've ever used!
i like screen size, resolution, cameras, dual sim, everything.. that's why I choosed it, I recommend whom likes to have all in one
Item as described. Quick shipping!It's a good phone at a great price. Big screen, battery life is decent, and is fast enough to keep up with even somewhat heavier apps.
Ok!!
great phone for someone that needs two sim cards on the same phone. great features form Samsung with latest android system
Meets all my expectations. Even though the resolution is not HD, it's not bad at all. I love everything about it.
GREAT!
Nice mobile with 4 g internal memory plus add any ext memBut less fast after time useBut good
A very good phone. I love it
This is a very good phone and affordable when i purchased it. Nice and portable for the pocket. Amazing phone.Thanks
He loves this phone. Its big, neat , accessible...and most important in style. Great product for the great price !
wow I have never had a Samsung before this .I had purchase an windows htc just before this but I returned it and a friend told me about this phone and I have no regrets about buying it . the phone is easy to use its unlocked and it is just amazing
Great price. Better than expected. Other friends are buying them now as well. I'm not tech expert so for me this does what I need for much less money than the s5
It's not a bad phone at all, just a few features Samsung can improve on! But still love this phone...
Nice
This phone has more features than the average person could ever use...gorgeous pictures, and rocket speed internet browser. And the two SIM card feature is sweet. Allows me to have my personal phone and business phone in one place at the same time. :)
Everything is easier with this phone and I can read my documents like a tablet. Very good choice and the price is regular.
I bought this phone for international use. I run a school in Tanzania, just popped in my sim card while in the USA. I wasn't sure about the size, but I love it. Makes emails, sms and internet easy to see and use.I would recommend this phone, especially for the price!
THIS IS THE 2ND TIME I'M PURCHASING THIS PHONE I LOVE IT SOOO MUCH. WORKS WELL IN GUYANA. TELLING EVERYBODY ABOUT IT.
I purchased this phone for my husband, overseas in Egypt. The seller delivered to me, exactly what I was promised and on time. Unfortunately, my husband had purchased the same thing, at the same time, while in Egypt. I was trying to surprise him so we could communicate and keep in touch while he was away. I can say though that, the seller understood the situation and kindly allowed me to return the purchase, unopened, in the same condition that I received it. I will use this seller in the future and if I ever need another phone, the Samsung Galaxy will be the one I choose! Thanks
This phone is amazing. It has so many features but I was able to use it within the first hour. This is my first smartphone and I love it.
Love that this phone is just the right size for my pocket. I would recommend this phone to anyone who loves a bigger phone that's not so bulky.
I love it - great product for travel and use a different SIM in another country - WOrks like a clock!
I have no idea how other samsungs work and if there is a problem with the two sims.It just works perfectly for her. battery last a lot longer than the previous one.I would say it is a bit "big" but it is also an issue of getting used to it. today I see almost everybody with this size of mobile phones plus we have a samsung smart tv so the link between the devices is amazing... I am very happy with the selection.The seller has been also very professional.
100% recommended all well, congratulations
Great phone, well for a dual sim phone . It works well I'm satisfied with it
I bought this phone to give as a Gift to My daugther-in-law and she loves it!! Since she leaves in Brazil and there cel phone is to expansive!!!
Excelent product! thanks
FINE
I never cared for Android phones but I need touse two differebt sim cards in Brazil. I love this phone. It works great.
Great phone, But speaker volume for caller is too low.
LOOKS GREAT AND SIMPLE TO HANDLE
Very nice phon
good
good
Very good as a gift
Smartphone nice.
it work perfect in my country
Excelente me encanta.. Gracias!! 10 estrellas si es posible! 100% confiable, en buen estado, eficiente, muy buena calidad, buen producto, buen servicio
It is very very nice phone I ever used, I liked it very much the big 5'' screen and easy operating. very good product of Samsung, it is awesome. thanks for the quick delivery
When I decided to purchase this phone, the fact that the screen is five inches is just about right for me. A very generous screen, yet the phone is lightweight and easy to carry around. Since I am a true techie, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5 inch screen. It fits easily into my smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone.- STANDARD SIZED SIM CARD: Good to know as I did not have to cut my Sim card, I just placed it into the phone and it read my carrier plan and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.- Screen Resolution - For me personally, I find the resolution GOOD to VERY GOOD, however, it is not as good as say an S4 or S3, but good. However, I have a way to make the screen look GREAT and CLEARER on the home page. What I did is installed the free app ZEDGE and choose a wallpaper that has a dark blue background. The picture I choose has a deep blue sky and mountain in it and the home screen is STUNNING and the white letters on the icons really stand out. And I will say that the screen detail is clear and easy to read and webpages are just stunning on this phone!- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily and if I am fairly close to the router, the signal strength is excellent. However, when I am a long distance from the router, the signal goes down, however, I still get WiFi and go on the Internet just fine. When not near a WiFi hotspot, I use AT&T for data and easily get 3G and I have gotten 3G+ (there is no 4G in my area). The data is very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is.- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 64GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4 GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called Kingsoft Office which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.- CAMERA - The 8MP takes excellent pictures. So I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised how clear the pictures are. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a pretty good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- No NFC (Near Field Communication) and also no OTG (On the go with cable adapter to plug USB Flash drive into to copy files). No problem as I use Dropbox to send files I want (pictures).- WiFi could be a little stronger, yet it connects quickly and I have never been without WiFi as it never failed me. Close to a router it gets 5 bars and very strong signal. When I am far away, one bar. So performed a test using my Tab 3 8.0 and Tab 2 10.1: Of course these gave me stronger signals because these devices are WiFi only and have probably a larger WiFi receiver inside. So I compared it to my S3 Mini and the signal was close, yet the S3 mini did have a little bit stronger signal.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Also, there is a newer Archived Flash out. So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the phone, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.Bottom line: Actual stars I rate this phone is 4.5 took off .5 stars because of the WiFi signal not as strong as my little S3 Mini or my Samsung Tablets. Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would because for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from this phone like the S3 or S4 models and also you want just the most important features and don't want to spend twice this amount for a fancier phone, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
I would require a guarantee card of my purchase. Samsung galaxy Grand Duos I9082 U can just mail it to meThank youregardsSuvayu Sarkar
This phone is a thing of beauty. It is a lot bigger than I expected it to be but not uncomfortably so. Coming from a Galaxy Pocket, I was very appreciative of the added screen real estate. I've had no real problems with setup, performance or connectivity. The dual sim feature works well.One potential drawback, which may be partly due to the case which I'm using with it, is that it's hard to take this phone in and out of pocket without touching either the power button or the volume rocker. Apart from that I have no difficulties with this phone whatsoever.
This is for my wife, She wants to sent her e-mail by talking.+ The screen is big enough for her games, & anything else for her to do.I do recommend this as a buy.
I needed a phone so at the soonest I could easily communicate with my husband. I work on ships where communication is costly and it is not easy for me to just get off anytime to buy stuff. The phone arrived in time for me to greet my husband on his birthday.
I have bought this phone 6 months ago.What I love in this phone that it is fast, and its screen picture is so clear.
The phone is good, the display size and images are very good despite the low ppi, dual sim function is really important when you need a family phone and a comercial phone.The only cons is the model delivered which was a i9082L which limits ROMs just from latin america countries.
It is a very good phone, has a very simple design and well cared a screen with good colors good volume level, more than i was expecting a very good camera and excellent as can accommodate the battery bad thing is that it has very little resolution of page and the layer of personalization from samsung makes it a little heavy but for people who do not need a cheap phone and meets more than expected is this.I recommend it highly
works great love it
EXCELLENT, OPERATE AS WE SAY HERE AR`PELO
Pretty awesome phone!
Phone is great but the battery does not last a long time. After just about a year the battery died. Better order before you have trouble because they come from China and takes close to a month.
I am very please with the device I bought. It was exactly what I expected
great phone in low price i am loving it, ta da da da daaaa
Excelente
good
Thanks. satisfied with the Cell, timely delivery.
EXCELENT
Perfect
all good, I recommend
Performs well on both network. Screen size is perfect for my use. Resolution clear and sharp. Processor fairly quick. Once connected to a wifi it loads pages fast. Unfortunately due to slow 3G connection from my phone provider web pages take forever to load or load partially. Forget using YouTube unless connected to a wifi source.One issue . I am yet to figure out how to have images taken by the camera automatically strore on the memory card. This was done automatically by my previous Samsung phone. Guess its somewhere in the setting. Just need to find it.Definatley a buy for anyone needing a dual sim phone.
enought excellent
excellent
exelent!
All good, it came as i expected and more. I recommend. To be perfect it could come with more accessories.
I love my phone, its performance, how it feels in my hand and its functionality. I cannot complain, an excellent product.
Excelent cell i like so much magnificent cell i very gratified with my cell so happy it s a very good cell
I've had this phone for nearly 2 weeks and I'm glad to say this is an excellent phone overall.This is not a full product review as many kind owners already have done so. Besides, features are very subjective to the individuals using the product. My review is basically to cover provider/network compatibility, to include mobile data connectivity (speed/capability).The model I received is labeled as I9082L, from SurgeTelecom. The version also appears on the screen during power-on process. There is a good possibility there are other versions of I9082 in the market. This is because I9082 is manufactured to be a "world" phone, as opposed to be made for a specific mobile carrier, commonly found in the U.S. The "L" suffix, in most cases, represents phone version designated for Latin America which sometimes, includes North/Central/South Americas due to the common frequency spectrum deployed in the Americas.The first note on provider/network compatibility is that if your current phones you consider replacing carry the name Verizon or Sprint, this phone is -not- for you, unless you are looking to switch mobile provider.This phone does -not- work with Verizon and Sprint. Not because the unit is defective, it is simply not compatible with Verizon and Sprint networks. And, no expert at Verizon, Sprint or Best Buy is able to make it work for you. The concept of activating the phone will -not- help either because GSM phone does -not- require activation. More importantly, please do -not- rate this phone as 1 star (zero if it were possible) or a give a recommendation of -no buy- for the reason stated.The above note essentially leaves the rest of us GSM users, or potential GSM users, in the U.S. and other countries, to further consider/evaluate whether this phone fits the bill.This phone is -not- tied to any carrier, therefore is an unlocked phone that accepts mini SIM card from any GSM provider in the world. GSM providers in the U.S. are AT&T, T-Mobile and other mobile virtual network operators such as Straight Talk and Net10, who resell similar services on/through AT&T and T-Mobile network infrastructures.The I9082 supports GSM quad-band 850/900/1800/1900MHz which cover just about the entire spectrum 2G/EDGE/GPRS services that include voice service and slow data access. If your primary concern is voice service availability, you are all set with this phone in the U.S., when you jet set around the world or if you live in other countries which is 80% GSM world. And, you can still receive slow data access through 2G/EDGE. WiFi is your other alternative high speed data option when available.If you are also interested in using your phone as an high speed data device, the evaluation has just become much more complicated. This is where I think the biggest part of the community is always asking when potential buyers want to know if this phone will work. I've read countless reviews/remarks on how disappointing new owners are when they discover voice service is fine but data access speed is not fast.In the U.S., to get 3G or HSPA-4G, aka WCDMA (not LTE-4G) service, the phone needs to support 850/1900MHz frequency bands. When the product description shows "3G: 900/2100MHz", you will -not- get high speed data service. This is because AT&T and T-Mobile do not operate 3G/HSPA+ on 900/2100MHz spectrum. Yet, sellers can advertise the product as 3G capable without falsely advertise their products. Please note this carefully.About 18 months ago, T-Mobile launched its new business model of "Bring your own devices" to mostly lure AT&T iPhone users over. To achieve this, T-Mobile reconfigured most of its 3G/4G network to 1900MHz to stay compatible with AT&T signal frequency. This has made it easier for us to switch between AT&T and T-Mobile as long as the phone supports 1900MHz, using an unlocked GSM phone.Please note that T-Mobile may -not- have 3G/HSPA service on 1900MHz deployed everywhere in the U.S., though the coverage is/has been expanding.In the latin America, most mobile providers deploy their 3G/HSPA+ on 850/1900MHz, and that is why "L" version will most likely cover the entire the Americas. Some providers in the Americas do use 1700/2100MHz.In Europe/Asia, most providers deploy 3G/HSPA+ on 900/2100MHz. The best practice is to check with your mobile provider on the appropriate frequency bands before buying. And, contact Amazon/seller to check the bands supported on the devices.How well does the I9082L play in the confusing 3G/HSPA+ world? Very well indeed. I confirm through the service menu that, the "L" version I received supports all four 3G/HSPA+ bands (850/900/1900/2100MHz) even though the unit is marketed as tri-band 850/1900/2100MHz. Excellent!! The support for HSPA 900MHz on my I9082L may come in handy one of these days.I've personally tested the unit on both AT&T and T-Mobile networks. The phone shows it can connect to HSPA+ service, as denoted by the "H+" symbol, on both networks.Phones that support the other tri-band combination of 900/1900/2100MHz can still receive 3G/HSPA service. As long as the phone can match 1900MHz, in the U.S. for instance, 3G service will be available; 1900MHz being the common band for on AT&T and T-Mobile networks. An example of such type of phone is the Samsung S3 Mini which supports HSPA tri-band of 900/1900/2100MHz.If you phone supports HSPA 850/1900MHz and you are an AT&T subscriber, your high speed data experience is perhaps more stable. This is because your phone will bounce between both frequencies automatically, a good chance of landing on a less saturated band.Actual 3G/HSPA+ speed always varies from location to location, minute to minute, hour to hour as this is wireless/cellular technology after all. I won't post any of my test results because this review is not about speed test. I'll say, though I'm happy with HSPA service from both AT&T and T-Mobile on this phone.To recap, here are the points to note:- GSM phones will -not- work with Verizon, Sprint or any CDMA operators. Keywords in the product description to look for are "GSM", "unlocked", "international phone." Such keywords imply you're looking at GSM phones.* Amazon does have a separate section for phones with service contract which includes Verizon and Sprint, along with AT&T, if you enjoy shopping on Amazon like I do.- With GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz support on the phone will guarantee compatibility for voice/slow data service anywhere in the GSM world.- 3G/HSPA data access depends on HSPA bands supported on the phone. Frequency must match network operated by the specific provider. 3G bands are 850/900/1900/2100MHz.- Be sure to buy the phone that has the proper frequency support. HSPA quad- band is the safest choice if available.- Must match at least 1 of the HSPA frequency to receive 3G/HSPA data service.- In the U.S., a phone with support for HSPA 1900MHz band will get 3G/HSPA service on both AT&T and T-Mobile networks.- Get detail info on supported bands from mobile provider and communicate with seller to ensure the phone has support for the particular frequency bands.*** I've used an unlocked AT&T phone (quad-GSM, tri-HSPA) in Europe and Asia on voice and data (2100MHz). And, I own a European Samsung with dual-HSPA band (900/2100MHz)that works fine on voice (AT&T/T-Mobile) with EDGE (2G) data as it lacks 850/1900MHz HSPA bands.Cheers!!
I would recommend to anyone! The product met all my expectations! Thank you very much. (I just don't like being obligated to write a minimum number of words to be valid).
liked the gripspeedcamerafeaturesOverall very good phone even better than the iphone 5.i recommend this to you
Coming from a non-techy phone, this phone really met my expectations. I especially wanted a dual sim phone so that I did not have to hassle with 2 phone everywhere I went. I bought the phone just over a month ago and I am still loving it.
Really like this phone, nice size great functionality and the dual SIM is just great.The regular screen resolution gives it a four instead of five star. It is a bit hard to see in daylight. It also doesn't update automatically, so I'm stuck with Android 4.1.But I'm overall very happy with the phone.
This was one of the best cell phone purchases I ever made ...I'm buying another one soon...Fantastic!!!!! And a great price
good good, Very Good, Thank you Samsung Galaxy, it is really good for me, thank you again, it's working well,
Good cell phone for the money.Well made product, average processor, cameras are good, battery lasts a reasonable time, works very good,
The only problem i had is that the headset i received was damaged but other than it was a great buy
Great phone for home and business. Dual Sim allows you to use your personal Sim as well as a Work SIm at the same time. Android is great and the price is very affordable. With the system update installed you can now transfer your apps to your memory card instead of using up the device memory.
I really like the phone, but Samsung gives ZERO support for an "unlocked phone" none at all, they refer you to the seller.The quick start guide was not enough for me, and they (Samsung) would not talk to me about it at all. After being very pushy they finally provided links to the full manuals in both English and Spanish.hopefully my links will appear:[...][...]PS: see comment for links that did not appear aboveAfter using the phone for a few weeks I see that Wifi reception is difficult. Need a very strong signal.
Got it for my brother and he loves using it as he can use dual Sim, so he does not need to use two separate phones.
This phone has exceeded expectations. A truly great phone at a even better price. I'm very satisfied. I would recommend to anyone
It's absolutely beyond my expectation, its so gorgeous. My husband, I and our friends love it. Awesome price though the pic is not so great, but doesn't matter to me. I love it n will recommend to anyone.
I like it but I have been having issues with the contact. Contacts are unavailable a number of times in a day. I have to restart the phone if I want to make a call and the contacts are unavailable before it becomes available. I don't know if its a problem with this phone or a general problem affecting the model. Is any one else having issues with the contact? I would have rated this 5 stars if it were not because of the problem I'm having with the contacts.Update 02/10/2014As a last option, I have to reset the phone using factory reset two days ago. I have not had any issues since then so I'm changing my rating from 3 to 4 stars.
The phone meet all my expectations. I am enjoying it well. The dual sim its fabulous since before I had juggled 2 phones before. The size n weight its pefect. The screen size works well for me since I am in college n easier to view n browse. The features almost the same as n S4 because my bff has one.It note... if u r a person on the go... WALK WITH THE CHARGER ... battery dies really fast.Love it thou.... its a buy buy buy...
Great phone. Does everything I need and MORE. Stationed in Afghanistan and needed a dual Sim card phone for use here and to reach back to the states. It's been reliable, durable and the quality is excellent. Bought a protective case at the same time. Working great. Recommend to all.
Arrived brand new in original box. Works great. The radio works great as well. Crystal clear photos and videos. Not much to dislike. I just wished it had bigger storage capacity but for an everyday phone it's great.
Great buy. I like the fact that I can insect 2 simcards.
Good phone!
Slowed down after two years. My fault I guess. Great phone. It fell and the screen cracked so my bf is repairing it and claiming it. Touch works even though screen is cracked. Strong phone.
I LIKE THE PHONE VERY MUCH. THE SCREEN IS BIG ENOUGH TO REALLY ENJOY PICTURES AND TEXTING IS MUCH EASIER. I RECOMMEND THIS PHONE.
very Good!Thank you!
Good phone, but limited in memory, especially when updating apps
bueno.
Very good item works perfectly fine had it for a while now and no problems have occured. Great seller and fast shipping
Thanks A++++
This phone is awesome!
Absolutely love my phone...Works well so far..
Good condition. Thanks
Order for my Dad that is 78. He loves it!
Screen is bigger than my wife's Galaxy S2.
as I expected,great great great......
Great value for Samsung phone. This is an upgrade for me from an LG phone. I think I will enjoy this phone. Samsung makes great products.
Great phone at good price!!
Excellent good fo the price.
Very cooll
This Samsung works perfectly.Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS 8GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone -International Version- Gray
It works perfectly
I can use the same wall plug that i have from my old samsung.. the adapter that comes with it is not important to me..they are great sellers.. fast and respectful .. they will answer any questions.. great camera.. great for games .. big screen.. i have to learn to use this phone in my old age.. really easy to read.. made the mistake of ordering a J1 mini too.. so now i have 2 phones.. one to use for work and one to play games. watch movies on, use as a flash light and camera... :-) yes it has a built in flash light..
Shipped on time and came as expected. The phone works great (knock on wood). I was able to transfer my AT&T sim card from my slowly dying phone to this phone and am impressed with everything. The memory is not much but you can add a micro sd memory card and transfer apps, songs, and pictures to it to speed up the phone. The camera isn't great but it'll do.
Very good!
My cousin loves this phone and thanks me everyday for this purchase
Thank You !
excelent
Great phone came with the latest version of Android Lollipop. Everything was there and I 'm using it on tracfone so if you're wondering it will work there. My concerns were that it would cost me but turn on WiFi only and turn off Data, I send texts using gmail and make calls using hangout dialer. So the only time this costs me anything is when I accept a text message or accept a phone call. Even then I can see who it is and call them back for free using dialer, I also have Majik jack as another backup for free calls. My last phone with tracfone cost me about $80 a YEAR so I figure this one should be about the same. The phone itself has 2 Sim card slots so you could have 2 phone numbers if you want or if traveling out of the country just buy a 2nd sim for the country you are visiting. I added the 128g SD card so have lots of room there, just wish more android apps would transfer over without rooting, which I DID NOT do. Camera, Video and GPS are very good and overall I would recommend this phone.
This is the first time I have used straight talk and it seems to be a good phone so far. I have no idea how to use the dual sim part of the phone.
I have no bad criticism on this articleThis article is of very good quality thanks
I think this phone is perfectly sized. It's about as wide as an old Samsung Galaxy S2, but taller and thinner (and lighter). Really an excellent entry level phone.Pros:Perfect sizeGreat screenGood camerasGood hardwareHas a high quality lookDual simUnlockedFantastic priceCons:Some bloatwareSpeakers aren't that great
I love it
Its fye
Great phone for the price. Make sure you call your service provider and get it activates. That would have saved me hours of confusion if it wa in the manual.
Good phone, it works great with international carriers.
nice phone, works well
Nice and new just put my cricket Sim in it ND it worked just fine happy me...and planning to buy it again for my hubby soon
One of the best phone is ever had
Fantástic!!!!!@@
Delivered the item in time and the items in super quality
very nice! it works like a charm! i love it!
good cell.
Its amazing, loves it.
Very good!
Amazing on time, and just over all speechless
Just what I needed
Great phone. Living and working overseas, one has two choices a really expensive phone or a poor quality phone, sometimes both. This phone works great and serves me well.
Excellent phone
Amazing
Bought as a gift for my boyfriend. He loves it!
Worked without a FLAW. Have T-Mobile at home, but while in Cali, Colombia I used a Claro Sim Chip. No Problem ! ! ! Received phone calls from Chicago and I was able to use it in Cali. Flawlessly! Highly Recommed This Phone. By the way, by Logging on to my Google Account I was able to download my Contacts. The only Downside is the Camera. Only 5 mp. But, it still took Good Pics. Do recommend this phone.
Does more than I expected
Great phone
really needed a manual
Great Value, I use it for my kids, one is 15, one is 9, they are happy and so are my wife and I
Product came on time and works great
Great product. Fast shipping.
the product works great I purchased the phone for my mother for her birthday it is very nice and is not too technical for her to operate I will continue to purchase from the buyer as this order came as described and I am very happy
Perfect! Thank you!
Wow amazingly phone I'll give that an 9/10 cause its an 3g. I still love it 👍
Good
I returned it only because I fixed my current phone.
Speedy delivery. Item just as described.
The phone has all the features expensive ones have except 4G which is not a big deal nowadays since wifi is everywhere. Everything works as described.
Very good!
Good condition
Bought it for my son and he loves it.
A great buy for anyone willing to spend not excessively for a smartphone yet get the taste of smartphone world. I gave this as a gift to my uncle. He loves it now.
The camera quality is better than my laptop's, the app setting potential is fair, there are a fair number of Samsung Galaxy prime accessories, batter life is phenominal . My only issue is that there is a lot of bloatware, there are barely two gb of usable memory. I put an 32 gb SD card in there but it still wont stop bugging me about storage space. Additionally, there is no Gyroscope you can't play vr games. This is my current phone and is great for the price but if it breaks, I'm getting a different one, and will be likely to spend more money.
Good
This phone is great! Best one I ever had.
great
The phone was brand new and worked perfectly.
Great phone.
gracias excelente
was good
working just fine so far, still can't figure out why this size and tech specs is so much less than a galaxy 5! but I am not complaining, not sure if yet if its the phone or straight talk, supposed to be able to get 4g lte, but so far that is not the case, not getting the down load speed I had with other 4g lte phones
Good shoppers
The best upgrade from more 2.Better speed sharp pictures light weight and more.
This is a very nice device. Nice display and easy to use. I like it a lot. Unfortunately, the 8 GB of memory is a shortfall for the device. The storage is used up very fast. I added external memory and that is where I store photos and such but there is still the matter with internal memory usage. Adding additional programs is an issue because they would rather be on the internal memory instead of the external memory and there is very little. 16 GB would be much nicer. One last issue would be registering this device with Samsung for the warranty. Apparently this device is meant to be sold in another country so registering it here in the USA is not possible. Samsung sent me a link to register the device for other countries but, I don't know what country to select. With that said, it has not been registered with Samsung. I've had it for about a month and it works great but if issues come up, I'm afraid I'll have nowhere to turn for help.
Nice phone. Works great so far with no issue's. We got this phone for our grandson for his birthday. He loves it.
Great phone!
I love it! Especially, the duos sim cads. Great phone at a great price.
Everything that I need is in this beautiful phone.
The phone has a bad lag at times but other than that, the phone came on time earlier than I expected and it works ok.
The picture is different
Great phone. Love the front and rear camera. Great picture quality
Phone works as expected except that there is an software logic error involving passwords when creating a Samsung account but I found a work around,
excellent product, I recommend it 100% responsible
Love the phone. Using it in Trinidad in the Caribbean. The only thing is that it freezes up fairly often.What would be the cause of this?
nice phone
This phone is for my mom, she likes it. There is a learning curve for her, but I think it does what she needs it to do. She hasn't had any complaints thus far.
So far I'm enjoying my phone except I'm unable to download music
As good as any high priced smart phone. I like it.
The phone is working very good in have no issues no complaint so far
my daughter had been saving her money for some time to get this jphone and was so excited it arrived so quickly.
Good phone
1 star less because rex
i like this phone a lot because of the fact that i can activate it with any company that i desire.It is also a really beautiful phone and it is really durable.the only thing i didn't like about it is that i can't download or have many apps because the ram is too low to take it.
Honestly works better than cricket and others carriers.
good phone
Met all expectations, packaging and phone were great and had all its accessories.
The phone arrived within 2-3 days. It was in a package and it looked like new. No scratches. But when I put the battery and turned it on, it didn't let me go through the set up process like it happens normally when you start a new phone. The phone was ready to use which made me think it was pre-owned and used by someone. I sent it to East Africa so I can't comment further the rest of its features.
Good
I love the phone, love everything!!! My third day with it an I'm still very happy.
It's OK had one before so I know it's good
Excellent.
Good
Works fine... Some times it freezes up or some of the apps becomes non responsive but once you reset the phone it works fine again
Love it , Fast delivery , came as described, works perfectly with great quality
Love this phone. Excellent camera.
Excellent I be loving my phone
Perfect
Product is excellent, very fast, only cons is indoor pics are not that clear
Working well so far.
Meet my expectations. Would definitely recommend it
ALL GOOD . NO PROBLEM . RECOMMENDED
I love this phone. Its much better than the one I bought before. I have no idea how managed without this kind of phone but I am grateful for such a great phone. I hope to keep this phone for a lot longer time than before I have been lucky in the past with used phones to keep it for 6 months before it starts to mess up on me. But I am glad this was a brand new one that was perfect for what I needed it to do. Thanks to the Seller for such a wonderful phone.
Nice thank you
nice!!!!
hello pls tell me whats sim operator lock help me
Excelente
Excellent choice for a smartphone, fast, stable, lightweight and thin. Battery life as expected, basic accesories. I'm using it in Venezuela with Movilnet and Digitel, no problem. Plenty of memory for your apps.
Very happy with this phone so far. Really like the design. I had a Samsung Galaxy before this one and did not want to spend the $600 to get another one.
Yeah overall everyrhing was perfect sandly I had to return it since I won't work with my phone company, I'll recommend this phone and the seller to everyone
My mother had a few trouble with it a first getting the sim to work, but it works now.
Very good
Great shipping & purchase.
Love Love Loveee💜💜
My son loves it and an added feature a radio?
It's a great phone happy I bought it
Really nice cell phone, great purchase!
Good
Great
Came super fast. I love it!
the phone works great. but when i ordered the phone i only got a usb port did not get a charger plus the plug that comes with the usb port is an english plug which we dont use those in America so i was pissed about that. now i have to us a Blu charger to charge my phone and it makes my phone very hot. you need to ship the correct products to customer
Very Good phone.
The phone works great, It arrived on time and was well packaged. I bought two phone and have had not problems at all.
ontime dilivery of product
Price is right
fast delivery... phone as expected....no complaints
The phone stopped working and I had to spend 50$ in a new battery because the battery didn't worked any more. what a shame!!!(Previous Review: the device works great. If you use a lot of apps who usually demand higher RAM this is not the kind of phone you would like to buy.)
My husband and I each got one of these phones in grey. We both think it's a great phone especially for the price. It came with headphones, a charger and an adapter all packaged in a neat box. It's fast, graphics are good and it's a nice sized phone. I would recommend it to a friend. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I'm not in love with the camera quality and it took a long time to ship.
Thank you
My sister loves it
got this for my teen. HE LOVES IT!works with any pay-as-you-go that we have used. Tracfone and straight talk.
Everything I bought works great. I don't have any set backs yet.
Almost all good, as it came with European charger without adapter ...
I bought this phone as a replacement for my Galaxy S3 on the AT&T network.The beauty of this phone is the ease of setup. I swapped in my SIM card, my SD card, turned it on and signed into my Google account. All my contacts, text messages, apps, settings, even phone history all transferred automatically in less that 10 minutes.This works easily as well as my S3 and it's nice to have a newer phone with a nice bright screen and great battery life.I could only go about a day on my old S3, now can go 3 full days if I need to.No issues at all with the phone of setup. Very glad I purchased it...
Great
This phone is awesome!!!
Best
good
Very nice
A step up from my Moto g 1 I had before. day light viewing not great. Appreciate the dual SIMAnd the price was right at $120
Good
Before purchasing this SUPERB phone, I had the Galaxy Grand (original) yet it was time to upgrade with another 5 inch screen phone and for me, this phone is still a very nice phone even one year later!My goal in this review is to give you the reasons why I love this phone and recommend it!
Excellent condition
Love it. The right size for a phone
Excellent phone for the price. I bought this when I was unemployed. By old phone stopped working. I was not willing to pay $400+ for a phone so I was hunting for a cheap good phone. This phone exceeded my expectation. All apps work great, sound quality is awesome, calling/texting is wonderful, last but not least: battery life is long!. If you cant afford Samsung Galaxy 6 or Iphone 6 or the likes of those phones, this is a nice alternative. Would recommend it to anyone.
great pictures and works like a charm!
good
I loveit!
Nice phone would buy one again
Great
Excellent telephone. The camera resolution is good. The duration of the battery is good.
good choose....
Works just like a Samsung S5.......
Very happy with this phone purchase. Looks and works great.
Excelente
Nice Size Phone , Dual Sim is great
Good
the phone work great and arrived early, a little disappointed about the duty charge i wasn't expected
buy two months ago at $ 226, incredible as it has lowered the priceCell Excellent, very pleased with this phone
Came in quick. I was able to test it with T-Mobile SIM and AT&T SIM cards so Yes it is unlocked phone. I actually liked it that it is a dual SIM enabled phone. I will post more once I experience it little bit. 1st impression was great.
nice, works great the only thing i dont like about it is that the camera takes long to take the picture, but the quality of the pic is lovely
Great she love it
Work great.
It's awesome
Good
i love it
Excellent more than my expectation thanks.
VERY GOOD
Everything ok
Replaced my l ost phone
Purchased for traveling abroad to use with foreign Sim cards can't wait to try
I Like it! :DPros:- Outstanding Quad-Core Performance (like S5)- Great AF(Auto-focus) Camera with Flash- Can Add more storage (I used 32GB, and allows you to extend more apps and files)- Simple design HeadsetsCons:- None.I would like to recommend this Affordable phone to a friend.
Got exactly what I wanted.I was informed of my phone's location and it arrived on time .thank u
love it
love the phone so far
Awesome
nice cell
great
Received phone, set up quickly and works flawlessly so far. A great deal!Aug.19th, been a few weeks with heavy usage with phone, battery life is really great, and so far has not missed a beat. I am buying one for my son, he needs a reliable
Great product.. although I had to transfr my ordinary t mobile SIM to micro SIM as it does not works with simple sim... it needs a micro sim... but all over a nice phone
Awesome phone would buy another if i needed to
great customer service. the phone is nice too.
I send a picture to friends and does not send I open an attachment from a msg doesnt open
veryyy goood
Love It!!!!
Excellent
The headphone sucks. The charger is just so so. The phone was moving inside the mail box. Only the phone is nice, other things are so so. Why the headphone and charger were made in Vietnam not China? If made in China the quality would be excellent !! Oh! Where is the receipt ?
Great product.
Easy to manage
The phone worked as expected.
very good!!
this phone is simply amazing,
Excelent!
bought it for my wife
Works just perfec
Yes, I give it to my sister as a gift, she love it.
good phone
I wish there was more storage, but what I can say is that I really like this phone. Pictures are great! I have had it now for about 4 months and am very satisfied. It is just like the Galaxy everybody is going crazy over, I think the 5s or something. Whatever it is my sister has it, only I paid alot less for mine!
I got this phone for my boyfriend it work awesome only thing was getting it activated was a little tricky but indeed it was an unlocked phone we used it with straight talk and he loves it the camara works good picturing when playing music sounds great and the color makes ot look very nice will deff by again
is cool
Very nice phone
Purchase for use in Jamaica, I love it!
Love it battery last long and its super fast
Good price and works well like S5. Resolution is not as good as S5 otherwise looks the same.
This was a great buy!
This phone is great to get if you are looking looking for something cheap but functional. The features are good and it takes great pictures. This is a good buy for the price, I absolutely do not regret it.
First phone abroad works excellent no problems
great
Worked perfectly, Nice quality.Edit:Vibration no longer working, after 6 months use.
Good phone Great price
Cute!!! ;)
really nice
excellent condition, phone came as advertised, its a good buy worth the money, so far so good
its a great phone and doesn't bring any unnecessary application, works very well.
Great product !!
👍
Muy buen Producto
Love love love my phone and didn't have to wait forever for shipping
Its fast and takes great pictures... So far it all works great... My husband likes the phone!!
Purchased this in a hurry after I ran over my Samsung Galaxy Note last year. One drawback is lack of 4G LTE access as in the Note. But, phone has other features that offset that. Has FM radio, better battery life, faster camera access. All in all, a decent camera.
Nice phone.
I really liked and timeliness of the Store.
I love my Samsung galaxy grand prime, thank you so much recommend this seller
At first I couldn't get my phone set up with Straighttalk which created a huge problem and I was about to send it back, then I figured it out on my own.pros; nice size display screen, takes great pictures and plenty of storage once you add a memory card, easy setup for any carrier, and lots of storage space for apps.cons: freezes up and turns off unexpectedly even though it says it has the latest software update, shabby charger that is pieced togetherIf you can deal with it freezing up sometimes then this is not a bad buy. The cost is quit similar to what you would pay for it in WalMart so be mindful of that.
Phone works great!
I purchased this phone for a friend in Jamaica and she loves it! Thanks
I brought it for my mom she love it.Thank you.
I dint think this investment was going to be so great, I will tell anyone that need a side phoneor a phone to travel with this is a great buy very handy and it works great, this is a good investmentfor your dollar.
It was working fine from the day it was received. But after updating, it has started to lag a bit. Considering on resetting so it might get rid of the lag problem. As a note this has only 1 Gb of RAM.
This phone was beautiful inside and out. Unfortunately, it dropped off my pocket and someone picked it. Does anyone know what I can do about this. I didn't start using this phone until October 2016.
I like it. Thanks
Excllent
Best line of phones. No complaints. Still going strong to this day.
Excelentee!!
This product was exactly the way I expected it to be... It was not for myself I purchase it but my said that she was very excited when she got.
Love my phone will soon buy another for my nephnew
Buena relación precio/valor
The best phone. I exceeded my expectations. The front camera is extraordinary. the operating system is brutal and it works pretty fast. I am very happy with my phone.
Very nice
Great phone. Does almost as much as the S5, but is much less expensive. It has a dual SIM and I'd unlocked so it's great for traveling. I bought it for my 12 year old and she loves it. It has enough memory so she can go crazy with the pics and videos without having to download and delete often. Great phone.
in love with this dual sim phone! the gold colour is everything!it is fast, not heavy at all. Charging last enough to avoid you pemanently rush to plug in a every moment of the day.I received it as a gift and my sister ask me to order her 1. We both are happy with it.and for a Samsung... the price is very good because this phone is a really beauty inside and out!
Great phone! It charges quickly and responds immediately to commands. Good camera, also.
Highly recommended if you are traveling out of the United States. I use it in the British Virgin Island worked very well.
I love this phone. Had now for a few months and zero issues. Its fast, and has a great camera. I also like the big screen and slimness of the phone itself.
Would recommend this item
Good Phone, Working very well in Venezuela
Great phone
My mom loves it
Used with straight talk and works awesome.
It's just simply nice and l loved it
Love it .
We've had this phone for almost a week. Easy set up. Works great so far. My daughter seems to love it.
Good
It's better than expected thanks
Very fast delivery, work good, and excellent price
This phone was for my husband who loves this phone because of its screen and function.
Great tablet, easy to use and handle. If you are looking for a tablet that your grandma can even use, i totally recommend it
This phone is amazing. Being a mom the camera is number one for me and this phones camera is outstanding. Call quality is wonderful and texting is as well. I got this phone when I got rid of my iPhone and I will never go back. It arrived earlier than the actual delivery date which I loved.:)
Great Phone!
It's like having a nice piece of jewelry. The one accessory I can't leave home without.
For the price this is an excellent phone.
Excelente recomendado 100%
excellent phone. ! good reception , good graphics and perfect working demo in Venezuela . I recommend it for the price value .
I got this for my friend he is so happy with it
Good
Works fine under the AT&T network.
I bought this for someone as a gift but he told that he likes it and is yet to unload other apps and then will be able to give 5 stars.
Love it great battery long battery life.
Nice recommend
It work pretty damn good
not a perfect device, doesnt tell you theres no LED light or NFC with it but hey works faster than the last phone i had
Wonderful cell phone. More features than anticipated.
I have only had this phone for about a week now and I really enjoy it. I bought the gold one and it is really pretty. It functions the same as my Samsung Galaxy s4, s5 and almost any other Samsung as far as functionality goes. The system seems to be set up the same for my basic purposes at quite a fraction of the cost. The last s5 I bought cost close to 800 dollars and I am way happier with this cheaper phone than I was with the s5. I watch videos, make phone calls, text, Facebook, snap chat and online shopping of course with hardly any issues.This issues I have had so far is that for some reason my backspace button on my keyboard is finicky. I have even tried downloading a different keyboard app and I still have the same issue. I don't know if it's an issue with the screen or what. Also for some reason snap chat videos shows a green line to the far left of the screen, it doesn't really disrupt anything it's just odd that it's there. Last thing is that for some reason I can't get mms messages to go out or come in which can be extremely frustrating. I don't know if a technical support could help me with these issues or not. I've always had contract phones so I don't really know how customer support goes for a phone that's not on contract.I would definitely make this purchase again. Even with the little glitches, this is a good name brand phone and worth the money spent on it. I just hope that somehow I can smooth out the glitches to prevent further inconvenience. Hope this helps.
It's really a great phone and the shipping was also great ... I love it!!
Very Good Samsung Buy,Very Affordable Price,Great Product..Works Well!!!!!!.
Ok
very good phone
love this phone. easy to use, nice size.
This is my second order and I received the phones in excellent condition both times. Thank you again.
I purchase it for m daughter. She loves it.So far everything works. Amazing battery life. Good phone for this price.
Great.
Love it!
It's very very good, buy it !!!!!
ok
Samsung Galaxy met my expectations and am very proud. with it.thank you.CT
love it
take nice pics
Charger
OK
Yes!
Very good.
The item is a good phone. The features of the camera are excellent but the quality of the pictures should be improved.
Great phone for price
We'll believe it or not this was the third time we buy the same phone. .me, my husband and my son. .we just need one more for my daughter. So I have puretalk usa phone plan..God pleas this company for their rates and they require unlock phone. .first I bought Samsung s5 with art which it did work well for a year then when they start to be contracted on some point with art the att soft work in the phone was interfiring with my phone service but after I bought this unlock international phone. .i have no problem at all..not only that. .in the future i can use this phone in Europe and middle east..yes I will buy this phone again
It is good phone
Very nice
Great leather case for my phone.
It's excellent
Clear picture right size good for the caribbean
Beats all android cheap phones. Functions adequately.
Really good phone for the money
Good
exelente
Its amazing, It exceeds my expectations.
It's a pretty good phone, when it arrived I was over zealous. I have a few pros and cons but overall it's a good phone for the price I bought.pro:Dual SIM capabilities. I don't have to buy two phones I have my work and personal SIM cards and I alternate between the two.simple easy to use, nice sized screen and flash when taking picturesSamsung has apps as well that you can browse through in addition to the play store appscon:Freezes once in a while when browsing the internet and in between apps
Loving It!
I have my grand since two months ago and i love it the cellphone goes very well i have been testing many games and it has no problem running the games. You will love the camera is great and it has many options to take a picture i enjoy selfie mode it is very nice and original you can use ur hand or ur voice to take a picture.Low price to a great smartphone :):)
Everything good and delivered in time.
No problems here. Love this phone!
Perfect
Awesome phone, very complete
It's a gift for somebody and can't reviewed it until the person received it and it works perfectly.
Good phone
I really luke it but the appel m6 file is unable to move downloaded music fromage the internal to the externalisation storage eucharistie almost samsung do.
Good phone for the price.
Perfect!!!
The prducts are great I just order some too smal
THIS PHONE WORKS PERFECTLY, EXELENT CHOICE.
I buy this phone for a friend and he love it perfect.
perfect size.weight is just right.
Love this phone. This phone was purchased to replace a phone that was stolen. Works great.
Nice phone so far.
good phone for the price
PERFECT PHONE NO PROBLEM
I've had this phone for a while now and I really like it. The size is perfect for me and I love that it has an extra chip slot for when I go home to the island I'm from. The phone is unlocked and its durable, I'm horrible and I use to drop it all the time until finally I got a case. It does have a weird little glitch though and every blue moon I have to shut it off or remove the battery so that it will unfreeze. I guess that is to BE expected of technology?
Actually, my purchase of this phone it was for a gift to send it overseas. I believe the person receiving it was very happy.
My mother loves it! She raves and raves about this phone and then shows it off to everyone she meets.
bought for my friend. No bad review from him.
It had to had more gigs
Great phone. No problem setting it up.
Bought this for my dad. He loves it! This is his first smart phone. Use it in Jamaica and it works for both Digicel and Flow Network.
Great phone. Exceeded my expectations.
GOOD
Great phone! Very fast and efficient. And the size is perfect!
Quick delivery. Product as advertised. Will see how it works over the next month
great for on the go!
Thank you for the excellent service you provided. Phone works great!!
Perfect for price range, extremely close to an S5 model. Worth the money. Not a super fast phone but not a slow one either.
I love it
This phone is awesome and you cannot expect anyting better than this within $180. It has dula sims, is unlocked, descent display size and works beautiful
Very nice!!!
I got for my husband and likes it alot.
Great phone, prompt delivery.
I will definetely recommend it
Works well
It's great phone, does the job more than expected. I bought 4 of these phones for my siblings in Tanzania, they are so happy with the choice. They say it works the same as other big names phones, and the best thing of it is "the dual sim cards slots plus extra SD card" they are so in love with it, no complaints so far.
It was excellent
Great phone it works very well as i traveled to mexico real good deal. I have had it for 5 months
Work great bought it for straight talk service
Good
Fast delivery.. came with original packaging, headphones, battery and all paperwork. Phone was easy to activate and I couldn't be happier!!!
Love this phone - works well, takes great pictures. Only down side is it is very touch sensitive and I have sent out several accidental pocket texts...lol
Great
I really love it
Once I realized that I needed to select the sim card (#1) it has worked like a charm. Good deal. Works well w/ T Mobile.
Great phone at a great price. I had a chance to use it for a few months and I have no complaints. Runs great, battery life is holding up well and no issues.
great dual sim phone for a family member in Jamaica
Very good
Phone arrived earlier than expected. Turned out to be a great phone.
my mother can't stay off of her device. great phone
It was just as the item looks and say about the phone
Good as expected
SO GOOD AND I REALLY APPRICIATE DOING BUSSINESS WITH YOU GUYS
This phone is good although its not the best for watching videos or movies because of the screen resolution but it runs apps pretty smoothly.
Bought for my niece in Jamaica and it works like a charm. She loves it and never puts it down.
Great phone. Beat my expectations. Arrived on time, no problem on start up here in Mexico. Recomment seller.
love it
Very nice phn.works everything.no prolem at all. I love it. Thanks i made the wright choice.
Nothing
That phone works like the Samsung Galaxy s5 there is no difference between these 2 phone I love it
bought 2 nd time and working good just drop and broken last one.
This is a bargain item and love it so much. It works perfectly fine and would recommend it to anyone...happy buying!
ok
Love it it works at my island and don't need to unlock it.
Works great...saved lots of money.
we bought the 2nd set of the same brand. Love it
Super fast shipping. Ordered on a Wednesday, here by Friday! BUT I ordered the wrong phone on accident! Otherwise great buy!
Bought this for my dad as a gift and he is very happy
Very nice phone , for the price. If you are looking for a cheap very functional cell phone, this could be a really good option for you.
I'm happy with my cell
Bought for my daughter. She is 16 and it is right up her alley.
Great phone so far. Screen does look a little washed out, but it's nice, big, and decently fast. I use it with straight talk. I simply put my old SIM card in it and added the right APN. It DOES work in the US (with straight talk anyway) and although it doesn't get LTE it's still fast enough. Also if you call straight talk and set it up (I took easy way) you get 5 GBs of data for $45!!!
It arrived on time & pretty fast. Finally i found a phone that is actually unlocked. The phone is great I really like it, very nice quality for the price. Big screen. I've always been an iPhone fan still am, but until then for a android yes I highly recommend this galaxy. Love it. Especially the little camera features it has.
Bigger than in the photos, but very proportionatedIt works fine on all its features
Very fast shipment awesomeness
Excellent. phone came quicker than estimated time. features are cool. not like a galaxy note, but it gets pretty close.
It is great just wished that it already came with a memory card so that I can have more storage on my phone.
It good
Very Nice. Good Good Good
Like it
perfect
I'm in love with this phone! It's everything I ever wanted in a smartphone. It has a nice display screen, with the best camera ever! The overall quality is just amazing and I recommend it to anyone that is looking to upgrade their smartphones!!
I love it. Tks you!.
10/10 very good phone. No problems, very fast and very stylish! I'm going to buy this phone for my younger daughter and would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a cheap and good phone. very good!!
good phone
Good value works well , has better battery savings tahn other phones wife is ahppy and she can drop it as much a sshe likes and i dont fel terrible ebacuse it was reasonably priced
Fast delivery and works good.
The phone is working very good in have no issues no complaint so far
my daughter had been saving her money for some time to get this jphone and was so excited it arrived so quickly.
Good phone
Phone was awesome. Screen, sound, Battery and functions all were aces. Replaced a Google Moto phone that was not a good story. Bigger that what I replaced, but getting old & easier to see & type. Only issues so far...1) was able to transfer old contacts and information using Google account...Worked like a charm. Did not have as much luck with Samsung & Motorola transfer aps. Have not figured out a way to transfer the music & photos, but am working on it. 2) The phone was advertised as "UNLocked" I plugged-in the old sim card from my past phone (RIP) & I was able to use it immediately as a phone, but it would not use data functions reliably & finally quit altogether. I called my Carrier (Consumer Cellular-GREAT) and they tried to walk me through a network change...No luck.. the phone was set for a Cingular account & we could not determine how to change it. I contacted the seller, and after 2 tries, was sent correct network information & "how-to" links to change the carrier.It was more than I had ever done to make a phone work, but for the price, if you can get correct network settings for your data, it is a great phone.Seller was responsive.
perfect!!!
It's a good phone for what I need it to do, and beyond great for the price I paid for it...It's an awesome phone have had no problems with it all...
Pretty good soo far!! :D
Great product. Great seller.
So far happy with my new phone
Takes 2 micro sim cards, large screen, does everything an andriod phone does. No regrets here especially for the price.
It's a great phone with fun apps.
Love my. Phonr
Bought this for my coworker. She was looking a cheap Samsung phone. She loves it. It works perfectly.
So far so good. Product is as described.
Low cost smart phone that works for my needs.
My first smartphone and I am amazed how powerful it is and how easy it is to use. The phone is from Vietnam, so there are a few problems with dealing with a foreign website. Very nice phone!
Bought this phone for my wife and she loves it. I personally like the compact size and the fact that you can use two sim cards from different carriers in it. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that it didn't have S-Voice. Great price too.
Very good item works perfectly fine had it for a while now and no problems have occured. Great seller and fast shipping
Thanks A++++
This phone is awesome!
I bought this for my daughter she says it works good and she loves it.
Great
Great phone!I am using since it was received and everything is cool. It's a must have and recommend it.............
perfect
Excellent
Amazing phone, the best value for the price, dont hesitate to grab one
love the phone so far
Awesome
nice cell
Excellent phone for it's pricetag.
I bought this cellphone on wendsday afternoon's and it was there at my currier on Thursday, the seller was fast and everything i ordered was there , i was scared for the low ratings and review it has but thanks God i took the risk, the cellphone is amazing is cheap and gives you all the experience of a expensive cellphone i am enjoying it a lot!!
Excellent product recommended.
Excellent phone, colorfull screen, it suprised me because I was not sure because of the ppi density, but I am satisfied, Samsung has its magic. It is fast, I am still loading apps continues fast, so far.
Fantastic screen quality, great camera. This phone is faster and more efficient in battery consumption over the IPhone 4 I previously had. The sound quality is great while watching movies or just using the speaker phone. I strongly recommend this device for those looking for a smart phone but not willing to take out a private loan or second mortgage on their house.
After reading some of the reviews about what this phone was lacking, I was a little afraid to order it, but I must say it has exceeded my expectations. You can barely tell a difference between the color brightness of this phone and other Samsung phones and it's surprisingly fast. Overall very good phone for the price.
ALL GOOD . NO PROBLEM . RECOMMENDED
I love this phone. Its much better than the one I bought before. I have no idea how managed without this kind of phone but I am grateful for such a great phone. I hope to keep this phone for a lot longer time than before I have been lucky in the past with used phones to keep it for 6 months before it starts to mess up on me. But I am glad this was a brand new one that was perfect for what I needed it to do. Thanks to the Seller for such a wonderful phone.
Nice thank you
great and fast ship store
I loved this phone however it did shatter soon after I got it but while it wasn't I loved it
Excellent
Nice and very complete phones
My daughter loves this phone! The gold color is pretty and works well where we live (Kansas).
good for the price
Very excellent, i love it.
I love it
Its fye
Better than expected
excellent!
Awesome Phone for that price.
No complaints. Well packaged and had a year manufacturer's guarantee
Well I love my phone actually arrived early before Christmas this phone is great I recommend it''
We Liked the iPhone case. Received as described in the add. Received on time.
It's good but too big for me
new in box as advertised and works great. it is a dual sim card cell if that is something your looking for, Have gotten several complements and inquires as to the price and where I purchased this cell. Loving it...
It's perfect!!!
Value for money! Great user friendly phone!
Nice cell
Excellent phone. It was a present for my daughter and she is fascinated with it. The screen is really big and its definition is awesome. The front camera has a superb quality, that's why I chose this cell-phone. She is taking selfies all the time. The most outstanding feature of the product is life battery.
Loving this baby
The phone works great I love it the first day I got it.
It's really good. I'm liking it and it meets my expectation.
Great item at a reasonable price, great delivery, great source I would recommend and or purchase items again.
This was a gift and the receiver likes it very much!
Excellent package arrival. Package arrived early from its estimated time. Everything was nicely protected no damages to box. Gotta admit not what I expected its way better.
Good
I was unsure if this type of phone would feel my needs, and it actually did, and way more than I expected. It's fast! The screen quality and lightning is incredibly high! I feel like I was watching a HDTV. It's just amazing for everything, games, watching Netflix, and browsing, It's PERFECT!
Nice phone. Hold the games that I play and more. Still trying to figure out how to save music to the Samsung Galaxy Prime.
I bought this for my 12 yo son. It has all the bells and whistles of the much more expensive cousin to this phone. He's extremely hard on phones. He's gone through two iphones already. One lasted a week before shattering the glass despite having an otterbox. I was tired of shelling out money to replace it. After making the switch to android and samsung from apple, I suggested he do the same. He's obsessed with all the extra stuff you can do with android that you could not with apple. Plus the storage is expandable. I kept my 4s for years until it wouldn't hold anything unless I wiped it. I decided to go with a Samsung Note 5. It's so much better. If you are considering making the switch but don't want to drop a large amount of cash on a phone you'll hate, go with this one. It's perfect.
No problems so for I love it
We purchased this phone for my 15 year old son he absolutely loves it. we had it since Christmas have had no problems with it! We are even talking about purchasing another for my 10 year old great products would definitely recommend it!
So far, a great phone for the price. Battery charges fast and runs out slow.Fast start up.Programs open fast. No problems.
Hi this was a gift an I understand it is working good so thanks
Good
Love it...I want to purchase another one, price went up. NOT HAPPY...
Great Product for the price.
Its really nice phone and worth to the price. I bought this to give as a gift to my uncle. He uses it for last one year without any issues..
Phone is great..came as advertised new in box and with all the accessories mentioned above. Also it runs on the android lollipop platform. .my only thing is its only got 4gb of space and I haven't found an SD card slot for it..still great but.
Came in excellent condition, everything works great
Still going strong! bought it for my wife. She dropped it in the toilet and we cleaned it up with alcohol and sticking it in rice. The dual sim is a cool feature but you have to set up everything each time. We use it for the BVI between the USVI and the VPN has to be put in now and then
Great phone at a great price. I had a chance to use it for a few months and I have no complaints. Runs great, battery life is holding up well and no issues.
great dual sim phone for a family member in Jamaica
Very good
G reattach product
Just Awesome phone for this Price. pretty good specs for a phone. Very Light in weigh and Big in size. Very nice Camera too. Very....
It's exactly what I need. Good product
The phone is working very good. The only problem seems to be the life of the battery. Have to charge it every other day.
great phone even though its only 3g its features more than make up the difference
Very satisfied
Excellent telephone. The camera resolution is good. The duration of the battery is good.
good choose....
Works just like a Samsung S5.......
Nice phone, a little slow sometimes, but a good phone at that prize
Excelent
Excelent
IT LOOKS NICE, NARROW, I HAVE A 32 MICRO SD CARD IN IT, DOWNLOADING APPS, FEATURES, CAMERA ALL WORK EXCELLENT. SOMETIMES IT STOPS SCROLLING DOWN WHEN I VISIT A SHOPPING PAGE WITH LOTS OF PICTURES (ONLINE) BECAUSE IT NEEDS UPDATES... I HAVE TO ARROW BACK TO THE PREVIOUS PAGE W/O A PROBLEM. THEN START ALL OVER. :-/ OTHER THAN THAT, ITS A GOOD PHONE.
One of the best phone is ever had
Fantástic!!!!!@@
Product was ok. Camera quality isnt bad. I just tend to look like i filted my pics when i use it. Memory ok. Product came just a it should look with all accessories. Works fine so far. Package also came on time
great product
The phone worked well immediately. Once I set up my local data access configuration it connected with the internet and worked flawlessly. It is slightly larger than the S4 phone and is a preferable choice for men's hands. It's using a later version of Android than the S4 and is a bit more intuitive to use. There are no books published for this phone unfortunately.The battery is 25% larger than the Core Prime and with careful use it only needs recharging every four or five days.It's very nice to be able to get a phone this capable for less than $240.
I bought 3 of this phone From Amazon. The last one is little different and having android latest version. It's made specifically I think. Features are different than other grand prime . Awesome. U can go for it.
meets my expectations
This phone operate very well for me I have no problem after using it tor the last three weeks good buy for the money
good i love it
Its an awesome phone to have, i enjoy it
bueno
Fantastic
Love it battery last long and its super fast
Good price and works well like S5. Resolution is not as good as S5 otherwise looks the same.
Nice cellphone
Hello I am very satisfied with the timely shipping , the product is what I expected , thanks
My parents love it as for their Christmas present.
Good s***
First smart phone I ever used. Works great. Since I am on the edge of T-Mobil service area, it normally logs on the my WiFi server and I can use all the time I want for free.None of my minutes show up on my T-Mobile bill! Long battery life, sharp screen, nice size, what's not to like?
Great phone. Fast, reliable, easy to use. Great value.
Bought this as a gift for my younger brother. It's almost like the Galaxy S4. He's happy with it.
Great phone
Excellent Budget Phone. I was shocked and amazed that the phone shipped with android 5.1.1 Lollipop. The phone works well with T-Mobile HSPA+ network.
Great Product!
Very good cell phone, everything good, looks like on pictures, works perfect
I've bought this phone for multiple members of my family including another adult. Everyone I've given it to has been extremely satisfied. I highly recommend this phone.
Works great no problems
great product
Very good.
The item is a good phone. The features of the camera are excellent but the quality of the pictures should be improved.
This phone is amazing. Being a mom the camera is number one for me and this phones camera is outstanding. Call quality is wonderful and texting is as well. I got this phone when I got rid of my iPhone and I will never go back. It arrived earlier than the actual delivery date which I loved.:)
It's like having a nice piece of jewelry. The one accessory I can't leave home without.
Love this phone works great. Would recommend to anyone to purchase you would not be disappointed.
Purchased for my wife's birthday.... She was using a Nokia slider for 5 years and really did not want to give it up. But after a week with the Galaxy the Nokia is history. She loves it!!
Freezes sometimes but it is good
Great Value, I use it for my kids, one is 15, one is 9, they are happy and so are my wife and I
Product came on time and works great
Great product. Fast shipping.
the product works great I purchased the phone for my mother for her birthday it is very nice and is not too technical for her to operate I will continue to purchase from the buyer as this order came as described and I am very happy
Great product !!
👍
Muy buen Producto
Excellent phone
Amazing
Bought as a gift for my boyfriend. He loves it!
Worked without a FLAW. Have T-Mobile at home, but while in Cali, Colombia I used a Claro Sim Chip. No Problem ! ! ! Received phone calls from Chicago and I was able to use it in Cali. Flawlessly! Highly Recommed This Phone. By the way, by Logging on to my Google Account I was able to download my Contacts. The only Downside is the Camera. Only 5 mp. But, it still took Good Pics. Do recommend this phone.
Came in quick. I was able to test it with T-Mobile SIM and AT&T SIM cards so Yes it is unlocked phone. I actually liked it that it is a dual SIM enabled phone. I will post more once I experience it little bit. 1st impression was great.
nice, works great the only thing i dont like about it is that the camera takes long to take the picture, but the quality of the pic is lovely
great
Received phone, set up quickly and works flawlessly so far. A great deal!Aug.19th, been a few weeks with heavy usage with phone, battery life is really great, and so far has not missed a beat. I am buying one for my son, he needs a reliable
Its fast and takes great pictures... So far it all works great... My husband likes the phone!!
It's just simply nice and l loved it
Bought for my niece in Jamaica and it works like a charm. She loves it and never puts it down.
Great phone. Beat my expectations. Arrived on time, no problem on start up here in Mexico. Recomment seller.
It work pretty damn good
I have only had this phone for about a week now and I really enjoy it. I bought the gold one and it is really pretty. It functions the same as my Samsung Galaxy s4, s5 and almost any other Samsung as far as functionality goes. The system seems to be set up the same for my basic purposes at quite a fraction of the cost. The last s5 I bought cost close to 800 dollars and I am way happier with this cheaper phone than I was with the s5. I watch videos, make phone calls, text, Facebook, snap chat and online shopping of course with hardly any issues.This issues I have had so far is that for some reason my backspace button on my keyboard is finicky. I have even tried downloading a different keyboard app and I still have the same issue. I don't know if it's an issue with the screen or what. Also for some reason snap chat videos shows a green line to the far left of the screen, it doesn't really disrupt anything it's just odd that it's there. Last thing is that for some reason I can't get mms messages to go out or come in which can be extremely frustrating. I don't know if a technical support could help me with these issues or not. I've always had contract phones so I don't really know how customer support goes for a phone that's not on contract.I would definitely make this purchase again. Even with the little glitches, this is a good name brand phone and worth the money spent on it. I just hope that somehow I can smooth out the glitches to prevent further inconvenience. Hope this helps.
Thank You !
excelent
It arrived on time & pretty fast. Finally i found a phone that is actually unlocked. The phone is great I really like it, very nice quality for the price. Big screen. I've always been an iPhone fan still am, but until then for a android yes I highly recommend this galaxy. Love it. Especially the little camera features it has.
Bigger than in the photos, but very proportionatedIt works fine on all its features
Very fast shipment awesomeness
Great she love it
It's awesome
Good
i love it
Very nice
A step up from my Moto g 1 I had before. day light viewing not great. Appreciate the dual SIMAnd the price was right at $120
Replaced my l ost phone
Purchased for traveling abroad to use with foreign Sim cards can't wait to try
I Like it! :DPros:- Outstanding Quad-Core Performance (like S5)- Great AF(Auto-focus) Camera with Flash- Can Add more storage (I used 32GB, and allows you to extend more apps and files)- Simple design HeadsetsCons:- None.I would like to recommend this Affordable phone to a friend.
love it
I always love Samsung Phones. I just replaced my Samsung T211 phone tablet since I needed a smaller phone. This phone met all I wanted and expected from a phone. Awesome!
Great phone for a great price.
Setting up and everything was easy and it works really well. The two Sim slots are really convenient!
It's been a year and I still love my phone!
Very good phone at an excellent price.
Good Phone. I HAVE HAD IT FOR 11 MONTHS AND I HAVE ENCOUNTERED ABSULOUTELY NO ISSUES WITH IT.
Great phone for the price
good
I love my phone. Would buy it again. I just gave it 4 stars bc the back cover is realy cheap material and it scratched in no time, but I considr this a good phone.
very good
So far so good. I dislike not having colored message indicator lights.
A nice phone. Came with 5.1 lollipop installed. I think that HD screen would have made it perfect for me. But again its a low end phone so...
Great phone for tmobile
Love it!!! Came in excellent condition!!!
Excellent phone that has and does everything most of us need. Dual sim with dual standby works perfect. I also enjoy watching tv and videos from Netfliks on it. I really don't know why people pay so much for other models.
Exceed my expectations
loving it
I love this phone. Arrived in just a few days(3). After my boyfriend raving about his i decided to get one too.. Great phone for the price and great features. Cant put it down.
gOOD
there wasn't any problems
Nice product. It works perfectly. But tje performance, not what i espected. Just my oponion.
This is a cute uograded phone from my samsung note 2. Slimmer and sleek too. I had to buy another one for my mum...Price was ok
Excellent product
Bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. Will buy from again.
Excelente phone for the price!!!
good phone, I took it outside of US and it worked perfectly fine with other phone service carriers.
Happy Birthday to me!!! I just love my phone!!! Worth every cent and I have had it for a few weeks now! You just can't go wrong!
Love the phone! However, since it was manufactured internationally, I am unable to find a compatible SD card to increase the memory.
Works great so far....still learning a few things about the phone but I'm getting there
Very nice phone!
Great phone and easy switching from one app to another. Like the way I can close used apps
A much better phone than I was already using. The phone operates fast and apps run better.
Good product.no indication light if you miss a call or have a message you.for this price you get what you pay for.
good phone, tough to understand
I have had this new Galaxy Grand Prime for about less than a month. It meets all my needs but NOW I have noticed some issues with it not recognizing prompts. I have had to shut it down & reboot it a number of times to get it to work again. Has any one else experienced this malfunction ? or am I just the lucky one.Bill
Stupid that it wasn't from the USA because if anything happens damage wise the 1 year limited warranty isn't effective
Excelente!!!
Very satisfied
Great phone and fast. Good wifi reception and clarity of speech used magic jack to call friends. Located micro SD slot on top of sim 1 expandable to 64Gig. I am running 16Gig. All apps from Galaxy s2 ported over rather quickly via google account. Verizon and Sprint do not work with this phone they are CMDA FYI. Sim 1 2G, Sim 2 3G. ATT and Tmobile are supposed to work but Tmobile reviews say that only voice and text. Have not tried it out. I use Straight talk and will use ATT. The only con is it does not have 4G for secure banking via phone. My area does not have much 4G anyway. The phone that I received says north america which includes mexico, canada, central america and has to be activated for 5 minutes on a north american carrier before it can be used overseas. I have used other phones in Eastern Europe with no problems. They run on 2G. Leave sim 1 open if you travel to Europe. There will not be a problem with this one.
One of the most amazing Galaxy phones out there. It's sleek and affordable.
Love it
Got my package yesterday. I love it. Looks like new and works wonderful!
Very big and great picture quality but still easily portable.
best phone I've had! Definitely would buy this again! Great phone at a great price, does everything I need!
Calme perfect!
Im very happy with this grand prime. It's meeting the expectations I anticipated from it. I just wish I had gotten one with more internal memory but with the memory it does have it performs well. Shipping and delivery went smooth as butt skin.
Great phone for the price. Only markdown is the lack of a notification light.
It's a great phone and I am enjoying it not too expensive will recommend
Screen went black 2 months after it arrived. Loved phone. Afraid to order another. Repair will cost is about cost of new phone.
Nice and beautiful
The recipient loves her phone
best purchase, my sisters love it
Great phone with the exception of the speaker. Rather poor. Others have commented on this.
Love it!! Just receive it, and is charging just perfect. I will try it and see how it goes.
great phone...
I love that phone, I have just small issues for myself, this phone not up-gradable to last Android version. It stuck with 5.1.1. I mostly use this phone for testing purpose so it not fit to my expectations, but besides this everything is just lovely, big screen, colors, brights, easy to use, external storage.. etc.
I was a little nervous to purchase this unlocked cell phone due to some of the reviews I read, but all of my worries disappeared once it arrived to my home. It got here on time and in great condition. The phone it's self is a budget phone, but it works beautifully with my Net10Wireless plan and looks exactly as is shown in the photos. It's surprising fast and more up to date than I expected. I'm able to get certain apps on this phone that I wasn't able to get before with my Samsung Galaxy S3. Such as Pokemon Go, Vine, and I am now able to get and use all of the Snapchat filters available. Great fun!However, some things that did bother me: The front facing camera for selfies works great but the outward facing camera on the back of the cell phone is a bit lower quality and is noticeably so. The charger cord is too short for my liking, and the set of headphones it came with are completely useless.Otherwise, this phone works great and I have had no problems with it so far. I'm evening considering buying two more for family members this Christmas. I would highly recommend!
I received it OK (on time, package was good, nothing broken, etc). I originally had a Galaxy S2 with AT&T. S2 uses a regular size SIM. This Grand Prime uses a micro SIM. I didn't even know the size of SIM would be a problem. To be fair, AMAZON description did clarify the size of SIM. I just did not think thoroughly. Anyhow, due to the size problem, I could not switch my phones immediately. Next day, I visited AT&T and they gave me a free micro SIM and completed the phone transfer (thanks, AT&T :). Since then, I have used my phone OK. It is not perfect. LTE is not working with this phone. However, given how much I paid for this phone, I would choose this phone over any other phone. For the price, this is an excellent phone. Overall it works really well.
Fast and reliable
This a great product,all the features of this phone is true to the product.I love it
Great phone with excellent features
good
Nice
Really good phone..
Awesome!!!Thanks.
I had to pull the trigger on getting a new phone, this one has met all of my hopes and expectations!!
I love this phone; an excellent buy, and was exactly what I expected and needed!
Very great. I recommend it to anyone.
love it
So far I really like this phone. I'm not tech savvy so I don't know smart phones well. However, so far this phone has been really easy to use, which I appreciate!
This phone is working very good.
I love this phone, purchases 2 for my husband and myself. My husband also loves his phone. Perfect size, good battery life.
What my wife wanted, and it's a nice phone.
Awesome phone
Love it!
I really enjoy this phone it is much easier to use than the one I use to have. I use to have the HTC and this one has more memory. It is also easier to move things to my SD card. I have Metro PCS and I only had to buy the sim card. I would recommend this phone to people. It is very nice and easy to use.
A great phone for the money.
Still have this phone works great and affordable great job Samsung as usual
GREAT PHONE! it made a perfect gift
I bought this for my husband to replace an old Samsung. The price was right and my husband loved it. He took it to the T-Mobile store and got compliments from the sales people. It's a popular phone and they cannot keep it in stock. He wanted a hard case from the T-Mobile store and they had no problem helping him with a Amazon purchased phone.
I wanted something that would run off the CDMA network. Otherwise it's good, but not for me..
Bought two phones - one for youngest daughter and one for myself...these are the best Samsung phones ever. Great bargain on Amazon too! Love the features and the ease of apps...been searching for a new phone for the longest and I finally found it!
It's been great so far.
Very nice, good pictures
gREAT PRICE
So far, so good. Its a nice phone
Yes my wife loves it so far it has worked great.
We purchased this phone to use on Tracfone ("bring your own phone") to replace our existing "flip phone". It was easy to set up and there have been no issues to date. We like the large size and have not been disappointed in its capabilities. Be sure to look for Amazon's SIM card offering if you do decide to purchase this as it costs 1/4 of the amount Tracfone is asking and it comes in the same package saving both time and money.
Very good phone, would recommend as a starter smart phone.
Works as intended and the price is right. The size is good to have big letters and watch without glasses.
The phone had been turned on before but otherwise a cool phone, gets the job done bought it for my wife and she loves it.
This smartphone I really like it. The features are awesome.Most of all the price was reasonable.
Still learning, but so far quite satisfied.
I love this phone. The price was right for my budget. I like the duo SIM card for when I travel outside of the country. This phone I'd like a mini laptop. I also like the quick access features where I access my favorite sites. Pictures and video are HD quality.
great phone one of the best i bought in years
Excelente
My son loves this phone!
excellent phone ! Sold by: BlutekUSA , best price . this phone works perfectly, it just doesn't have those fancy features like finger prints unlock, or measuring heart rate like my S6 but for its basic requirements for a smartphone , its one of the best with the lowest price .
Brother is enjoying his new phone.
I love this phone
I love this Samsung, especially for its picture quality. I was at time square during new year period and took several picture with my family,this Samsung beats my brother's iPhone in term of picture quality. Works great with my simple mobile SIM.
Very good phone for the price. .I will be buying another
Excellent product
Worth the money
This phone is awesome! The camera has better definition in natural light vs. low or artificial lighting, but sstill pretty awesome!!
Tried same-day delivery, worked like a charm. The phone works as expected, it's certainly not the fastest Galaxy device but serves very well it's purpose as a non-premium performance phone. I recommend it.
So far so good!
I really love this phone, I just left my iPhone 4s behind for this one and so far im absolute loving this phone, the screen is nice and big. The screen itself us very nice and bright. The camera are GREAT! I HAVE FAMILYMOBLIE BY T-Mobile, just inserted my SIM card and I was working!I have all of my favorite apps installed! I did purchase a 32 gig sd card for this phone too! I'm happy with my decision! 😆😀
Awesome phone for the price.
Good phone if you are looking for something decent but not to expensive! Great as a starter phone for kids.
Great phone for the price
Love at first sight, eventhough mine was "uplifted" it was supurb. Too smooth, ohh i miss it… #GALAXYBLUES
Not the same quality as Galaxy S5
d
Good.
These aren't flagship phones by any means but they are perfect for my 16 and 12 year old children. They are priced so I don't have to make monthly payments on them and they have the reliability and the styling I like from Samsung without the cost (or flashy features) of an s series or note series phone. My kids are pleased with them. My son does complain that he runs out of storage easily but he is a budding tech genius and tries to do all kinds of things vs with his phone that normal people dont. Overall we are pleased with them. My daughter has it in gold and my son in the gray. Both come with European plugs and an adapter for US sockets but it doesn't really matter if you're like our family and have a zillion of the sub wall units around that house, you can just plug the sub cable into any of those or purchase one of you dont like having to use the adapter. Also comes with headphones
great phone great price!
Good product.
Yep!
I am pleasantly surprised by this phone....the battery life is superb! Great phone at a great price.
Really nice phone. Better than expected. Came in great condition
Good
good
Notification tones are turned to their highest, however volume is still low
I bought 2 of them, and I can say its an amazing
Love for my daughter didnt have to have a plan
I have heard reviews of the screen not looking very clear or HD, but I just saw it in person and it looks fantastic. I was a little skeptical about this item at first because many of the reviews have weird English, but take it from me that this is truly an excellent phone for the price. I'm blown away. Gave it to my mother for a gift.
Just love that phone.....best and cheap ever
Amazingly awesome phone
cant get notification lights.plus my msgs are cumn in my call log
Great phone
Ordered it on a Saturday, got it three days later (Tuesday). Phone is in perfect condition and works great. Brand new. Comes with earphones and charger. Will make a great gift for my dad!Only downside I would say is that you need a micro SIM card to get it to work!EDIT: Bought another phone because i liked it so much. Again, arrived brand new, etc.
great product I am satisfied, H Watters 14/06/16
I love it! I buy it for use it with telcel in Mexico and is working 100% fine!
Great quality phone for price
Everything was perfect like I was expecting with this phone. This phone is amazing with all the features it has. The price is very cheap comparing to the same phones sold by some stores. You can use it either in USA or internationally.
Nice size not too big compared to my LG. Has nice features such as ultra power saver, and a radio app. Getting use to having a home button again, but even my mom had no trouble figuring out how to use this phone. Sound quality is very good, and the free headset was nice too!
Great phone , no issues
I wish I had bought this sooner...a little bummed that I can't pick my own tone for message allerts but over all its a great phone
Works good and it's very fast,I have the gold one and it's beautiful so I don't use a case for it,I used my old phone sim card and it works fine
Excellent, I recommend it 100%
Fast shipping and looks beautiful, but the charger base is European and won't work for my American outlets.
Working great!
Bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loved it! So much so that it was stolen shortly after and she got another one just like it lol
Excellent product and purchase experience
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. Does everything she needs and more
Thank you so much. Nice phone. Good buy
Perfect if you need dual sim cards for at home or travelling.
Very happy with this smart phone.
Great phone at a great price!
Great cell phone, I have had mine two years with no issue that I brought my daughter one, she loves it, it is big enough that she play games on it, never had an issue with mine. I love all the features this phone has, not only is it big enough to see, which some cell phones these days are not, I can't even read an iPhone these days due to it being so small, so it was nice to see one so big, the memory size is quite large enough to add many apps on it and I have never had an issue with mine for 2 years so I would recommend this phone for others.I am under no obligation to provide a positive review for this product, nor am I receiving any type of compensation, incentive, or reward for doing so. A positive review is only given for positive product attributes and effects or performance of the product, not to just boost the seller. My main objective is to simply inform a potential customer of any positive or negative attributes about the product and its effectiveness or performance, just as I would like to know for myself. My review is solely based on my own personal experience with this product and I hope that this review helps with your decision to purchase this product. If you find that this review was at all helpful, I simply ask that you please indicate so by voting the YES button below because I try to write a thorough and thoughtful review for each product in which I evaluate, and I would like to Thank You in advance.
great phone, very close to my other note 4!!
I LOVE THE PHONE IT DOES WHAT I NEEDED FOR. THE BATTERY LAST LONGER.
Meets expectations.
Great phone, it works very well and reliable! I had it over a month and no problems.
Very happy with the phone!
great phone....brand new. Works perfectly (overseas) and has dual sim. So good that i bought one for my wife today!!!!
Great phone. Affordable and great picture very sharp..not too big the phone just right size.
I also bought this as a gift. she loved it
I just got my phone today and I am super impressed with all the features it has to offer. It even has 2 SIM card holders. The phone was in excellent condition and it came with the battery, charger, and even headphones! The gold color is really nice, the screen is marvelous, and the product is overall fantastic. I would buy this phone again! I absolutely love it. :)
nice phone! great service by SurgeTelecom.
Very good phone.
Except for lack of 4G accesibility this is a good phone.
Works great just at&t dont sell cases have to buy online and sometimes frezees gb go fast
Love it!
AWESOME Phone - Works Well with AT&T - I have an iphone 6P and it broke. Apple would not replace it or give credit to buy a new iphone. I purchased this Samsung Galaxy Prime and love it. For $150 approx - this phone works very well and support 2 sim cards. Please purchase the adapter kit if you are using an iphone sim or a using this phone as an iphone backup only FOR ATT customer.Just looks like my iphone 6P.I wonder why I should spend HIGH $$$ on iphone anymore. Love this phone. Installed all my favorite apps and works AWESOME
Excellent...
The phone provides both form and functionality. It was easy to insert the SIM card and very easy to set-up once you signed into your Google account.
Good product, works well
My order arrive very fast and great conditions. ....my galaxy grand prime is beutibul big,very easy to add a new Sim card....really really satisfied I'm whit a Tracfone carrier and work perfec so far.....
So far so good. Works great for my needs. Would recommend
Am rather impress with this phone it came in its original package and working very good
excelente....
Awesome phone
The phone arrived withing 4 days of the order....after having galaxy S3 for so many years this phone surprised me.....it's bigger in size, it's fast easy to work with...it was so easy to transfer my music/pictures/documents...I had this phone working/set up in 5 minutes to my liking....Camera quality is excellent... this phone is international and it workes with T-mobile or simple mobile providers....or any provider sponsored by T-mobile..
Perfect. got headphone & charger with it. but I had to wait 7 days to receive it
Bought this for my brother he loves it! Software is well u to date. Con it doesn't come with a music app.:( disappointed about that but its great!
I love the phone im so happy with my purchase and it works very good with net 10,I simply love it!!
I am satisfied of the outlook and operation of the phone. i do recommend it to any who look for fully pledged smart phone at reasonable cost.the package had been re-sealed as was informed by amazon for their pre-shipping check-ups. phone was brand-new and with international warranty. thanks for after-sales verification on the product by amazon. i bought item from cell floor. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS G531H/DS 8GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - White
bought two! happy
Excellent , I love all the features included in this set.
Have been very happy with this phone.
It was a gift haven't heard any complaints yet not one I would buy for myself
I rated the phone from everyone view and I can't regret today cause its a great deal. Fast delivery and good product. It two a week before I got it seen that I live in the Caribbean.
Its great but the volume and selection of ring tones are terrible. The phone really needs louder volume to hear it ring if its not in your pocket. I miss alot of calls leaving it in the living room but still in the house
Great phone
excelente
Worked fine glad I purchased this phone love Android phones .
More space and it can play the games my old phone cannot. Samsung Galaxy Exhibit upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Value edition. Yes they don't mention that it's a value edition. I still think it was worth it.
Brought one for my gf and she loves it plus it works awesome
I liked it at first but is starting to lag already and also am already out of device storage which is preventing me from updating any apps. Compared to the galaxy s3 and s4, which I had each for 2+ years and never experienced a lack of device storage.
all da f boys be like 2 phones real boys be like 2 sims F F F the Police
This is my second phone to travel overseas so far so good. I expect to use it on my next journey thanks...
Good qυalιтy pнone.
I like it
No complaints. ..like a mini laptop...it does almost everything
I have it for sometime now and it is still working great. One of the best cellulars I had.
I have always enjoyed using android products. I am not an IT Tech person, I just need a device that can provide my basic needs and various other features. So I am very pleased it's a dual sim, and will continue using Samsung Products.
GREAT PHONE FOR VALUE! Dual SIM capabilities essential for frequent travelers. The images from front and rear cameras are vivid and clear with options for dynamic HD colors, GIFs and night images. Large Screen is great for gaming, watching movies and video chat. Would recommend to tech-savy heavy phone users on a budget.
Great price.. great performance. I question the age of the battery.It was more phone than I needed or understood...did I mention you can use it in other countries by dropping in an additional chipAnd it doesn't catch on fire in your pocket or purse
I love this phone
Daughter can't stay off it.
The camera is great as well as the other features
i bouth this phone for my mother in law, everything seems ok until today. I really hope still fine. good seller.
great smartphone phone i like
Phone came as expected...love everything about it and its nice slim design
excellent product !!!!!
Works great!
This phone is all good. It hasn't given me a single problem since I bought it. Easy to use, excellent resolution, and very durable.I'll say that again, VERY durable. Dropped it by accident a couple times and there wasn't a scratch on it (thank goodness). All in all, I give my thumbs up for this Samsung Galaxy.
The phones were okay
The phone works good but was a day late getting to me and the only other thing is the power cord does not fit very well it works but is really loose and may fall out in the future.
I like this phone as well as I liked my IPhone.
EXCELLENT
Great phone at a great price.Do you really need an $800 phone?
Like
I love the Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS G531H/DS 8GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone very much. It works very well at Canada. It easily transfers all of software and files from my Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 and both can be used alternatively.However, I notice the Prime opening time is longer than the Tab S2. As the result of test, the Prime takes 36” while the Tab S2 takes 24” to complete the opening. I do not know if the process time is right or not.
No issues, good price
good product and sevice
Worked great! I took it for a trip to India. Purchased a local sim with data and voice. I was not out of pocket my entire trip! At the end of the trip, I gave it to a friend who lives in India. His 2 year through his smartphone off the bed and that was the end of that phone. To thank him for all his hospitality, I gave him the phone. He was very happy! The phone is attractive and works great! And, at this price, I can purchase another when I take another trip!
good little computer
Bought this phone and love it
It's a great phone!
Like it very much
I liked it very much ,, everything i expected
excelent
pretty solid phone. i almost didn't notice that the SD card slides ride above the first SIM card slot. pretty cool. after a year of having a Windows phone, i jumped at the chance to get a Samsung phone with Android. couldn't be happier.
It's awesome cellphone
Good phone works great on t-mobile network. Can't register for warranty as this is an international item that is not sold by Samsung in US
I started off with the #1 Android Unlocked Cell Phone @ $59.99 and what a HUGE disappointment. It was the BLUBLU Advance 5.0 - Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - US GSM - Black I should have just gone with my gut instincts and bought the Samsung (well known for quality and not having quirky issues!) I also bought the 64GBSD card to store apps on. The BLU had a very very frustrating bug where it wouldn't download apps from the Play Store, until you switched the apps in the settings, and even then, it would only "trick" the BLU into taking an app every now and then! I much prefer having a phone that will load apps the way it's supposed to, without glitches.This phone is slick, solid and fast. The only place I've found that carries the spare batteries (I always like to have a spare charged battery on hand for emergencies!) is eBay. The battery number is: EB-BG530CBE.The ability to have 2 SIM cards working at same time is also something the BLU couldn't do, you had to choose one or the other!My advice is invest that $59.99 into a little more expensive phone, better operating phone!
Quality phone and order handled very professionally! Thank you.
Love this phone, & it was easy to set up.
Attractive, easy to use phone...love it
Great!
I absolutely love this phone. It does everything that I want it to do and more. It is like carrying a mini computer with me at all times. The camera has amazing resolution; the mp3 player has great tone; I can type on my goggle docs, and then print wirelessly. I cannot believe that there is a comparable system out there for the price. At first, people directed me to Apple, but I have always used Android. After hearing about some of the glitches with Apple, and some research, my daughter found these phones. Again, I highly recommend this device. The phone arrived in good order from the store, and in great time.
Good
Tha Samsung Galaxy works really well. It's even better than what I expected.
nice phone
Love the phone & case!
Good
Excellent
Excellent
Package arrived in a week, was exactly what i ordered. Works great and i love it ! Buy from Wireless Place, satisfaction 100% guaranteed.
Amazing it only stick once because i guest it was new... but its just amazing, camera is awesome... I will definitely recommend this to anyone
Worth every penny.
It is good but a little bit differend which i saw. Touch screen is not working sooo good i cant move the thinks from work window.
Write your review herelove love love this phone
Good phone and fast shipping
Very good price/quality ratio
Hi love
Awesome phoneReal value for money 👍
Great phone
Great phone! Slick design with a good camera. My Dad's vodafone sim card works perfectly.
Great deal. My wife loves it !!
:)
excelent!! all as shown in the description .
Awesome loving it...just got it..great condition, upgraded 5.1.1 os just to my expectations...so far.
The phones works great on my MetroPcs/Tmobile carrier! The shipping was fast. Thank you!
Very nice
All features are working nicely. The processor seems to be very quick. Nice bright screen. Camera has good resolution. Slots for two SIM cards is a big plus for me. Only negative is that the back cover needs to be removed to insert or remove the mini-SD card, which I need to do occasionally to transfer data. The SD card in my Galaxy Exhilirate loaded into a port on the side of the unit. The change was probably necessitated by the thinner profile, which I couldn't care less about.
Very good cellphone a very nice price
It would get 5 stars but it randomly switches off like entirely and u have to boot it back up.
Great phone for a good price! No problems setting up and using with byop straightalk.
not capable of 4G in Metro PCS.
sturdy protection. worth the price
i bought two phones the same exact ones , and so far I'm in love w. it ! it came perfect in good condition camera works great everything works great
Looks and works great, my daughter loves it.
I order one for my wife I liked so well I order one for myself. But don't order the prime case it's very very low grade and it takes 4 to 6 weeks to arrive .go to retailer for better quality case
Did not see it wasn"t 4G
It really nice but the battery life needs to be improved
I purchased this phone because I could not afford the HTC I really wanted. I've had HTC phones for a long long time and being that this was my first Samsung phone I really preferred my HTC. There was no real concerning issues with it, other than I just didn't like the system. However the battery life on this phone is AMAAAZZIIIINNGGGGGG!!!! I would listen to Spotify all day at work, log in for long periods of time on my social media accounts and would still have a high battery life by the end of the night.You will of course have to get a memory card for it as it has very limited space, but for the price you're paying, it's issue. I also really like the camera on this phone! Overall great for the price!
The phone is unlocked and can be used with any service provider. It is beautiful and affordable.
Excellent phone. I'm luvin it.
ok
I cracked the screen on my other duos, took it to the shop to find out it was outdated. I bought this one a week ago. The sim card slot was much smaller, so I had to cut my sim card down to fit (there is a DIY video on youtube, very easy). once I did, I had to fiddle around with it a bit. That night I sat down to configure it, and it was basic, though the instructions are NOT written in English. If you have prior knowledge and a little time on your hands, it's not a big deal. You do need to order a case for it to protect it. Like my former DUOS, it had a plastic backing. The screen size is contemporary, but not huge. The volume is not loud, but with a free app for boosting volume, it's an easy fix. This phone only takes AT&T compatible sim cards, if you want one for another company, you'll have to google the code that provider uses for sim cards. Overall, I really like it, its not slow, I use a straight talk ATT&T sim card in mine and I have great service. This is a great alternative for anyone who does not want to spend a ton of money, but still wants to enjoy the luxuries many high end phones have. My fiance is strictly an Iphone user, and was a bit jealous that my phone (and bill) was a fraction of what he pays, and more attractive than his.
I just left his phone and it arrived today and I bought it for my husband it's a great phone because I have one myself going to be a year in December and for the price is great I try to go to stores and not so much for the same phone and they tried to charge me$375
Good!
Very pleased with my new Samsung. Very user friendly and I love the gold colour.As my tablet is Samsung, this was an easy choice.The quality of the photos is excellent. My question to others is - why do my contacts names not appear always when they call me?At last I have found a smart phone that I love.
so far so good. phone does everything I need it to do
The phone arrived on time and i'm already using it from Argentina. It works perfectly and i love it.
It's very very nice, buy it !!!!
Will only connect on one of two bands in U.S. on AT&T, so so not expect 4G LET speeds (30Mbps). Expect H+ speed, which is more like 8Mbps, and plenty for streaming music, YouTube, and email.
good
I bought it because it's a double Sim phone. The camera is fine, and the network reception is quite good Compared to my former phone.
This is the first dual sim dual standby phone that i used that really did the job compared with BLU, Lenovo and Sky that always hang or restarts. I should have just bought this in the first place rather than started with the less expensive unknown phones. The price, with this you get more than what you paid for. Better that the S3 or S4 and can compare to the S5.
good iteam
This phone is amazing .. I like the fact it takes decent pics .. and good features which I like .. Its good phone for ah cheap price yall should definitely buy this phone :)
nice product
I love this phone so much! it runs so smooth and has 4.16 GB of space when you first get it. I have a 8 GB card also for more space. but very fast in messaging and Internet. definitely a must have. don't listen to bad reviews. this is a great phone. Works wonderful with straight talk. activication kit for straight talk is 59.88 plus tax.
Wonderful gift for my son.
I like the phone a lot. Its easy to use works pretty well and does everything that it should the only problem i have is that its only 8GB so buy a micro SD card along with it if you plan to download music of apps
Seems to work great. Just wish it had a slot for a microSD card.
excellent
Nice. Works with both available cellular networks. Nice features. Earphone design is poor in my opinion though. If an earphone is going to go into the ear, it might as well go in and not sit just on the inside. I prefer earphones/earbuds with the soft rubber to that fits into the ear. Those provided in this box are even slightly larger than normal making them difficult to use if you ear holes are small.
Great!
Love this phone.
I'm 26 years old and have always despised cell phones... My wife basically made me buy smart phones. I am tech savy, so I did my research. Honestly I love this phone. It's processor is really fast... sometimes I have 9-10 apps open and it still runs smooth. The "biggest" game I've run on it is Vice City and it runs solid! Love this phone! The only issue I foresee in the future is the mirrored plastic rubbing off from me using it so much! Also it's been a pain trying to find a guide to root the phone, but i hope to figure it out soon. I have PSOne emulator running and it runs all the games smooth as butter. HIGHLY recommend this phone! And I can use it internationally? Five stars!
Works well, gets hot quickly though and would've been nice to have the charging sensor light.
Awesome phone so far...I LOVE IT.
Works great.. highly recommend
Grand Dad loves it
I love it. Big screen
GREAT PHONE AT GREAT PRICE.
Phone works great. ..arrived on time
High quality for a low price. I couldn't believe it when i received my phone this morning. I am very excited for my phone. I ordered a used but very good condition.This phone came brand new and works excellent. I still can't understand why people spend a fortune for other brands.
No doubt one of the best mid-range smartphone out there, its fast, it has a great picture and video quality, overall this phone is great, definitely money well spent. Highly recommend it to anyoneone on a budget looking for a great phone.
OMG, you don't want to miss this one. I got this phone because my iphone 6 went bad, I wanted using it for a while but This phone is perfect, the camera is amazing, every thing is working perfectly, have never enjoyed any phone like this before. But the storage space is very small, I had to buy external sd. But the phone is good to go.
Bought to use with Tmobile and works perfectly fine. Was a bday gift for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it.
Very good phone for the price.
Great phone got it real quick
Good.
Got this phone for my 12year old daughter and and she Absolutely love it, as some great apps also.
love the phone. my sim works and its from mexico telcel
I love the fact that it's unlocked. Took my number and account from StraightTalk to this phone with no problems whatsoever. This is the first flat phone I've had. My kids were glad to see my flip phone go. The transition has been smooth, since I've been using Android on my Nook tablet. The only thing I hate about this phone is how much I love this phone.
Delivery was fast. Works great on both networks in Trinidad & Tobago (Digicel and Bmobile). Accessories not that difficult to find locally but purchasing case and screen protector with the phone can save you time and energy. Works great for my needs! I'm glad I made this purchase
Work beautiful I buy it for my boyfriend and he loved it
I'm happy with my phone
Nice phone
Did meet my expectation and i look the size.
When I took it to the cel store tp buy a plan the guy was surpriced due to the dual sim and that was unlocked from factory
good
Fast shipping, came in sealed box new from factory! First smart phone and so far I like it!
Excellent product great pixelation on both cameras and user friendly.
cool;
Good so far
Love it!
great for the price
Amazing phone just what i was waiting for and much more
Bought this as a gift for my GF for Xmas. Glad I did! She loves the phones features and the feel of the phone. Nice big clear display and weight. It's unlocked and ready for any carriers. Good for the price.
Good phone. Added to our AT&T account for a family member. It compares well with my Galaxy S5 for a much lower cost.
Great upgrade and saving from iPhone 4S...
An excellent phone. It is smooth as silk and works great. Very inexpensive to other high dollar phones.. Samsung does it again. The width of the phone is perfect for people like me with small hands and short fingers. Thanks to Samsung and Amazon.. LOVE IT !!!!
excelent
Bought phone for my brother and he loves it
I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my 12 year old son. We purchased a prepaid plan from Family Mobile at Walmart. It was easy to set up the account. It has good quality pictures. He is able to use it for texting and talking. You can also download all of the latest apps. This is a great phone to have. The color is also a plus.
Good
I brought it for myself I like it thanks.
I've had this for awhile now and gotta say really love it. For someone who needs a phone that is functional, this is the ideal grab. :)
This was one of my favorite phones unfortunately it was stolen so I ordered a note because it was cheaper but I really liked this phone and the color was pretty,
Great phone
Works perfect!
Great so far. I will alwaya trust Amazon for all my online purchases
good product fast shipping
Really nice and my wife likes it. Like that since it is unlocked I didn't have all the junk you normally get on a phone.
great phone to work with
awesome!
Like. It is very pretty especially the gold color
Good
Excelente
Nice features for the price. Camera front and rear just average. Very low volume for telephone especially in hands free sucks.
Great starting point for a change from flip phone to smart phone. Use T-Mobile, so had to go online for instruction manual to expedite learning how to use features.
The only problem is that the icons are too sensitive and I'm constantly activating things without wanting to. Otherwise, it's a great phone.
Very goodNot problem
Have had this phone since March and it's an amazing phone, but the only annoying part that is going on for me is either my chargers bent or the cord hole where you charge the phone is is broken because it is struggling to really stay charging now. I wonder if there is a way to fully know why my chargers won't work with the phone all the way now. Am I stuck getting a different phone AGAIN or can a professional see what the problem is which I hope is at least my chargers aren't working well I don't want it to be the phone that's doing this it's self.
Very phone
This product is AWESOME!!! No issues
Works with H2O wireless. I was worried but it turned out Awesomeeeeeee :). For the price it's hard to beat being unlocked and all. I am happy with feel that it has. Smooth and easy to use. Recommend it for sure. :)
all in excellent condition
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. In the past she had an iphone and this was her first Android device. She had no trouble adapting to this phone and favored the size and shape of her phone over my galaxy s5. It is a great phone for the price. If you are wanting a new smart phone--and not wanting to pay top dollar--I would highly recommend this product!
Excelent
Great phone. I had a little trouble getting it connected to my mobile carrier (Metro PCs) because I didn't realize it was a duo sim card but I have been loving the phone. It's fairly large but it holds battery very well and the Android operating system is fantastic. A good choice if you want a smart phone but can't afford the latest Samsung model.
As expected
I love this phone, so glad I ordered. It's so pretty and despite what some people were saying about it, it's actually pretty nice. Definitely worth what I payed, The display and color are very crisp and clear, It is actually decently fast and runs pretty smooth, and so far everything seems great. If you want a nice phone but don't want to spend a fortune, I'd say something like this is a pretty good deal. Lol , it is from Vietnam though, so when you first power it on everything is in Vietnamese! But once you get it into your correct language it isn't hard to figure out. mine was ready to update from kitkat to lollipop about 20 mins after i set everything up. Great phone!
Great phone for the price. Love it and it does everything I need. Cameras are great!! Give stars
Best phone around town. I bought two and unfortunately one of the back camera was not working. I returned it and ask someone to purchase another for me. Cant wait to have it this Sunday. Best photos ever
very good
very good phone.
Got this phone for my mom as a gift and she loves it
Great phone easy to set up
More than I expected :) very happy
PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!!
I got my phone a few days ago to be honest I've completely fallen in love with it, easy to use I got it working in just seconds of arriving, size is prefect, looks beautiful and feels amazing, I love it.
Nice phone
So far I like this phone, still learning. Don't much like the swipe but getting use to.
good product
very good phone for the price!
Everithing was perfect, the thing is, I need to reset the phone because of some setting I did wrong by error. But, I need a pin number to do that, how can I get that pin???
Bought 2 of these for friends oversees, they loved it.Provides great internet connection.
I had this phone for 6 months I had the Samsung Galaxy 4 note but they are virtually the same thing without the note I've dropped it a few times and it didn't break so it's definitely durable
Fine.
IT WAS VERY NICE
love the phone
I like this phone a lot. I used to have a cheaper BLU phone but this phone is so much faster and stylish. I develop apps as a hobby and it runs them without any trouble of installing any more drivers.
Good
I will always be a android fan and Samsung, still getting use to the phone. upcoming fishing trip ,rain gear is a must, I like the ease of putting on the suit,as far as the tote sack you might get a ball hat in it, the dalstrong knife is amazing quality only knicked myself twice, wll probably try the ceramic knives.
Phone works well
Love it
Bought these for my daughters - Not too expensive but have all the features they love. Great Buy. Works fine...
Only gave it a 4 star bc it doesn't work with Verizon though it says it works with all networks, otherwise phone is perfect , I own an iPhone 6 and I have owned a Samsung Galaxy s5..not much different from high end phones specs...at least so far...maybe time will tell
Good
thank is perfect
This phone is amazing great size...and everything came with it like the battery earbuds and charger with a foreign wall adapter...this phone is awesome and I have had a lot of phones in my day lol...would highly recommend you get one
meets my requirements as a young person
Worth every penny - but this phone is made for Turkey/Afganistan not that that makes much difference. I'm more than pleased.
It does the job as described. Might not be the newest model but I use it just fine.
I love everything about it!
Got the phone almost 3months ago an it stop working every thing just froze and I bought it to different places to fix I an they all say it can't be fix......really I put five stars so that it can be seen.....
I love it
EXCELENT
Love it!
THIS phone is SERIOUSLY UNDERRATED, it's just too awesome to be called a budget phone...
Love the phone but had issues with the charging it , but all in all great phone
Awesome phone!!! Absolutely love it! Easily transferred my service from a crappy carrier (Boost) who told me this phone was not compatible w their network so I couldn't use it, by buying a $7 T-Mobile SIM card/kit on Amazon, switching to them, keeping my #!!! AND getting a better & cheaper plan! I would highly suggest anyone wanting to keep a pre-paid plan & THEIR NUMBER & get a newer Galaxy smartphone for a GREAT price do this!!
Phone is all it is advertised. Everything works great, product is in perfect condition. Very Happy. Well worth the price.
Good!
Loved my new phone. I read books with it, watch movies...everything + it looks beautiful! recommend it to everyone.
Very good!
Great Phone.
Still learning to use it but so far its been great. The only thing in the package I could not use was the headset it appears that one ear plug had about a 20 inch wire to reach my ear but the other one was only about 5 inches long so could not use both at same time.
While very please with the 2 Samsung Grand Prime Duos phones, I have yet to get the SD card to be recognized by either phone. SD cards specific to these phones have been tried, as well as other SD cards I had.My question to you is 1) Have there been other purchasers having the problem,2) Is there a SD card make and size that it needs 3) What is the likely hood that the SD slot is bad on both phones. 4)If nothing can be corrected what do I have to do to get replacements?Thank YouSincerelyThomas G
The phone overall is great but it didn't come with a American charger and the earphones one of the earbuds is longer than the other.
I love this phone.
It's working just as I expected.
Good product , as expected
excelemts phone
Nice having the option to switch sim cards.
Nice cellphone
I had bought this to replace my father's old phone which I think was the phone that started the line of Samsung Galaxies. Since it's much more modern than the one he had there are different things about it, which just make it more awesome. It was simple to start up. The only thing that confused me is that is has two slot where you can put in a Sim card, and I had mistaken it for just one for the Sim card and the other microSD card. The microSD card is actually on a slot right on top of on the Sim card slots. My father has totally adjusted to his phone, although still learning about some of the new functions. I am almost tempted to get one myself. We have AT&T and we did not want to add to our bill a phone that back then we could of gotten for free. But with this phone, once purchased, is yours until whenever.
impressed good performance
It's a really nice phone to have and it's affordable
Just received this phone yesterday and I'm already in love with it...the downfall is no WiFi calling and my employment would be in a dead zone but for once I was actually getting enough signal for my texts so really don't care about the WiFi calling feature though it might be somewhere in the settings my slow self jus cant find it and the manual that came with the phone was well 3 pages lmao other than that the pictures come out hella nice n overall awesome phone at a really nice price!!!!!!
Great phone...used it as a gift!
Great phone
THIS SAMSUNG GALAXY PRIME IS A VERY NICE PHONE WORKS AND LOOKS GREAT,
Nice phone
Good job
Great phone so far.
I love it. The phone is fast and can be used anywhere
I'm no expert, so maybe my five stars is a bit over the top, but I have had a lot of phones and this one is by far the best.It has a bright display for daylight use if you crank it up, good battery life if you're smart about it (don't have blue tooth/wi fi on if you're not using them etc), and most important for me it has easy to use, logical software. If I wanted to go to college to be able to use my computer, I'd buy an Apple ( I have one and it was a mistake), so I was happy that this phone was easy to figure out on the fly.One thing about this particular model is that you can't find a cover for it in the States, at least easily (I tried), so order one or two from Amazon when you get the phone.
Great phone. Great price.
Great for the price, you would love it
Great product
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone. It takes great pictures. It instantly set up with my work calendar just by setting up my work email. I can instantly access my emails and facebook. It's easier to use facebook on my phone than my laptop.
My son purchased with his own money - excellent phone - he loves it - we purchased it because he wanted an unlocked Samsung - we then used the Tracfone Sim Activation Kit to set it up with Tracfone. Very durable phone and would definitely recommend it.
nice
Excellent product and service!
Other than having to adjust a few things here and there, the phone is great. Battery lasts so much longer than previous phones.
Work's beautifulLove it nice photos
perfect phone for the price
This phone is amazing I love it my first real good expensive phone
Very pleased with this phone. Found out I could have purchased elsewhere at a lower price (*at the Cricket wireless store for $100), but I always have great success with Amazon and would rather just stick with proven results.Many functions, substantial speed, excellent camera, and my service under Cricket wireless is exceptional. All around great phone...I've had tremendous experiences with Samsung...and I'm still not sure why some people would spend $600-$800 for a phone when this one has everything a person should need.
good
Easy to use and set up. Love the phone.
Very good quality product
Just as I expected with samsung great phone and user friendly.
Bought for someone else,they have no issues as yet
Its batter then other phone
This phone is great so far! The phone arrived shortly after ordered, i have had it for a total of 3 days so far. It may be too soon to tell, but so far i dont have a negative thing to say about this product. The phone has a slick design, and the screen is large. Any text or pictures have a clear and crisp display, and It also holds a good charge. For me the fact that you can take off the back of the phone with ease is a huge plus, it alows you to access your sim card, micro sd card, and battery with no hassle. I had mixed feelings about ordering the phone, wondering if the cheap price meant the quality of the phone would be poor. This is certianly not the case, if you are looking for a cheap, durable, and reliable phone this is it. :)
Bought this phone for my son, he likes it and all its features.
Very good phone. I am from the Caribbean, and I had no problems with it. Would highly recommend.
I don't like this phone, it is too slow pictures quality poor. And I need to send it back
Everything good except for the headphones
Love my phone
Purchased this to replace an Iphone 5S which was dropped in water. It arrived quickly and in good condition. I started with an android phone but moved to IOS when upgrading. Both have their perks but coming back to this phone reminded me how much I missed the simplicity of Android. This seems to have much less bloatware than other galaxy phones I've seen and for a $150 phone, it starts up and opens apps pretty quickly. Phone calls are average for hearing the other party(I'm not sure how I sound to others). The sound put through the on board speaker and headphone jack are weak (Lacks lower end on the headphone output). Overall this phone does exactly what I need, makes texts, makes calls, GPS on Google Maps, checking Email, and gives me internet access.I did have a problem initally with AT&T service. I could make calls and text, but couldn't use data. I used this site:[...]to set up a new access point for data and everything has worked since.TLDR:Pros:QuickGood Battery LifeSimplicity isn't always badNot much bloatwareRemovable BatterySD Card SlotDual SimCons:Weak Headphone Jack OutputAverage Call QualityAverage Camera
great
So far so good and great price. Got one for my self and my daughter for her b.d. I think in comparison the Samsung galaxy 7 in price.....I would opt for this one, can't beat it and so far it is a really nice phone!!!
Excellent thanks
my sisters loves it.
Excellent!!!!!
It's best features for me are that it will work on European networks and it has slots for 2 SIM cards that you can switch between. Comes with a variety of built in apps.
Great phone. Good relation price -equipment. Excellent camera.
Nice I love it.
Phone was in excellent condition. Worked perfectly.
Its keeps dropping my calls but its ok otherwise. I'm not not sorry i purchased this Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime
I received it OK (on time, package was good, nothing broken, etc). I originally had a Galaxy S2 with AT&T. S2 uses a regular size SIM. This Grand Prime uses a micro SIM. I didn't even know the size of SIM would be a problem. To be fair, AMAZON description did clarify the size of SIM. I just did not think thoroughly. Anyhow, due to the size problem, I could not switch my phones immediately. Next day, I visited AT&T and they gave me a free micro SIM and completed the phone transfer (thanks, AT&T :). Since then, I have used my phone OK. It is not perfect. LTE is not working with this phone. However, given how much I paid for this phone, I would choose this phone over any other phone. For the price, this is an excellent phone. Overall it works really well.
Fast and reliable
This a great product,all the features of this phone is true to the product.I love it
Great phone with excellent features
good
Nice
Really good phone..
Happy Birthday to me!!! I just love my phone!!! Worth every cent and I have had it for a few weeks now! You just can't go wrong!
Love the phone! However, since it was manufactured internationally, I am unable to find a compatible SD card to increase the memory.
Works great so far....still learning a few things about the phone but I'm getting there
Very nice phone!
Great phone and easy switching from one app to another. Like the way I can close used apps
A much better phone than I was already using. The phone operates fast and apps run better.
Love it
Got my package yesterday. I love it. Looks like new and works wonderful!
best phone I've had! Definitely would buy this again! Great phone at a great price, does everything I need!
Calme perfect!
Im very happy with this grand prime. It's meeting the expectations I anticipated from it. I just wish I had gotten one with more internal memory but with the memory it does have it performs well. Shipping and delivery went smooth as butt skin.
Great phone for the price. Only markdown is the lack of a notification light.
It's a great phone and I am enjoying it not too expensive will recommend
I really enjoy this phone it is much easier to use than the one I use to have. I use to have the HTC and this one has more memory. It is also easier to move things to my SD card. I have Metro PCS and I only had to buy the sim card. I would recommend this phone to people. It is very nice and easy to use.
Awesome!!!Thanks.
I had to pull the trigger on getting a new phone, this one has met all of my hopes and expectations!!
I love this phone; an excellent buy, and was exactly what I expected and needed!
Very great. I recommend it to anyone.
love it
So far I really like this phone. I'm not tech savvy so I don't know smart phones well. However, so far this phone has been really easy to use, which I appreciate!
This phone is working very good.
I love this phone, purchases 2 for my husband and myself. My husband also loves his phone. Perfect size, good battery life.
What my wife wanted, and it's a nice phone.
good phone, tough to understand
Stupid that it wasn't from the USA because if anything happens damage wise the 1 year limited warranty isn't effective
Excelente!!!
Very satisfied
Great phone and fast. Good wifi reception and clarity of speech used magic jack to call friends. Located micro SD slot on top of sim 1 expandable to 64Gig. I am running 16Gig. All apps from Galaxy s2 ported over rather quickly via google account. Verizon and Sprint do not work with this phone they are CMDA FYI. Sim 1 2G, Sim 2 3G. ATT and Tmobile are supposed to work but Tmobile reviews say that only voice and text. Have not tried it out. I use Straight talk and will use ATT. The only con is it does not have 4G for secure banking via phone. My area does not have much 4G anyway. The phone that I received says north america which includes mexico, canada, central america and has to be activated for 5 minutes on a north american carrier before it can be used overseas. I have used other phones in Eastern Europe with no problems. They run on 2G. Leave sim 1 open if you travel to Europe. There will not be a problem with this one.
Setting up and everything was easy and it works really well. The two Sim slots are really convenient!
It's been a year and I still love my phone!
Very good phone at an excellent price.
Good Phone. I HAVE HAD IT FOR 11 MONTHS AND I HAVE ENCOUNTERED ABSULOUTELY NO ISSUES WITH IT.
Great phone for the price
good
I love my phone. Would buy it again. I just gave it 4 stars bc the back cover is realy cheap material and it scratched in no time, but I considr this a good phone.
very good
So far so good. I dislike not having colored message indicator lights.
A nice phone. Came with 5.1 lollipop installed. I think that HD screen would have made it perfect for me. But again its a low end phone so...
Great phone for tmobile
Love it!!! Came in excellent condition!!!
Exceed my expectations
loving it
Screen went black 2 months after it arrived. Loved phone. Afraid to order another. Repair will cost is about cost of new phone.
Nice and beautiful
The recipient loves her phone
best purchase, my sisters love it
Great phone with the exception of the speaker. Rather poor. Others have commented on this.
Love it!! Just receive it, and is charging just perfect. I will try it and see how it goes.
great phone...
I was a little nervous to purchase this unlocked cell phone due to some of the reviews I read, but all of my worries disappeared once it arrived to my home. It got here on time and in great condition. The phone it's self is a budget phone, but it works beautifully with my Net10Wireless plan and looks exactly as is shown in the photos. It's surprising fast and more up to date than I expected. I'm able to get certain apps on this phone that I wasn't able to get before with my Samsung Galaxy S3. Such as Pokemon Go, Vine, and I am now able to get and use all of the Snapchat filters available. Great fun!However, some things that did bother me: The front facing camera for selfies works great but the outward facing camera on the back of the cell phone is a bit lower quality and is noticeably so. The charger cord is too short for my liking, and the set of headphones it came with are completely useless.Otherwise, this phone works great and I have had no problems with it so far. I'm evening considering buying two more for family members this Christmas. I would highly recommend!
gOOD
there wasn't any problems
Nice product. It works perfectly. But tje performance, not what i espected. Just my oponion.
This is a cute uograded phone from my samsung note 2. Slimmer and sleek too. I had to buy another one for my mum...Price was ok
Excellent product
Bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. Will buy from again.
Excelente phone for the price!!!
good phone, I took it outside of US and it worked perfectly fine with other phone service carriers.
Just received this phone yesterday and I'm already in love with it...the downfall is no WiFi calling and my employment would be in a dead zone but for once I was actually getting enough signal for my texts so really don't care about the WiFi calling feature though it might be somewhere in the settings my slow self jus cant find it and the manual that came with the phone was well 3 pages lmao other than that the pictures come out hella nice n overall awesome phone at a really nice price!!!!!!
Great phone...used it as a gift!
Great phone
THIS SAMSUNG GALAXY PRIME IS A VERY NICE PHONE WORKS AND LOOKS GREAT,
Nice phone
Good job
Great phone so far.
I love it. The phone is fast and can be used anywhere
I'm no expert, so maybe my five stars is a bit over the top, but I have had a lot of phones and this one is by far the best.It has a bright display for daylight use if you crank it up, good battery life if you're smart about it (don't have blue tooth/wi fi on if you're not using them etc), and most important for me it has easy to use, logical software. If I wanted to go to college to be able to use my computer, I'd buy an Apple ( I have one and it was a mistake), so I was happy that this phone was easy to figure out on the fly.One thing about this particular model is that you can't find a cover for it in the States, at least easily (I tried), so order one or two from Amazon when you get the phone.
I love the fact that it's unlocked. Took my number and account from StraightTalk to this phone with no problems whatsoever. This is the first flat phone I've had. My kids were glad to see my flip phone go. The transition has been smooth, since I've been using Android on my Nook tablet. The only thing I hate about this phone is how much I love this phone.
Delivery was fast. Works great on both networks in Trinidad & Tobago (Digicel and Bmobile). Accessories not that difficult to find locally but purchasing case and screen protector with the phone can save you time and energy. Works great for my needs! I'm glad I made this purchase
Work beautiful I buy it for my boyfriend and he loved it
I'm happy with my phone
Nice phone
great phone one of the best i bought in years
Excelente
My son loves this phone!
excellent phone ! Sold by: BlutekUSA , best price . this phone works perfectly, it just doesn't have those fancy features like finger prints unlock, or measuring heart rate like my S6 but for its basic requirements for a smartphone , its one of the best with the lowest price .
Brother is enjoying his new phone.
I love this phone
I love this Samsung, especially for its picture quality. I was at time square during new year period and took several picture with my family,this Samsung beats my brother's iPhone in term of picture quality. Works great with my simple mobile SIM.
Very good phone for the price. .I will be buying another
I order one for my wife I liked so well I order one for myself. But don't order the prime case it's very very low grade and it takes 4 to 6 weeks to arrive .go to retailer for better quality case
Did not see it wasn"t 4G
It really nice but the battery life needs to be improved
I purchased this phone because I could not afford the HTC I really wanted. I've had HTC phones for a long long time and being that this was my first Samsung phone I really preferred my HTC. There was no real concerning issues with it, other than I just didn't like the system. However the battery life on this phone is AMAAAZZIIIINNGGGGGG!!!! I would listen to Spotify all day at work, log in for long periods of time on my social media accounts and would still have a high battery life by the end of the night.You will of course have to get a memory card for it as it has very limited space, but for the price you're paying, it's issue. I also really like the camera on this phone! Overall great for the price!
The phone is unlocked and can be used with any service provider. It is beautiful and affordable.
Excellent phone. I'm luvin it.
ok
I cracked the screen on my other duos, took it to the shop to find out it was outdated. I bought this one a week ago. The sim card slot was much smaller, so I had to cut my sim card down to fit (there is a DIY video on youtube, very easy). once I did, I had to fiddle around with it a bit. That night I sat down to configure it, and it was basic, though the instructions are NOT written in English. If you have prior knowledge and a little time on your hands, it's not a big deal. You do need to order a case for it to protect it. Like my former DUOS, it had a plastic backing. The screen size is contemporary, but not huge. The volume is not loud, but with a free app for boosting volume, it's an easy fix. This phone only takes AT&T compatible sim cards, if you want one for another company, you'll have to google the code that provider uses for sim cards. Overall, I really like it, its not slow, I use a straight talk ATT&T sim card in mine and I have great service. This is a great alternative for anyone who does not want to spend a ton of money, but still wants to enjoy the luxuries many high end phones have. My fiance is strictly an Iphone user, and was a bit jealous that my phone (and bill) was a fraction of what he pays, and more attractive than his.
I just left his phone and it arrived today and I bought it for my husband it's a great phone because I have one myself going to be a year in December and for the price is great I try to go to stores and not so much for the same phone and they tried to charge me$375
Meets expectations.
Great phone, it works very well and reliable! I had it over a month and no problems.
Very happy with the phone!
great phone....brand new. Works perfectly (overseas) and has dual sim. So good that i bought one for my wife today!!!!
Great phone. Affordable and great picture very sharp..not too big the phone just right size.
I also bought this as a gift. she loved it
I just got my phone today and I am super impressed with all the features it has to offer. It even has 2 SIM card holders. The phone was in excellent condition and it came with the battery, charger, and even headphones! The gold color is really nice, the screen is marvelous, and the product is overall fantastic. I would buy this phone again! I absolutely love it. :)
nice phone! great service by SurgeTelecom.
Very good phone.
Except for lack of 4G accesibility this is a good phone.
I am pleasantly surprised by this phone....the battery life is superb! Great phone at a great price.
Really nice phone. Better than expected. Came in great condition
Good
good
Notification tones are turned to their highest, however volume is still low
I bought 2 of them, and I can say its an amazing
Love for my daughter didnt have to have a plan
I have heard reviews of the screen not looking very clear or HD, but I just saw it in person and it looks fantastic. I was a little skeptical about this item at first because many of the reviews have weird English, but take it from me that this is truly an excellent phone for the price. I'm blown away. Gave it to my mother for a gift.
Just love that phone.....best and cheap ever
I bought this for my husband to replace an old Samsung. The price was right and my husband loved it. He took it to the T-Mobile store and got compliments from the sales people. It's a popular phone and they cannot keep it in stock. He wanted a hard case from the T-Mobile store and they had no problem helping him with a Amazon purchased phone.
I wanted something that would run off the CDMA network. Otherwise it's good, but not for me..
Bought two phones - one for youngest daughter and one for myself...these are the best Samsung phones ever. Great bargain on Amazon too! Love the features and the ease of apps...been searching for a new phone for the longest and I finally found it!
It's been great so far.
Very nice, good pictures
gREAT PRICE
So far, so good. Its a nice phone
Yes my wife loves it so far it has worked great.
Screen went black 2 months after it arrived. Loved phone. Afraid to order another. Repair will cost is about cost of new phone.
Nice and beautiful
The recipient loves her phone
best purchase, my sisters love it
Great phone with the exception of the speaker. Rather poor. Others have commented on this.
Love it!! Just receive it, and is charging just perfect. I will try it and see how it goes.
great phone...
I love that phone, I have just small issues for myself, this phone not up-gradable to last Android version. It stuck with 5.1.1. I mostly use this phone for testing purpose so it not fit to my expectations, but besides this everything is just lovely, big screen, colors, brights, easy to use, external storage.. etc.
I was a little nervous to purchase this unlocked cell phone due to some of the reviews I read, but all of my worries disappeared once it arrived to my home. It got here on time and in great condition. The phone it's self is a budget phone, but it works beautifully with my Net10Wireless plan and looks exactly as is shown in the photos. It's surprising fast and more up to date than I expected. I'm able to get certain apps on this phone that I wasn't able to get before with my Samsung Galaxy S3. Such as Pokemon Go, Vine, and I am now able to get and use all of the Snapchat filters available. Great fun!However, some things that did bother me: The front facing camera for selfies works great but the outward facing camera on the back of the cell phone is a bit lower quality and is noticeably so. The charger cord is too short for my liking, and the set of headphones it came with are completely useless.Otherwise, this phone works great and I have had no problems with it so far. I'm evening considering buying two more for family members this Christmas. I would highly recommend!
Bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loved it! So much so that it was stolen shortly after and she got another one just like it lol
Excellent product and purchase experience
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. Does everything she needs and more
Thank you so much. Nice phone. Good buy
Perfect if you need dual sim cards for at home or travelling.
Very happy with this smart phone.
Great phone at a great price!
Great cell phone, I have had mine two years with no issue that I brought my daughter one, she loves it, it is big enough that she play games on it, never had an issue with mine. I love all the features this phone has, not only is it big enough to see, which some cell phones these days are not, I can't even read an iPhone these days due to it being so small, so it was nice to see one so big, the memory size is quite large enough to add many apps on it and I have never had an issue with mine for 2 years so I would recommend this phone for others.I am under no obligation to provide a positive review for this product, nor am I receiving any type of compensation, incentive, or reward for doing so. A positive review is only given for positive product attributes and effects or performance of the product, not to just boost the seller. My main objective is to simply inform a potential customer of any positive or negative attributes about the product and its effectiveness or performance, just as I would like to know for myself. My review is solely based on my own personal experience with this product and I hope that this review helps with your decision to purchase this product. If you find that this review was at all helpful, I simply ask that you please indicate so by voting the YES button below because I try to write a thorough and thoughtful review for each product in which I evaluate, and I would like to Thank You in advance.
great phone, very close to my other note 4!!
I LOVE THE PHONE IT DOES WHAT I NEEDED FOR. THE BATTERY LAST LONGER.
Everything good except for the headphones
Love my phone
Purchased this to replace an Iphone 5S which was dropped in water. It arrived quickly and in good condition. I started with an android phone but moved to IOS when upgrading. Both have their perks but coming back to this phone reminded me how much I missed the simplicity of Android. This seems to have much less bloatware than other galaxy phones I've seen and for a $150 phone, it starts up and opens apps pretty quickly. Phone calls are average for hearing the other party(I'm not sure how I sound to others). The sound put through the on board speaker and headphone jack are weak (Lacks lower end on the headphone output). Overall this phone does exactly what I need, makes texts, makes calls, GPS on Google Maps, checking Email, and gives me internet access.I did have a problem initally with AT&T service. I could make calls and text, but couldn't use data. I used this site:[...]to set up a new access point for data and everything has worked since.TLDR:Pros:QuickGood Battery LifeSimplicity isn't always badNot much bloatwareRemovable BatterySD Card SlotDual SimCons:Weak Headphone Jack OutputAverage Call QualityAverage Camera
great
So far so good and great price. Got one for my self and my daughter for her b.d. I think in comparison the Samsung galaxy 7 in price.....I would opt for this one, can't beat it and so far it is a really nice phone!!!
Excellent thanks
my sisters loves it.
Love it!
THIS phone is SERIOUSLY UNDERRATED, it's just too awesome to be called a budget phone...
Love the phone but had issues with the charging it , but all in all great phone
Awesome phone!!! Absolutely love it! Easily transferred my service from a crappy carrier (Boost) who told me this phone was not compatible w their network so I couldn't use it, by buying a $7 T-Mobile SIM card/kit on Amazon, switching to them, keeping my #!!! AND getting a better & cheaper plan! I would highly suggest anyone wanting to keep a pre-paid plan & THEIR NUMBER & get a newer Galaxy smartphone for a GREAT price do this!!
Phone is all it is advertised. Everything works great, product is in perfect condition. Very Happy. Well worth the price.
Good!
Loved my new phone. I read books with it, watch movies...everything + it looks beautiful! recommend it to everyone.
Great phone. Great price.
Great for the price, you would love it
Great product
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone. It takes great pictures. It instantly set up with my work calendar just by setting up my work email. I can instantly access my emails and facebook. It's easier to use facebook on my phone than my laptop.
My son purchased with his own money - excellent phone - he loves it - we purchased it because he wanted an unlocked Samsung - we then used the Tracfone Sim Activation Kit to set it up with Tracfone. Very durable phone and would definitely recommend it.
nice
Excellent product and service!
Other than having to adjust a few things here and there, the phone is great. Battery lasts so much longer than previous phones.
very good
So far so good. I dislike not having colored message indicator lights.
A nice phone. Came with 5.1 lollipop installed. I think that HD screen would have made it perfect for me. But again its a low end phone so...
Great phone for tmobile
Love it!!! Came in excellent condition!!!
Excellent phone that has and does everything most of us need. Dual sim with dual standby works perfect. I also enjoy watching tv and videos from Netfliks on it. I really don't know why people pay so much for other models.
Exceed my expectations
loving it
I love this phone. Arrived in just a few days(3). After my boyfriend raving about his i decided to get one too.. Great phone for the price and great features. Cant put it down.
Just as I expected with samsung great phone and user friendly.
Bought for someone else,they have no issues as yet
Its batter then other phone
This phone is great so far! The phone arrived shortly after ordered, i have had it for a total of 3 days so far. It may be too soon to tell, but so far i dont have a negative thing to say about this product. The phone has a slick design, and the screen is large. Any text or pictures have a clear and crisp display, and It also holds a good charge. For me the fact that you can take off the back of the phone with ease is a huge plus, it alows you to access your sim card, micro sd card, and battery with no hassle. I had mixed feelings about ordering the phone, wondering if the cheap price meant the quality of the phone would be poor. This is certianly not the case, if you are looking for a cheap, durable, and reliable phone this is it. :)
Bought this phone for my son, he likes it and all its features.
Very good phone. I am from the Caribbean, and I had no problems with it. Would highly recommend.
I don't like this phone, it is too slow pictures quality poor. And I need to send it back
Good product , as expected
excelemts phone
Nice having the option to switch sim cards.
Nice cellphone
I had bought this to replace my father's old phone which I think was the phone that started the line of Samsung Galaxies. Since it's much more modern than the one he had there are different things about it, which just make it more awesome. It was simple to start up. The only thing that confused me is that is has two slot where you can put in a Sim card, and I had mistaken it for just one for the Sim card and the other microSD card. The microSD card is actually on a slot right on top of on the Sim card slots. My father has totally adjusted to his phone, although still learning about some of the new functions. I am almost tempted to get one myself. We have AT&T and we did not want to add to our bill a phone that back then we could of gotten for free. But with this phone, once purchased, is yours until whenever.
impressed good performance
It's a really nice phone to have and it's affordable
So far so good. Works great for my needs. Would recommend
Am rather impress with this phone it came in its original package and working very good
excelente....
Awesome phone
The phone arrived withing 4 days of the order....after having galaxy S3 for so many years this phone surprised me.....it's bigger in size, it's fast easy to work with...it was so easy to transfer my music/pictures/documents...I had this phone working/set up in 5 minutes to my liking....Camera quality is excellent... this phone is international and it workes with T-mobile or simple mobile providers....or any provider sponsored by T-mobile..
Perfect. got headphone & charger with it. but I had to wait 7 days to receive it
Bought this for my brother he loves it! Software is well u to date. Con it doesn't come with a music app.:( disappointed about that but its great!
I love the phone im so happy with my purchase and it works very good with net 10,I simply love it!!
I am satisfied of the outlook and operation of the phone. i do recommend it to any who look for fully pledged smart phone at reasonable cost.the package had been re-sealed as was informed by amazon for their pre-shipping check-ups. phone was brand-new and with international warranty. thanks for after-sales verification on the product by amazon. i bought item from cell floor. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS G531H/DS 8GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - White
Excelente
Nice features for the price. Camera front and rear just average. Very low volume for telephone especially in hands free sucks.
Great starting point for a change from flip phone to smart phone. Use T-Mobile, so had to go online for instruction manual to expedite learning how to use features.
The only problem is that the icons are too sensitive and I'm constantly activating things without wanting to. Otherwise, it's a great phone.
Very goodNot problem
Have had this phone since March and it's an amazing phone, but the only annoying part that is going on for me is either my chargers bent or the cord hole where you charge the phone is is broken because it is struggling to really stay charging now. I wonder if there is a way to fully know why my chargers won't work with the phone all the way now. Am I stuck getting a different phone AGAIN or can a professional see what the problem is which I hope is at least my chargers aren't working well I don't want it to be the phone that's doing this it's self.
Very phone
All features are working nicely. The processor seems to be very quick. Nice bright screen. Camera has good resolution. Slots for two SIM cards is a big plus for me. Only negative is that the back cover needs to be removed to insert or remove the mini-SD card, which I need to do occasionally to transfer data. The SD card in my Galaxy Exhilirate loaded into a port on the side of the unit. The change was probably necessitated by the thinner profile, which I couldn't care less about.
Very good cellphone a very nice price
It would get 5 stars but it randomly switches off like entirely and u have to boot it back up.
Great phone for a good price! No problems setting up and using with byop straightalk.
not capable of 4G in Metro PCS.
sturdy protection. worth the price
i bought two phones the same exact ones , and so far I'm in love w. it ! it came perfect in good condition camera works great everything works great
Looks and works great, my daughter loves it.
Amazingly awesome phone
cant get notification lights.plus my msgs are cumn in my call log
Great phone
Ordered it on a Saturday, got it three days later (Tuesday). Phone is in perfect condition and works great. Brand new. Comes with earphones and charger. Will make a great gift for my dad!Only downside I would say is that you need a micro SIM card to get it to work!EDIT: Bought another phone because i liked it so much. Again, arrived brand new, etc.
great product I am satisfied, H Watters 14/06/16
I love it! I buy it for use it with telcel in Mexico and is working 100% fine!
Great quality phone for price
Everything was perfect like I was expecting with this phone. This phone is amazing with all the features it has. The price is very cheap comparing to the same phones sold by some stores. You can use it either in USA or internationally.
Awesome phoneReal value for money 👍
Great phone
Great phone! Slick design with a good camera. My Dad's vodafone sim card works perfectly.
Great deal. My wife loves it !!
:)
excelent!! all as shown in the description .
Awesome loving it...just got it..great condition, upgraded 5.1.1 os just to my expectations...so far.
The phones works great on my MetroPcs/Tmobile carrier! The shipping was fast. Thank you!
Very nice
Excellent product
Worth the money
This phone is awesome! The camera has better definition in natural light vs. low or artificial lighting, but sstill pretty awesome!!
Tried same-day delivery, worked like a charm. The phone works as expected, it's certainly not the fastest Galaxy device but serves very well it's purpose as a non-premium performance phone. I recommend it.
So far so good!
I really love this phone, I just left my iPhone 4s behind for this one and so far im absolute loving this phone, the screen is nice and big. The screen itself us very nice and bright. The camera are GREAT! I HAVE FAMILYMOBLIE BY T-Mobile, just inserted my SIM card and I was working!I have all of my favorite apps installed! I did purchase a 32 gig sd card for this phone too! I'm happy with my decision! 😆😀
Awesome phone for the price.
Good phone if you are looking for something decent but not to expensive! Great as a starter phone for kids.
Good!
Very pleased with my new Samsung. Very user friendly and I love the gold colour.As my tablet is Samsung, this was an easy choice.The quality of the photos is excellent. My question to others is - why do my contacts names not appear always when they call me?At last I have found a smart phone that I love.
so far so good. phone does everything I need it to do
The phone arrived on time and i'm already using it from Argentina. It works perfectly and i love it.
It's very very nice, buy it !!!!
Will only connect on one of two bands in U.S. on AT&T, so so not expect 4G LET speeds (30Mbps). Expect H+ speed, which is more like 8Mbps, and plenty for streaming music, YouTube, and email.
good
I bought it because it's a double Sim phone. The camera is fine, and the network reception is quite good Compared to my former phone.
I absolutely love this phone. It does everything that I want it to do and more. It is like carrying a mini computer with me at all times. The camera has amazing resolution; the mp3 player has great tone; I can type on my goggle docs, and then print wirelessly. I cannot believe that there is a comparable system out there for the price. At first, people directed me to Apple, but I have always used Android. After hearing about some of the glitches with Apple, and some research, my daughter found these phones. Again, I highly recommend this device. The phone arrived in good order from the store, and in great time.
Good
Tha Samsung Galaxy works really well. It's even better than what I expected.
nice phone
Love the phone & case!
Good
Excellent
Awesome phone so far...I LOVE IT.
Works great.. highly recommend
Grand Dad loves it
I love it. Big screen
GREAT PHONE AT GREAT PRICE.
Phone works great. ..arrived on time
High quality for a low price. I couldn't believe it when i received my phone this morning. I am very excited for my phone. I ordered a used but very good condition.This phone came brand new and works excellent. I still can't understand why people spend a fortune for other brands.
Good
I brought it for myself I like it thanks.
I've had this for awhile now and gotta say really love it. For someone who needs a phone that is functional, this is the ideal grab. :)
This was one of my favorite phones unfortunately it was stolen so I ordered a note because it was cheaper but I really liked this phone and the color was pretty,
Great phone
Works perfect!
I will always be a android fan and Samsung, still getting use to the phone. upcoming fishing trip ,rain gear is a must, I like the ease of putting on the suit,as far as the tote sack you might get a ball hat in it, the dalstrong knife is amazing quality only knicked myself twice, wll probably try the ceramic knives.
Phone works well
Love it
Bought these for my daughters - Not too expensive but have all the features they love. Great Buy. Works fine...
Only gave it a 4 star bc it doesn't work with Verizon though it says it works with all networks, otherwise phone is perfect , I own an iPhone 6 and I have owned a Samsung Galaxy s5..not much different from high end phones specs...at least so far...maybe time will tell
Good
thank is perfect
Nice size not too big compared to my LG. Has nice features such as ultra power saver, and a radio app. Getting use to having a home button again, but even my mom had no trouble figuring out how to use this phone. Sound quality is very good, and the free headset was nice too!
Great phone , no issues
I wish I had bought this sooner...a little bummed that I can't pick my own tone for message allerts but over all its a great phone
Works good and it's very fast,I have the gold one and it's beautiful so I don't use a case for it,I used my old phone sim card and it works fine
Excellent, I recommend it 100%
Fast shipping and looks beautiful, but the charger base is European and won't work for my American outlets.
Working great!
good little computer
Bought this phone and love it
It's a great phone!
Like it very much
I liked it very much ,, everything i expected
excelent
bought two! happy
Excellent , I love all the features included in this set.
Have been very happy with this phone.
It was a gift haven't heard any complaints yet not one I would buy for myself
I rated the phone from everyone view and I can't regret today cause its a great deal. Fast delivery and good product. It two a week before I got it seen that I live in the Caribbean.
Its great but the volume and selection of ring tones are terrible. The phone really needs louder volume to hear it ring if its not in your pocket. I miss alot of calls leaving it in the living room but still in the house
Great phone
excelente
Worked fine glad I purchased this phone love Android phones .
great for the price
Amazing phone just what i was waiting for and much more
Bought this as a gift for my GF for Xmas. Glad I did! She loves the phones features and the feel of the phone. Nice big clear display and weight. It's unlocked and ready for any carriers. Good for the price.
Good phone. Added to our AT&T account for a family member. It compares well with my Galaxy S5 for a much lower cost.
Great upgrade and saving from iPhone 4S...
An excellent phone. It is smooth as silk and works great. Very inexpensive to other high dollar phones.. Samsung does it again. The width of the phone is perfect for people like me with small hands and short fingers. Thanks to Samsung and Amazon.. LOVE IT !!!!
excelent
Bought phone for my brother and he loves it
I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my 12 year old son. We purchased a prepaid plan from Family Mobile at Walmart. It was easy to set up the account. It has good quality pictures. He is able to use it for texting and talking. You can also download all of the latest apps. This is a great phone to have. The color is also a plus.
More space and it can play the games my old phone cannot. Samsung Galaxy Exhibit upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Value edition. Yes they don't mention that it's a value edition. I still think it was worth it.
Brought one for my gf and she loves it plus it works awesome
I liked it at first but is starting to lag already and also am already out of device storage which is preventing me from updating any apps. Compared to the galaxy s3 and s4, which I had each for 2+ years and never experienced a lack of device storage.
all da f boys be like 2 phones real boys be like 2 sims F F F the Police
This is my second phone to travel overseas so far so good. I expect to use it on my next journey thanks...
Good qυalιтy pнone.
I like it
Works great just at&t dont sell cases have to buy online and sometimes frezees gb go fast
Love it!
AWESOME Phone - Works Well with AT&T - I have an iphone 6P and it broke. Apple would not replace it or give credit to buy a new iphone. I purchased this Samsung Galaxy Prime and love it. For $150 approx - this phone works very well and support 2 sim cards. Please purchase the adapter kit if you are using an iphone sim or a using this phone as an iphone backup only FOR ATT customer.Just looks like my iphone 6P.I wonder why I should spend HIGH $$$ on iphone anymore. Love this phone. Installed all my favorite apps and works AWESOME
Excellent...
The phone provides both form and functionality. It was easy to insert the SIM card and very easy to set-up once you signed into your Google account.
Good product, works well
My order arrive very fast and great conditions. ....my galaxy grand prime is beutibul big,very easy to add a new Sim card....really really satisfied I'm whit a Tracfone carrier and work perfec so far.....
I received it OK (on time, package was good, nothing broken, etc). I originally had a Galaxy S2 with AT&T. S2 uses a regular size SIM. This Grand Prime uses a micro SIM. I didn't even know the size of SIM would be a problem. To be fair, AMAZON description did clarify the size of SIM. I just did not think thoroughly. Anyhow, due to the size problem, I could not switch my phones immediately. Next day, I visited AT&T and they gave me a free micro SIM and completed the phone transfer (thanks, AT&T :). Since then, I have used my phone OK. It is not perfect. LTE is not working with this phone. However, given how much I paid for this phone, I would choose this phone over any other phone. For the price, this is an excellent phone. Overall it works really well.
Fast and reliable
This a great product,all the features of this phone is true to the product.I love it
Great phone with excellent features
good
Nice
Really good phone..
Happy Birthday to me!!! I just love my phone!!! Worth every cent and I have had it for a few weeks now! You just can't go wrong!
Love the phone! However, since it was manufactured internationally, I am unable to find a compatible SD card to increase the memory.
Works great so far....still learning a few things about the phone but I'm getting there
Very nice phone!
Great phone and easy switching from one app to another. Like the way I can close used apps
A much better phone than I was already using. The phone operates fast and apps run better.
Good product.no indication light if you miss a call or have a message you.for this price you get what you pay for.
gOOD
there wasn't any problems
Nice product. It works perfectly. But tje performance, not what i espected. Just my oponion.
This is a cute uograded phone from my samsung note 2. Slimmer and sleek too. I had to buy another one for my mum...Price was ok
Excellent product
Bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. Will buy from again.
Excelente phone for the price!!!
good phone, I took it outside of US and it worked perfectly fine with other phone service carriers.
This is the first dual sim dual standby phone that i used that really did the job compared with BLU, Lenovo and Sky that always hang or restarts. I should have just bought this in the first place rather than started with the less expensive unknown phones. The price, with this you get more than what you paid for. Better that the S3 or S4 and can compare to the S5.
good iteam
This phone is amazing .. I like the fact it takes decent pics .. and good features which I like .. Its good phone for ah cheap price yall should definitely buy this phone :)
nice product
I love this phone so much! it runs so smooth and has 4.16 GB of space when you first get it. I have a 8 GB card also for more space. but very fast in messaging and Internet. definitely a must have. don't listen to bad reviews. this is a great phone. Works wonderful with straight talk. activication kit for straight talk is 59.88 plus tax.
Wonderful gift for my son.
Excellent
Package arrived in a week, was exactly what i ordered. Works great and i love it ! Buy from Wireless Place, satisfaction 100% guaranteed.
Amazing it only stick once because i guest it was new... but its just amazing, camera is awesome... I will definitely recommend this to anyone
Worth every penny.
It is good but a little bit differend which i saw. Touch screen is not working sooo good i cant move the thinks from work window.
Write your review herelove love love this phone
Good phone and fast shipping
Very good price/quality ratio
Hi love
Awesome phone
Love it!
I really enjoy this phone it is much easier to use than the one I use to have. I use to have the HTC and this one has more memory. It is also easier to move things to my SD card. I have Metro PCS and I only had to buy the sim card. I would recommend this phone to people. It is very nice and easy to use.
A great phone for the money.
Still have this phone works great and affordable great job Samsung as usual
GREAT PHONE! it made a perfect gift
Best phone around town. I bought two and unfortunately one of the back camera was not working. I returned it and ask someone to purchase another for me. Cant wait to have it this Sunday. Best photos ever
very good
very good phone.
Got this phone for my mom as a gift and she loves it
Great phone easy to set up
Awesome!!!Thanks.
I had to pull the trigger on getting a new phone, this one has met all of my hopes and expectations!!
I love this phone; an excellent buy, and was exactly what I expected and needed!
Very great. I recommend it to anyone.
love it
So far I really like this phone. I'm not tech savvy so I don't know smart phones well. However, so far this phone has been really easy to use, which I appreciate!
This phone is working very good.
I love this phone, purchases 2 for my husband and myself. My husband also loves his phone. Perfect size, good battery life.
What my wife wanted, and it's a nice phone.
Very good!
Great Phone.
Still learning to use it but so far its been great. The only thing in the package I could not use was the headset it appears that one ear plug had about a 20 inch wire to reach my ear but the other one was only about 5 inches long so could not use both at same time.
While very please with the 2 Samsung Grand Prime Duos phones, I have yet to get the SD card to be recognized by either phone. SD cards specific to these phones have been tried, as well as other SD cards I had.My question to you is 1) Have there been other purchasers having the problem,2) Is there a SD card make and size that it needs 3) What is the likely hood that the SD slot is bad on both phones. 4)If nothing can be corrected what do I have to do to get replacements?Thank YouSincerelyThomas G
The phone overall is great but it didn't come with a American charger and the earphones one of the earbuds is longer than the other.
I love this phone.
It's working just as I expected.
The camera is great as well as the other features
i bouth this phone for my mother in law, everything seems ok until today. I really hope still fine. good seller.
great smartphone phone i like
Phone came as expected...love everything about it and its nice slim design
excellent product !!!!!
Works great!
This phone is all good. It hasn't given me a single problem since I bought it. Easy to use, excellent resolution, and very durable.I'll say that again, VERY durable. Dropped it by accident a couple times and there wasn't a scratch on it (thank goodness). All in all, I give my thumbs up for this Samsung Galaxy.
Bought 2 of these for friends oversees, they loved it.Provides great internet connection.
I had this phone for 6 months I had the Samsung Galaxy 4 note but they are virtually the same thing without the note I've dropped it a few times and it didn't break so it's definitely durable
Fine.
IT WAS VERY NICE
love the phone
I like this phone a lot. I used to have a cheaper BLU phone but this phone is so much faster and stylish. I develop apps as a hobby and it runs them without any trouble of installing any more drivers.
Good
pretty solid phone. i almost didn't notice that the SD card slides ride above the first SIM card slot. pretty cool. after a year of having a Windows phone, i jumped at the chance to get a Samsung phone with Android. couldn't be happier.
It's awesome cellphone
Good phone works great on t-mobile network. Can't register for warranty as this is an international item that is not sold by Samsung in US
I started off with the #1 Android Unlocked Cell Phone @ $59.99 and what a HUGE disappointment. It was the BLUBLU Advance 5.0 - Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - US GSM - Black I should have just gone with my gut instincts and bought the Samsung (well known for quality and not having quirky issues!) I also bought the 64GBSD card to store apps on. The BLU had a very very frustrating bug where it wouldn't download apps from the Play Store, until you switched the apps in the settings, and even then, it would only "trick" the BLU into taking an app every now and then! I much prefer having a phone that will load apps the way it's supposed to, without glitches.This phone is slick, solid and fast. The only place I've found that carries the spare batteries (I always like to have a spare charged battery on hand for emergencies!) is eBay. The battery number is: EB-BG530CBE.The ability to have 2 SIM cards working at same time is also something the BLU couldn't do, you had to choose one or the other!My advice is invest that $59.99 into a little more expensive phone, better operating phone!
Quality phone and order handled very professionally! Thank you.
Love this phone, & it was easy to set up.
Attractive, easy to use phone...love it
Great!
This phone is amazing great size...and everything came with it like the battery earbuds and charger with a foreign wall adapter...this phone is awesome and I have had a lot of phones in my day lol...would highly recommend you get one
meets my requirements as a young person
Worth every penny - but this phone is made for Turkey/Afganistan not that that makes much difference. I'm more than pleased.
It does the job as described. Might not be the newest model but I use it just fine.
I love everything about it!
Got the phone almost 3months ago an it stop working every thing just froze and I bought it to different places to fix I an they all say it can't be fix......really I put five stars so that it can be seen.....
I love it
EXCELENT
Great phone for the price
Love at first sight, eventhough mine was "uplifted" it was supurb. Too smooth, ohh i miss it… #GALAXYBLUES
Not the same quality as Galaxy S5
d
Good.
These aren't flagship phones by any means but they are perfect for my 16 and 12 year old children. They are priced so I don't have to make monthly payments on them and they have the reliability and the styling I like from Samsung without the cost (or flashy features) of an s series or note series phone. My kids are pleased with them. My son does complain that he runs out of storage easily but he is a budding tech genius and tries to do all kinds of things vs with his phone that normal people dont. Overall we are pleased with them. My daughter has it in gold and my son in the gray. Both come with European plugs and an adapter for US sockets but it doesn't really matter if you're like our family and have a zillion of the sub wall units around that house, you can just plug the sub cable into any of those or purchase one of you dont like having to use the adapter. Also comes with headphones
great phone great price!
Good product.
Yep!
Excellent!!!!!
It's best features for me are that it will work on European networks and it has slots for 2 SIM cards that you can switch between. Comes with a variety of built in apps.
Great phone. Good relation price -equipment. Excellent camera.
Nice I love it.
Phone was in excellent condition. Worked perfectly.
Its keeps dropping my calls but its ok otherwise. I'm not not sorry i purchased this Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime
Work's beautifulLove it nice photos
perfect phone for the price
This phone is amazing I love it my first real good expensive phone
Very pleased with this phone. Found out I could have purchased elsewhere at a lower price (*at the Cricket wireless store for $100), but I always have great success with Amazon and would rather just stick with proven results.Many functions, substantial speed, excellent camera, and my service under Cricket wireless is exceptional. All around great phone...I've had tremendous experiences with Samsung...and I'm still not sure why some people would spend $600-$800 for a phone when this one has everything a person should need.
good
Easy to use and set up. Love the phone.
Very good quality product
Love it
Got my package yesterday. I love it. Looks like new and works wonderful!
Very big and great picture quality but still easily portable.
best phone I've had! Definitely would buy this again! Great phone at a great price, does everything I need!
Calme perfect!
Im very happy with this grand prime. It's meeting the expectations I anticipated from it. I just wish I had gotten one with more internal memory but with the memory it does have it performs well. Shipping and delivery went smooth as butt skin.
Great phone for the price. Only markdown is the lack of a notification light.
It's a great phone and I am enjoying it not too expensive will recommend
No doubt one of the best mid-range smartphone out there, its fast, it has a great picture and video quality, overall this phone is great, definitely money well spent. Highly recommend it to anyoneone on a budget looking for a great phone.
OMG, you don't want to miss this one. I got this phone because my iphone 6 went bad, I wanted using it for a while but This phone is perfect, the camera is amazing, every thing is working perfectly, have never enjoyed any phone like this before. But the storage space is very small, I had to buy external sd. But the phone is good to go.
Bought to use with Tmobile and works perfectly fine. Was a bday gift for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it.
Very good phone for the price.
Great phone got it real quick
Good.
Got this phone for my 12year old daughter and and she Absolutely love it, as some great apps also.
love the phone. my sim works and its from mexico telcel
Did meet my expectation and i look the size.
When I took it to the cel store tp buy a plan the guy was surpriced due to the dual sim and that was unlocked from factory
good
Fast shipping, came in sealed box new from factory! First smart phone and so far I like it!
Excellent product great pixelation on both cameras and user friendly.
cool;
Good so far
Love it!
More than I expected :) very happy
PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!!
I got my phone a few days ago to be honest I've completely fallen in love with it, easy to use I got it working in just seconds of arriving, size is prefect, looks beautiful and feels amazing, I love it.
Nice phone
So far I like this phone, still learning. Don't much like the swipe but getting use to.
good product
very good phone for the price!
Everithing was perfect, the thing is, I need to reset the phone because of some setting I did wrong by error. But, I need a pin number to do that, how can I get that pin???
This product is AWESOME!!! No issues
Works with H2O wireless. I was worried but it turned out Awesomeeeeeee :). For the price it's hard to beat being unlocked and all. I am happy with feel that it has. Smooth and easy to use. Recommend it for sure. :)
all in excellent condition
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. In the past she had an iphone and this was her first Android device. She had no trouble adapting to this phone and favored the size and shape of her phone over my galaxy s5. It is a great phone for the price. If you are wanting a new smart phone--and not wanting to pay top dollar--I would highly recommend this product!
Excelent
Great phone. I had a little trouble getting it connected to my mobile carrier (Metro PCs) because I didn't realize it was a duo sim card but I have been loving the phone. It's fairly large but it holds battery very well and the Android operating system is fantastic. A good choice if you want a smart phone but can't afford the latest Samsung model.
As expected
I love this phone, so glad I ordered. It's so pretty and despite what some people were saying about it, it's actually pretty nice. Definitely worth what I payed, The display and color are very crisp and clear, It is actually decently fast and runs pretty smooth, and so far everything seems great. If you want a nice phone but don't want to spend a fortune, I'd say something like this is a pretty good deal. Lol , it is from Vietnam though, so when you first power it on everything is in Vietnamese! But once you get it into your correct language it isn't hard to figure out. mine was ready to update from kitkat to lollipop about 20 mins after i set everything up. Great phone!
Great phone for the price. Love it and it does everything I need. Cameras are great!! Give stars
Setting up and everything was easy and it works really well. The two Sim slots are really convenient!
It's been a year and I still love my phone!
Very good phone at an excellent price.
Good Phone. I HAVE HAD IT FOR 11 MONTHS AND I HAVE ENCOUNTERED ABSULOUTELY NO ISSUES WITH IT.
Great phone for the price
good
I love my phone. Would buy it again. I just gave it 4 stars bc the back cover is realy cheap material and it scratched in no time, but I considr this a good phone.
No complaints. ..like a mini laptop...it does almost everything
I have it for sometime now and it is still working great. One of the best cellulars I had.
I have always enjoyed using android products. I am not an IT Tech person, I just need a device that can provide my basic needs and various other features. So I am very pleased it's a dual sim, and will continue using Samsung Products.
GREAT PHONE FOR VALUE! Dual SIM capabilities essential for frequent travelers. The images from front and rear cameras are vivid and clear with options for dynamic HD colors, GIFs and night images. Large Screen is great for gaming, watching movies and video chat. Would recommend to tech-savy heavy phone users on a budget.
Great price.. great performance. I question the age of the battery.It was more phone than I needed or understood...did I mention you can use it in other countries by dropping in an additional chipAnd it doesn't catch on fire in your pocket or purse
I love this phone
Daughter can't stay off it.
We purchased this phone to use on Tracfone ("bring your own phone") to replace our existing "flip phone". It was easy to set up and there have been no issues to date. We like the large size and have not been disappointed in its capabilities. Be sure to look for Amazon's SIM card offering if you do decide to purchase this as it costs 1/4 of the amount Tracfone is asking and it comes in the same package saving both time and money.
Very good phone, would recommend as a starter smart phone.
Works as intended and the price is right. The size is good to have big letters and watch without glasses.
The phone had been turned on before but otherwise a cool phone, gets the job done bought it for my wife and she loves it.
This smartphone I really like it. The features are awesome.Most of all the price was reasonable.
Still learning, but so far quite satisfied.
I love this phone. The price was right for my budget. I like the duo SIM card for when I travel outside of the country. This phone I'd like a mini laptop. I also like the quick access features where I access my favorite sites. Pictures and video are HD quality.
The phones were okay
The phone works good but was a day late getting to me and the only other thing is the power cord does not fit very well it works but is really loose and may fall out in the future.
I like this phone as well as I liked my IPhone.
EXCELLENT
Great phone at a great price.Do you really need an $800 phone?
Like
I love the Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS G531H/DS 8GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone very much. It works very well at Canada. It easily transfers all of software and files from my Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 and both can be used alternatively.However, I notice the Prime opening time is longer than the Tab S2. As the result of test, the Prime takes 36” while the Tab S2 takes 24” to complete the opening. I do not know if the process time is right or not.
No issues, good price
good product and sevice
Worked great! I took it for a trip to India. Purchased a local sim with data and voice. I was not out of pocket my entire trip! At the end of the trip, I gave it to a friend who lives in India. His 2 year through his smartphone off the bed and that was the end of that phone. To thank him for all his hospitality, I gave him the phone. He was very happy! The phone is attractive and works great! And, at this price, I can purchase another when I take another trip!
I like the phone a lot. Its easy to use works pretty well and does everything that it should the only problem i have is that its only 8GB so buy a micro SD card along with it if you plan to download music of apps
Seems to work great. Just wish it had a slot for a microSD card.
excellent
Nice. Works with both available cellular networks. Nice features. Earphone design is poor in my opinion though. If an earphone is going to go into the ear, it might as well go in and not sit just on the inside. I prefer earphones/earbuds with the soft rubber to that fits into the ear. Those provided in this box are even slightly larger than normal making them difficult to use if you ear holes are small.
Great!
Love this phone.
I'm 26 years old and have always despised cell phones... My wife basically made me buy smart phones. I am tech savy, so I did my research. Honestly I love this phone. It's processor is really fast... sometimes I have 9-10 apps open and it still runs smooth. The "biggest" game I've run on it is Vice City and it runs solid! Love this phone! The only issue I foresee in the future is the mirrored plastic rubbing off from me using it so much! Also it's been a pain trying to find a guide to root the phone, but i hope to figure it out soon. I have PSOne emulator running and it runs all the games smooth as butter. HIGHLY recommend this phone! And I can use it internationally? Five stars!
Works well, gets hot quickly though and would've been nice to have the charging sensor light.
Great so far. I will alwaya trust Amazon for all my online purchases
good product fast shipping
Really nice and my wife likes it. Like that since it is unlocked I didn't have all the junk you normally get on a phone.
great phone to work with
awesome!
Like. It is very pretty especially the gold color
Good
good phone, tough to understand
I have had this new Galaxy Grand Prime for about less than a month. It meets all my needs but NOW I have noticed some issues with it not recognizing prompts. I have had to shut it down & reboot it a number of times to get it to work again. Has any one else experienced this malfunction ? or am I just the lucky one.Bill
Stupid that it wasn't from the USA because if anything happens damage wise the 1 year limited warranty isn't effective
Excelente!!!
Very satisfied
Great phone and fast. Good wifi reception and clarity of speech used magic jack to call friends. Located micro SD slot on top of sim 1 expandable to 64Gig. I am running 16Gig. All apps from Galaxy s2 ported over rather quickly via google account. Verizon and Sprint do not work with this phone they are CMDA FYI. Sim 1 2G, Sim 2 3G. ATT and Tmobile are supposed to work but Tmobile reviews say that only voice and text. Have not tried it out. I use Straight talk and will use ATT. The only con is it does not have 4G for secure banking via phone. My area does not have much 4G anyway. The phone that I received says north america which includes mexico, canada, central america and has to be activated for 5 minutes on a north american carrier before it can be used overseas. I have used other phones in Eastern Europe with no problems. They run on 2G. Leave sim 1 open if you travel to Europe. There will not be a problem with this one.
One of the most amazing Galaxy phones out there. It's sleek and affordable.
Bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loved it! So much so that it was stolen shortly after and she got another one just like it lol
Excellent product and purchase experience
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. Does everything she needs and more
Thank you so much. Nice phone. Good buy
Perfect if you need dual sim cards for at home or travelling.
Very happy with this smart phone.
Great phone at a great price!
Great cell phone, I have had mine two years with no issue that I brought my daughter one, she loves it, it is big enough that she play games on it, never had an issue with mine. I love all the features this phone has, not only is it big enough to see, which some cell phones these days are not, I can't even read an iPhone these days due to it being so small, so it was nice to see one so big, the memory size is quite large enough to add many apps on it and I have never had an issue with mine for 2 years so I would recommend this phone for others.I am under no obligation to provide a positive review for this product, nor am I receiving any type of compensation, incentive, or reward for doing so. A positive review is only given for positive product attributes and effects or performance of the product, not to just boost the seller. My main objective is to simply inform a potential customer of any positive or negative attributes about the product and its effectiveness or performance, just as I would like to know for myself. My review is solely based on my own personal experience with this product and I hope that this review helps with your decision to purchase this product. If you find that this review was at all helpful, I simply ask that you please indicate so by voting the YES button below because I try to write a thorough and thoughtful review for each product in which I evaluate, and I would like to Thank You in advance.
great phone, very close to my other note 4!!
I LOVE THE PHONE IT DOES WHAT I NEEDED FOR. THE BATTERY LAST LONGER.
Meets expectations.
Great phone, it works very well and reliable! I had it over a month and no problems.
Very happy with the phone!
great phone....brand new. Works perfectly (overseas) and has dual sim. So good that i bought one for my wife today!!!!
Great phone. Affordable and great picture very sharp..not too big the phone just right size.
I also bought this as a gift. she loved it
I just got my phone today and I am super impressed with all the features it has to offer. It even has 2 SIM card holders. The phone was in excellent condition and it came with the battery, charger, and even headphones! The gold color is really nice, the screen is marvelous, and the product is overall fantastic. I would buy this phone again! I absolutely love it. :)
nice phone! great service by SurgeTelecom.
Very good phone.
Except for lack of 4G accesibility this is a good phone.
I wanted something that would run off the CDMA network. Otherwise it's good, but not for me..
Bought two phones - one for youngest daughter and one for myself...these are the best Samsung phones ever. Great bargain on Amazon too! Love the features and the ease of apps...been searching for a new phone for the longest and I finally found it!
Very nice, good pictures
gREAT PRICE
Yes my wife loves it so far it has worked great.
I love the fact that it's unlocked. Took my number and account from StraightTalk to this phone with no problems whatsoever. This is the first flat phone I've had. My kids were glad to see my flip phone go. The transition has been smooth, since I've been using Android on my Nook tablet. The only thing I hate about this phone is how much I love this phone.
Delivery was fast. Works great on both networks in Trinidad & Tobago (Digicel and Bmobile). Accessories not that difficult to find locally but purchasing case and screen protector with the phone can save you time and energy. Works great for my needs! I'm glad I made this purchase
Work beautiful I buy it for my boyfriend and he loved it
I'm happy with my phone
Nice phone
Love it!
THIS phone is SERIOUSLY UNDERRATED, it's just too awesome to be called a budget phone...
Love the phone but had issues with the charging it , but all in all great phone
Phone is all it is advertised. Everything works great, product is in perfect condition. Very Happy. Well worth the price.
Good!
Loved my new phone. I read books with it, watch movies...everything + it looks beautiful! recommend it to everyone.
Just received this phone yesterday and I'm already in love with it...the downfall is no WiFi calling and my employment would be in a dead zone but for once I was actually getting enough signal for my texts so really don't care about the WiFi calling feature though it might be somewhere in the settings my slow self jus cant find it and the manual that came with the phone was well 3 pages lmao other than that the pictures come out hella nice n overall awesome phone at a really nice price!!!!!!
I'm no expert, so maybe my five stars is a bit over the top, but I have had a lot of phones and this one is by far the best.It has a bright display for daylight use if you crank it up, good battery life if you're smart about it (don't have blue tooth/wi fi on if you're not using them etc), and most important for me it has easy to use, logical software. If I wanted to go to college to be able to use my computer, I'd buy an Apple ( I have one and it was a mistake), so I was happy that this phone was easy to figure out on the fly.One thing about this particular model is that you can't find a cover for it in the States, at least easily (I tried), so order one or two from Amazon when you get the phone.
great phone one of the best i bought in years
Excelente
My son loves this phone!
Brother is enjoying his new phone.
I love this phone
I love this Samsung, especially for its picture quality. I was at time square during new year period and took several picture with my family,this Samsung beats my brother's iPhone in term of picture quality. Works great with my simple mobile SIM.
Screen went black 2 months after it arrived. Loved phone. Afraid to order another. Repair will cost is about cost of new phone.
Nice and beautiful
The recipient loves her phone
best purchase, my sisters love it
Great phone with the exception of the speaker. Rather poor. Others have commented on this.
Love it!! Just receive it, and is charging just perfect. I will try it and see how it goes.
great phone...
I was a little nervous to purchase this unlocked cell phone due to some of the reviews I read, but all of my worries disappeared once it arrived to my home. It got here on time and in great condition. The phone it's self is a budget phone, but it works beautifully with my Net10Wireless plan and looks exactly as is shown in the photos. It's surprising fast and more up to date than I expected. I'm able to get certain apps on this phone that I wasn't able to get before with my Samsung Galaxy S3. Such as Pokemon Go, Vine, and I am now able to get and use all of the Snapchat filters available. Great fun!However, some things that did bother me: The front facing camera for selfies works great but the outward facing camera on the back of the cell phone is a bit lower quality and is noticeably so. The charger cord is too short for my liking, and the set of headphones it came with are completely useless.Otherwise, this phone works great and I have had no problems with it so far. I'm evening considering buying two more for family members this Christmas. I would highly recommend!
Everything good except for the headphones
Love my phone
Purchased this to replace an Iphone 5S which was dropped in water. It arrived quickly and in good condition. I started with an android phone but moved to IOS when upgrading. Both have their perks but coming back to this phone reminded me how much I missed the simplicity of Android. This seems to have much less bloatware than other galaxy phones I've seen and for a $150 phone, it starts up and opens apps pretty quickly. Phone calls are average for hearing the other party(I'm not sure how I sound to others). The sound put through the on board speaker and headphone jack are weak (Lacks lower end on the headphone output). Overall this phone does exactly what I need, makes texts, makes calls, GPS on Google Maps, checking Email, and gives me internet access.I did have a problem initally with AT&T service. I could make calls and text, but couldn't use data. I used this site:[...]to set up a new access point for data and everything has worked since.TLDR:Pros:QuickGood Battery LifeSimplicity isn't always badNot much bloatwareRemovable BatterySD Card SlotDual SimCons:Weak Headphone Jack OutputAverage Call QualityAverage Camera
great
Excellent thanks
my sisters loves it.
Really nice phone. Better than expected. Came in great condition
Good
good
Notification tones are turned to their highest, however volume is still low
I bought 2 of them, and I can say its an amazing
Love for my daughter didnt have to have a plan
I have heard reviews of the screen not looking very clear or HD, but I just saw it in person and it looks fantastic. I was a little skeptical about this item at first because many of the reviews have weird English, but take it from me that this is truly an excellent phone for the price. I'm blown away. Gave it to my mother for a gift.
Just love that phone.....best and cheap ever
Did not see it wasn"t 4G
I purchased this phone because I could not afford the HTC I really wanted. I've had HTC phones for a long long time and being that this was my first Samsung phone I really preferred my HTC. There was no real concerning issues with it, other than I just didn't like the system. However the battery life on this phone is AMAAAZZIIIINNGGGGGG!!!! I would listen to Spotify all day at work, log in for long periods of time on my social media accounts and would still have a high battery life by the end of the night.You will of course have to get a memory card for it as it has very limited space, but for the price you're paying, it's issue. I also really like the camera on this phone! Overall great for the price!
The phone is unlocked and can be used with any service provider. It is beautiful and affordable.
I cracked the screen on my other duos, took it to the shop to find out it was outdated. I bought this one a week ago. The sim card slot was much smaller, so I had to cut my sim card down to fit (there is a DIY video on youtube, very easy). once I did, I had to fiddle around with it a bit. That night I sat down to configure it, and it was basic, though the instructions are NOT written in English. If you have prior knowledge and a little time on your hands, it's not a big deal. You do need to order a case for it to protect it. Like my former DUOS, it had a plastic backing. The screen size is contemporary, but not huge. The volume is not loud, but with a free app for boosting volume, it's an easy fix. This phone only takes AT&T compatible sim cards, if you want one for another company, you'll have to google the code that provider uses for sim cards. Overall, I really like it, its not slow, I use a straight talk ATT&T sim card in mine and I have great service. This is a great alternative for anyone who does not want to spend a ton of money, but still wants to enjoy the luxuries many high end phones have. My fiance is strictly an Iphone user, and was a bit jealous that my phone (and bill) was a fraction of what he pays, and more attractive than his.
great phone one of the best i bought in years
Excelente
My son loves this phone!
excellent phone ! Sold by: BlutekUSA , best price . this phone works perfectly, it just doesn't have those fancy features like finger prints unlock, or measuring heart rate like my S6 but for its basic requirements for a smartphone , its one of the best with the lowest price .
Brother is enjoying his new phone.
I love this phone
I love this Samsung, especially for its picture quality. I was at time square during new year period and took several picture with my family,this Samsung beats my brother's iPhone in term of picture quality. Works great with my simple mobile SIM.
Very good phone for the price. .I will be buying another
Good product , as expected
excelemts phone
Nice having the option to switch sim cards.
Nice cellphone
I had bought this to replace my father's old phone which I think was the phone that started the line of Samsung Galaxies. Since it's much more modern than the one he had there are different things about it, which just make it more awesome. It was simple to start up. The only thing that confused me is that is has two slot where you can put in a Sim card, and I had mistaken it for just one for the Sim card and the other microSD card. The microSD card is actually on a slot right on top of on the Sim card slots. My father has totally adjusted to his phone, although still learning about some of the new functions. I am almost tempted to get one myself. We have AT&T and we did not want to add to our bill a phone that back then we could of gotten for free. But with this phone, once purchased, is yours until whenever.
impressed good performance
It's a really nice phone to have and it's affordable
More space and it can play the games my old phone cannot. Samsung Galaxy Exhibit upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Value edition. Yes they don't mention that it's a value edition. I still think it was worth it.
Brought one for my gf and she loves it plus it works awesome
I liked it at first but is starting to lag already and also am already out of device storage which is preventing me from updating any apps. Compared to the galaxy s3 and s4, which I had each for 2+ years and never experienced a lack of device storage.
all da f boys be like 2 phones real boys be like 2 sims F F F the Police
This is my second phone to travel overseas so far so good. I expect to use it on my next journey thanks...
Good qυalιтy pнone.
I like it
Excellent product
Worth the money
This phone is awesome! The camera has better definition in natural light vs. low or artificial lighting, but sstill pretty awesome!!
Tried same-day delivery, worked like a charm. The phone works as expected, it's certainly not the fastest Galaxy device but serves very well it's purpose as a non-premium performance phone. I recommend it.
So far so good!
I really love this phone, I just left my iPhone 4s behind for this one and so far im absolute loving this phone, the screen is nice and big. The screen itself us very nice and bright. The camera are GREAT! I HAVE FAMILYMOBLIE BY T-Mobile, just inserted my SIM card and I was working!I have all of my favorite apps installed! I did purchase a 32 gig sd card for this phone too! I'm happy with my decision! 😆😀
Awesome phone for the price.
Good phone if you are looking for something decent but not to expensive! Great as a starter phone for kids.
Good
I brought it for myself I like it thanks.
I've had this for awhile now and gotta say really love it. For someone who needs a phone that is functional, this is the ideal grab. :)
This was one of my favorite phones unfortunately it was stolen so I ordered a note because it was cheaper but I really liked this phone and the color was pretty,
Great phone
Works perfect!
More than I expected :) very happy
PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!!
I got my phone a few days ago to be honest I've completely fallen in love with it, easy to use I got it working in just seconds of arriving, size is prefect, looks beautiful and feels amazing, I love it.
Nice phone
So far I like this phone, still learning. Don't much like the swipe but getting use to.
good product
very good phone for the price!
Everithing was perfect, the thing is, I need to reset the phone because of some setting I did wrong by error. But, I need a pin number to do that, how can I get that pin???
Bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loved it! So much so that it was stolen shortly after and she got another one just like it lol
Excellent product and purchase experience
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. Does everything she needs and more
Thank you so much. Nice phone. Good buy
Perfect if you need dual sim cards for at home or travelling.
Very happy with this smart phone.
Great phone at a great price!
Great cell phone, I have had mine two years with no issue that I brought my daughter one, she loves it, it is big enough that she play games on it, never had an issue with mine. I love all the features this phone has, not only is it big enough to see, which some cell phones these days are not, I can't even read an iPhone these days due to it being so small, so it was nice to see one so big, the memory size is quite large enough to add many apps on it and I have never had an issue with mine for 2 years so I would recommend this phone for others.I am under no obligation to provide a positive review for this product, nor am I receiving any type of compensation, incentive, or reward for doing so. A positive review is only given for positive product attributes and effects or performance of the product, not to just boost the seller. My main objective is to simply inform a potential customer of any positive or negative attributes about the product and its effectiveness or performance, just as I would like to know for myself. My review is solely based on my own personal experience with this product and I hope that this review helps with your decision to purchase this product. If you find that this review was at all helpful, I simply ask that you please indicate so by voting the YES button below because I try to write a thorough and thoughtful review for each product in which I evaluate, and I would like to Thank You in advance.
great phone, very close to my other note 4!!
I LOVE THE PHONE IT DOES WHAT I NEEDED FOR. THE BATTERY LAST LONGER.
I love the fact that it's unlocked. Took my number and account from StraightTalk to this phone with no problems whatsoever. This is the first flat phone I've had. My kids were glad to see my flip phone go. The transition has been smooth, since I've been using Android on my Nook tablet. The only thing I hate about this phone is how much I love this phone.
Delivery was fast. Works great on both networks in Trinidad & Tobago (Digicel and Bmobile). Accessories not that difficult to find locally but purchasing case and screen protector with the phone can save you time and energy. Works great for my needs! I'm glad I made this purchase
Work beautiful I buy it for my boyfriend and he loved it
I'm happy with my phone
Nice phone
good phone, tough to understand
I have had this new Galaxy Grand Prime for about less than a month. It meets all my needs but NOW I have noticed some issues with it not recognizing prompts. I have had to shut it down & reboot it a number of times to get it to work again. Has any one else experienced this malfunction ? or am I just the lucky one.Bill
Stupid that it wasn't from the USA because if anything happens damage wise the 1 year limited warranty isn't effective
Excelente!!!
Very satisfied
Great phone and fast. Good wifi reception and clarity of speech used magic jack to call friends. Located micro SD slot on top of sim 1 expandable to 64Gig. I am running 16Gig. All apps from Galaxy s2 ported over rather quickly via google account. Verizon and Sprint do not work with this phone they are CMDA FYI. Sim 1 2G, Sim 2 3G. ATT and Tmobile are supposed to work but Tmobile reviews say that only voice and text. Have not tried it out. I use Straight talk and will use ATT. The only con is it does not have 4G for secure banking via phone. My area does not have much 4G anyway. The phone that I received says north america which includes mexico, canada, central america and has to be activated for 5 minutes on a north american carrier before it can be used overseas. I have used other phones in Eastern Europe with no problems. They run on 2G. Leave sim 1 open if you travel to Europe. There will not be a problem with this one.
One of the most amazing Galaxy phones out there. It's sleek and affordable.
I absolutely love this phone. It does everything that I want it to do and more. It is like carrying a mini computer with me at all times. The camera has amazing resolution; the mp3 player has great tone; I can type on my goggle docs, and then print wirelessly. I cannot believe that there is a comparable system out there for the price. At first, people directed me to Apple, but I have always used Android. After hearing about some of the glitches with Apple, and some research, my daughter found these phones. Again, I highly recommend this device. The phone arrived in good order from the store, and in great time.
Good
Tha Samsung Galaxy works really well. It's even better than what I expected.
nice phone
Love the phone & case!
Good
Excellent
We purchased this phone to use on Tracfone ("bring your own phone") to replace our existing "flip phone". It was easy to set up and there have been no issues to date. We like the large size and have not been disappointed in its capabilities. Be sure to look for Amazon's SIM card offering if you do decide to purchase this as it costs 1/4 of the amount Tracfone is asking and it comes in the same package saving both time and money.
Very good phone, would recommend as a starter smart phone.
Works as intended and the price is right. The size is good to have big letters and watch without glasses.
The phone had been turned on before but otherwise a cool phone, gets the job done bought it for my wife and she loves it.
This smartphone I really like it. The features are awesome.Most of all the price was reasonable.
Still learning, but so far quite satisfied.
I love this phone. The price was right for my budget. I like the duo SIM card for when I travel outside of the country. This phone I'd like a mini laptop. I also like the quick access features where I access my favorite sites. Pictures and video are HD quality.
Awesome phone
Love it!
I really enjoy this phone it is much easier to use than the one I use to have. I use to have the HTC and this one has more memory. It is also easier to move things to my SD card. I have Metro PCS and I only had to buy the sim card. I would recommend this phone to people. It is very nice and easy to use.
A great phone for the money.
Still have this phone works great and affordable great job Samsung as usual
GREAT PHONE! it made a perfect gift
Excellent
Package arrived in a week, was exactly what i ordered. Works great and i love it ! Buy from Wireless Place, satisfaction 100% guaranteed.
Amazing it only stick once because i guest it was new... but its just amazing, camera is awesome... I will definitely recommend this to anyone
Worth every penny.
It is good but a little bit differend which i saw. Touch screen is not working sooo good i cant move the thinks from work window.
Write your review herelove love love this phone
Good phone and fast shipping
Very good price/quality ratio
Hi love
The camera is great as well as the other features
i bouth this phone for my mother in law, everything seems ok until today. I really hope still fine. good seller.
great smartphone phone i like
Phone came as expected...love everything about it and its nice slim design
excellent product !!!!!
Works great!
This phone is all good. It hasn't given me a single problem since I bought it. Easy to use, excellent resolution, and very durable.I'll say that again, VERY durable. Dropped it by accident a couple times and there wasn't a scratch on it (thank goodness). All in all, I give my thumbs up for this Samsung Galaxy.
Setting up and everything was easy and it works really well. The two Sim slots are really convenient!
It's been a year and I still love my phone!
Very good phone at an excellent price.
Good Phone. I HAVE HAD IT FOR 11 MONTHS AND I HAVE ENCOUNTERED ABSULOUTELY NO ISSUES WITH IT.
Great phone for the price
good
I love my phone. Would buy it again. I just gave it 4 stars bc the back cover is realy cheap material and it scratched in no time, but I considr this a good phone.
bought two! happy
Excellent , I love all the features included in this set.
Have been very happy with this phone.
It was a gift haven't heard any complaints yet not one I would buy for myself
I rated the phone from everyone view and I can't regret today cause its a great deal. Fast delivery and good product. It two a week before I got it seen that I live in the Caribbean.
Its great but the volume and selection of ring tones are terrible. The phone really needs louder volume to hear it ring if its not in your pocket. I miss alot of calls leaving it in the living room but still in the house
Great phone
excelente
Worked fine glad I purchased this phone love Android phones .
No doubt one of the best mid-range smartphone out there, its fast, it has a great picture and video quality, overall this phone is great, definitely money well spent. Highly recommend it to anyoneone on a budget looking for a great phone.
OMG, you don't want to miss this one. I got this phone because my iphone 6 went bad, I wanted using it for a while but This phone is perfect, the camera is amazing, every thing is working perfectly, have never enjoyed any phone like this before. But the storage space is very small, I had to buy external sd. But the phone is good to go.
Bought to use with Tmobile and works perfectly fine. Was a bday gift for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it.
Very good phone for the price.
Great phone got it real quick
Good.
Got this phone for my 12year old daughter and and she Absolutely love it, as some great apps also.
love the phone. my sim works and its from mexico telcel
I like the phone a lot. Its easy to use works pretty well and does everything that it should the only problem i have is that its only 8GB so buy a micro SD card along with it if you plan to download music of apps
Seems to work great. Just wish it had a slot for a microSD card.
excellent
Nice. Works with both available cellular networks. Nice features. Earphone design is poor in my opinion though. If an earphone is going to go into the ear, it might as well go in and not sit just on the inside. I prefer earphones/earbuds with the soft rubber to that fits into the ear. Those provided in this box are even slightly larger than normal making them difficult to use if you ear holes are small.
Great!
Love this phone.
I'm 26 years old and have always despised cell phones... My wife basically made me buy smart phones. I am tech savy, so I did my research. Honestly I love this phone. It's processor is really fast... sometimes I have 9-10 apps open and it still runs smooth. The "biggest" game I've run on it is Vice City and it runs solid! Love this phone! The only issue I foresee in the future is the mirrored plastic rubbing off from me using it so much! Also it's been a pain trying to find a guide to root the phone, but i hope to figure it out soon. I have PSOne emulator running and it runs all the games smooth as butter. HIGHLY recommend this phone! And I can use it internationally? Five stars!
Works well, gets hot quickly though and would've been nice to have the charging sensor light.
I will always be a android fan and Samsung, still getting use to the phone. upcoming fishing trip ,rain gear is a must, I like the ease of putting on the suit,as far as the tote sack you might get a ball hat in it, the dalstrong knife is amazing quality only knicked myself twice, wll probably try the ceramic knives.
Phone works well
Love it
Bought these for my daughters - Not too expensive but have all the features they love. Great Buy. Works fine...
Only gave it a 4 star bc it doesn't work with Verizon though it says it works with all networks, otherwise phone is perfect , I own an iPhone 6 and I have owned a Samsung Galaxy s5..not much different from high end phones specs...at least so far...maybe time will tell
Good
thank is perfect
Awesome phoneReal value for money 👍
Great phone
Great phone! Slick design with a good camera. My Dad's vodafone sim card works perfectly.
Great deal. My wife loves it !!
:)
excelent!! all as shown in the description .
Awesome loving it...just got it..great condition, upgraded 5.1.1 os just to my expectations...so far.
The phones works great on my MetroPcs/Tmobile carrier! The shipping was fast. Thank you!
Very nice
Bought 2 of these for friends oversees, they loved it.Provides great internet connection.
I had this phone for 6 months I had the Samsung Galaxy 4 note but they are virtually the same thing without the note I've dropped it a few times and it didn't break so it's definitely durable
Fine.
IT WAS VERY NICE
love the phone
I like this phone a lot. I used to have a cheaper BLU phone but this phone is so much faster and stylish. I develop apps as a hobby and it runs them without any trouble of installing any more drivers.
Good
Best phone around town. I bought two and unfortunately one of the back camera was not working. I returned it and ask someone to purchase another for me. Cant wait to have it this Sunday. Best photos ever
very good
very good phone.
Got this phone for my mom as a gift and she loves it
Great phone easy to set up
I am pleasantly surprised by this phone....the battery life is superb! Great phone at a great price.
Really nice phone. Better than expected. Came in great condition
Good
good
Notification tones are turned to their highest, however volume is still low
I bought 2 of them, and I can say its an amazing
Love for my daughter didnt have to have a plan
I have heard reviews of the screen not looking very clear or HD, but I just saw it in person and it looks fantastic. I was a little skeptical about this item at first because many of the reviews have weird English, but take it from me that this is truly an excellent phone for the price. I'm blown away. Gave it to my mother for a gift.
Just love that phone.....best and cheap ever
Nice size not too big compared to my LG. Has nice features such as ultra power saver, and a radio app. Getting use to having a home button again, but even my mom had no trouble figuring out how to use this phone. Sound quality is very good, and the free headset was nice too!
Great phone , no issues
I wish I had bought this sooner...a little bummed that I can't pick my own tone for message allerts but over all its a great phone
Works good and it's very fast,I have the gold one and it's beautiful so I don't use a case for it,I used my old phone sim card and it works fine
Excellent, I recommend it 100%
Fast shipping and looks beautiful, but the charger base is European and won't work for my American outlets.
Working great!
I bought this for my husband to replace an old Samsung. The price was right and my husband loved it. He took it to the T-Mobile store and got compliments from the sales people. It's a popular phone and they cannot keep it in stock. He wanted a hard case from the T-Mobile store and they had no problem helping him with a Amazon purchased phone.
I wanted something that would run off the CDMA network. Otherwise it's good, but not for me..
Bought two phones - one for youngest daughter and one for myself...these are the best Samsung phones ever. Great bargain on Amazon too! Love the features and the ease of apps...been searching for a new phone for the longest and I finally found it!
It's been great so far.
Very nice, good pictures
gREAT PRICE
So far, so good. Its a nice phone
Yes my wife loves it so far it has worked great.
Great so far. I will alwaya trust Amazon for all my online purchases
good product fast shipping
Really nice and my wife likes it. Like that since it is unlocked I didn't have all the junk you normally get on a phone.
great phone to work with
awesome!
Like. It is very pretty especially the gold color
Good
pretty solid phone. i almost didn't notice that the SD card slides ride above the first SIM card slot. pretty cool. after a year of having a Windows phone, i jumped at the chance to get a Samsung phone with Android. couldn't be happier.
It's awesome cellphone
Good phone works great on t-mobile network. Can't register for warranty as this is an international item that is not sold by Samsung in US
I started off with the #1 Android Unlocked Cell Phone @ $59.99 and what a HUGE disappointment. It was the BLUBLU Advance 5.0 - Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - US GSM - Black I should have just gone with my gut instincts and bought the Samsung (well known for quality and not having quirky issues!) I also bought the 64GBSD card to store apps on. The BLU had a very very frustrating bug where it wouldn't download apps from the Play Store, until you switched the apps in the settings, and even then, it would only "trick" the BLU into taking an app every now and then! I much prefer having a phone that will load apps the way it's supposed to, without glitches.This phone is slick, solid and fast. The only place I've found that carries the spare batteries (I always like to have a spare charged battery on hand for emergencies!) is eBay. The battery number is: EB-BG530CBE.The ability to have 2 SIM cards working at same time is also something the BLU couldn't do, you had to choose one or the other!My advice is invest that $59.99 into a little more expensive phone, better operating phone!
Quality phone and order handled very professionally! Thank you.
Love this phone, & it was easy to set up.
Attractive, easy to use phone...love it
Great!
Excellent!!!!!
It's best features for me are that it will work on European networks and it has slots for 2 SIM cards that you can switch between. Comes with a variety of built in apps.
Great phone. Good relation price -equipment. Excellent camera.
Nice I love it.
Phone was in excellent condition. Worked perfectly.
Its keeps dropping my calls but its ok otherwise. I'm not not sorry i purchased this Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime
The phones were okay
The phone works good but was a day late getting to me and the only other thing is the power cord does not fit very well it works but is really loose and may fall out in the future.
I like this phone as well as I liked my IPhone.
EXCELLENT
Great phone at a great price.Do you really need an $800 phone?
Like
I love the Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS G531H/DS 8GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone very much. It works very well at Canada. It easily transfers all of software and files from my Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 and both can be used alternatively.However, I notice the Prime opening time is longer than the Tab S2. As the result of test, the Prime takes 36” while the Tab S2 takes 24” to complete the opening. I do not know if the process time is right or not.
No issues, good price
good product and sevice
Worked great! I took it for a trip to India. Purchased a local sim with data and voice. I was not out of pocket my entire trip! At the end of the trip, I gave it to a friend who lives in India. His 2 year through his smartphone off the bed and that was the end of that phone. To thank him for all his hospitality, I gave him the phone. He was very happy! The phone is attractive and works great! And, at this price, I can purchase another when I take another trip!
very good
So far so good. I dislike not having colored message indicator lights.
A nice phone. Came with 5.1 lollipop installed. I think that HD screen would have made it perfect for me. But again its a low end phone so...
Great phone for tmobile
Love it!!! Came in excellent condition!!!
Excellent phone that has and does everything most of us need. Dual sim with dual standby works perfect. I also enjoy watching tv and videos from Netfliks on it. I really don't know why people pay so much for other models.
Exceed my expectations
loving it
I love this phone. Arrived in just a few days(3). After my boyfriend raving about his i decided to get one too.. Great phone for the price and great features. Cant put it down.
Just received this phone yesterday and I'm already in love with it...the downfall is no WiFi calling and my employment would be in a dead zone but for once I was actually getting enough signal for my texts so really don't care about the WiFi calling feature though it might be somewhere in the settings my slow self jus cant find it and the manual that came with the phone was well 3 pages lmao other than that the pictures come out hella nice n overall awesome phone at a really nice price!!!!!!
Great phone...used it as a gift!
Great phone
THIS SAMSUNG GALAXY PRIME IS A VERY NICE PHONE WORKS AND LOOKS GREAT,
Nice phone
Good job
Great phone so far.
I love it. The phone is fast and can be used anywhere
I'm no expert, so maybe my five stars is a bit over the top, but I have had a lot of phones and this one is by far the best.It has a bright display for daylight use if you crank it up, good battery life if you're smart about it (don't have blue tooth/wi fi on if you're not using them etc), and most important for me it has easy to use, logical software. If I wanted to go to college to be able to use my computer, I'd buy an Apple ( I have one and it was a mistake), so I was happy that this phone was easy to figure out on the fly.One thing about this particular model is that you can't find a cover for it in the States, at least easily (I tried), so order one or two from Amazon when you get the phone.
Excelente
Nice features for the price. Camera front and rear just average. Very low volume for telephone especially in hands free sucks.
Great starting point for a change from flip phone to smart phone. Use T-Mobile, so had to go online for instruction manual to expedite learning how to use features.
The only problem is that the icons are too sensitive and I'm constantly activating things without wanting to. Otherwise, it's a great phone.
Very goodNot problem
Have had this phone since March and it's an amazing phone, but the only annoying part that is going on for me is either my chargers bent or the cord hole where you charge the phone is is broken because it is struggling to really stay charging now. I wonder if there is a way to fully know why my chargers won't work with the phone all the way now. Am I stuck getting a different phone AGAIN or can a professional see what the problem is which I hope is at least my chargers aren't working well I don't want it to be the phone that's doing this it's self.
Very phone
This is the first dual sim dual standby phone that i used that really did the job compared with BLU, Lenovo and Sky that always hang or restarts. I should have just bought this in the first place rather than started with the less expensive unknown phones. The price, with this you get more than what you paid for. Better that the S3 or S4 and can compare to the S5.
good iteam
This phone is amazing .. I like the fact it takes decent pics .. and good features which I like .. Its good phone for ah cheap price yall should definitely buy this phone :)
nice product
I love this phone so much! it runs so smooth and has 4.16 GB of space when you first get it. I have a 8 GB card also for more space. but very fast in messaging and Internet. definitely a must have. don't listen to bad reviews. this is a great phone. Works wonderful with straight talk. activication kit for straight talk is 59.88 plus tax.
Wonderful gift for my son.
Amazingly awesome phone
cant get notification lights.plus my msgs are cumn in my call log
Great phone
Ordered it on a Saturday, got it three days later (Tuesday). Phone is in perfect condition and works great. Brand new. Comes with earphones and charger. Will make a great gift for my dad!Only downside I would say is that you need a micro SIM card to get it to work!EDIT: Bought another phone because i liked it so much. Again, arrived brand new, etc.
great product I am satisfied, H Watters 14/06/16
I love it! I buy it for use it with telcel in Mexico and is working 100% fine!
Great quality phone for price
Everything was perfect like I was expecting with this phone. This phone is amazing with all the features it has. The price is very cheap comparing to the same phones sold by some stores. You can use it either in USA or internationally.
Work's beautifulLove it nice photos
perfect phone for the price
This phone is amazing I love it my first real good expensive phone
Very pleased with this phone. Found out I could have purchased elsewhere at a lower price (*at the Cricket wireless store for $100), but I always have great success with Amazon and would rather just stick with proven results.Many functions, substantial speed, excellent camera, and my service under Cricket wireless is exceptional. All around great phone...I've had tremendous experiences with Samsung...and I'm still not sure why some people would spend $600-$800 for a phone when this one has everything a person should need.
good
Easy to use and set up. Love the phone.
Very good quality product
Did meet my expectation and i look the size.
When I took it to the cel store tp buy a plan the guy was surpriced due to the dual sim and that was unlocked from factory
good
Fast shipping, came in sealed box new from factory! First smart phone and so far I like it!
Excellent product great pixelation on both cameras and user friendly.
cool;
Good so far
Love it!
This phone is amazing great size...and everything came with it like the battery earbuds and charger with a foreign wall adapter...this phone is awesome and I have had a lot of phones in my day lol...would highly recommend you get one
meets my requirements as a young person
Worth every penny - but this phone is made for Turkey/Afganistan not that that makes much difference. I'm more than pleased.
It does the job as described. Might not be the newest model but I use it just fine.
I love everything about it!
Got the phone almost 3months ago an it stop working every thing just froze and I bought it to different places to fix I an they all say it can't be fix......really I put five stars so that it can be seen.....
I love it
EXCELENT
Happy Birthday to me!!! I just love my phone!!! Worth every cent and I have had it for a few weeks now! You just can't go wrong!
Love the phone! However, since it was manufactured internationally, I am unable to find a compatible SD card to increase the memory.
Works great so far....still learning a few things about the phone but I'm getting there
Very nice phone!
Great phone and easy switching from one app to another. Like the way I can close used apps
A much better phone than I was already using. The phone operates fast and apps run better.
Good product.no indication light if you miss a call or have a message you.for this price you get what you pay for.
Meets expectations.
Great phone, it works very well and reliable! I had it over a month and no problems.
Very happy with the phone!
great phone....brand new. Works perfectly (overseas) and has dual sim. So good that i bought one for my wife today!!!!
Great phone. Affordable and great picture very sharp..not too big the phone just right size.
I also bought this as a gift. she loved it
I just got my phone today and I am super impressed with all the features it has to offer. It even has 2 SIM card holders. The phone was in excellent condition and it came with the battery, charger, and even headphones! The gold color is really nice, the screen is marvelous, and the product is overall fantastic. I would buy this phone again! I absolutely love it. :)
nice phone! great service by SurgeTelecom.
Very good phone.
Except for lack of 4G accesibility this is a good phone.
Everything good except for the headphones
Love my phone
Purchased this to replace an Iphone 5S which was dropped in water. It arrived quickly and in good condition. I started with an android phone but moved to IOS when upgrading. Both have their perks but coming back to this phone reminded me how much I missed the simplicity of Android. This seems to have much less bloatware than other galaxy phones I've seen and for a $150 phone, it starts up and opens apps pretty quickly. Phone calls are average for hearing the other party(I'm not sure how I sound to others). The sound put through the on board speaker and headphone jack are weak (Lacks lower end on the headphone output). Overall this phone does exactly what I need, makes texts, makes calls, GPS on Google Maps, checking Email, and gives me internet access.I did have a problem initally with AT&T service. I could make calls and text, but couldn't use data. I used this site:[...]to set up a new access point for data and everything has worked since.TLDR:Pros:QuickGood Battery LifeSimplicity isn't always badNot much bloatwareRemovable BatterySD Card SlotDual SimCons:Weak Headphone Jack OutputAverage Call QualityAverage Camera
great
So far so good and great price. Got one for my self and my daughter for her b.d. I think in comparison the Samsung galaxy 7 in price.....I would opt for this one, can't beat it and so far it is a really nice phone!!!
Excellent thanks
my sisters loves it.
Great phone. Great price.
Great for the price, you would love it
Great product
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone. It takes great pictures. It instantly set up with my work calendar just by setting up my work email. I can instantly access my emails and facebook. It's easier to use facebook on my phone than my laptop.
My son purchased with his own money - excellent phone - he loves it - we purchased it because he wanted an unlocked Samsung - we then used the Tracfone Sim Activation Kit to set it up with Tracfone. Very durable phone and would definitely recommend it.
nice
Excellent product and service!
Other than having to adjust a few things here and there, the phone is great. Battery lasts so much longer than previous phones.
This product is AWESOME!!! No issues
Works with H2O wireless. I was worried but it turned out Awesomeeeeeee :). For the price it's hard to beat being unlocked and all. I am happy with feel that it has. Smooth and easy to use. Recommend it for sure. :)
all in excellent condition
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. In the past she had an iphone and this was her first Android device. She had no trouble adapting to this phone and favored the size and shape of her phone over my galaxy s5. It is a great phone for the price. If you are wanting a new smart phone--and not wanting to pay top dollar--I would highly recommend this product!
Excelent
Great phone. I had a little trouble getting it connected to my mobile carrier (Metro PCs) because I didn't realize it was a duo sim card but I have been loving the phone. It's fairly large but it holds battery very well and the Android operating system is fantastic. A good choice if you want a smart phone but can't afford the latest Samsung model.
As expected
I love this phone, so glad I ordered. It's so pretty and despite what some people were saying about it, it's actually pretty nice. Definitely worth what I payed, The display and color are very crisp and clear, It is actually decently fast and runs pretty smooth, and so far everything seems great. If you want a nice phone but don't want to spend a fortune, I'd say something like this is a pretty good deal. Lol , it is from Vietnam though, so when you first power it on everything is in Vietnamese! But once you get it into your correct language it isn't hard to figure out. mine was ready to update from kitkat to lollipop about 20 mins after i set everything up. Great phone!
Great phone for the price. Love it and it does everything I need. Cameras are great!! Give stars
Good!
Very pleased with my new Samsung. Very user friendly and I love the gold colour.As my tablet is Samsung, this was an easy choice.The quality of the photos is excellent. My question to others is - why do my contacts names not appear always when they call me?At last I have found a smart phone that I love.
so far so good. phone does everything I need it to do
The phone arrived on time and i'm already using it from Argentina. It works perfectly and i love it.
It's very very nice, buy it !!!!
Will only connect on one of two bands in U.S. on AT&T, so so not expect 4G LET speeds (30Mbps). Expect H+ speed, which is more like 8Mbps, and plenty for streaming music, YouTube, and email.
good
I bought it because it's a double Sim phone. The camera is fine, and the network reception is quite good Compared to my former phone.
No complaints. ..like a mini laptop...it does almost everything
I have it for sometime now and it is still working great. One of the best cellulars I had.
I have always enjoyed using android products. I am not an IT Tech person, I just need a device that can provide my basic needs and various other features. So I am very pleased it's a dual sim, and will continue using Samsung Products.
GREAT PHONE FOR VALUE! Dual SIM capabilities essential for frequent travelers. The images from front and rear cameras are vivid and clear with options for dynamic HD colors, GIFs and night images. Large Screen is great for gaming, watching movies and video chat. Would recommend to tech-savy heavy phone users on a budget.
Great price.. great performance. I question the age of the battery.It was more phone than I needed or understood...did I mention you can use it in other countries by dropping in an additional chipAnd it doesn't catch on fire in your pocket or purse
I love this phone
Daughter can't stay off it.
great for the price
Amazing phone just what i was waiting for and much more
Bought this as a gift for my GF for Xmas. Glad I did! She loves the phones features and the feel of the phone. Nice big clear display and weight. It's unlocked and ready for any carriers. Good for the price.
Good phone. Added to our AT&T account for a family member. It compares well with my Galaxy S5 for a much lower cost.
Great upgrade and saving from iPhone 4S...
An excellent phone. It is smooth as silk and works great. Very inexpensive to other high dollar phones.. Samsung does it again. The width of the phone is perfect for people like me with small hands and short fingers. Thanks to Samsung and Amazon.. LOVE IT !!!!
excelent
Bought phone for my brother and he loves it
I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my 12 year old son. We purchased a prepaid plan from Family Mobile at Walmart. It was easy to set up the account. It has good quality pictures. He is able to use it for texting and talking. You can also download all of the latest apps. This is a great phone to have. The color is also a plus.
Just as I expected with samsung great phone and user friendly.
Bought for someone else,they have no issues as yet
Its batter then other phone
This phone is great so far! The phone arrived shortly after ordered, i have had it for a total of 3 days so far. It may be too soon to tell, but so far i dont have a negative thing to say about this product. The phone has a slick design, and the screen is large. Any text or pictures have a clear and crisp display, and It also holds a good charge. For me the fact that you can take off the back of the phone with ease is a huge plus, it alows you to access your sim card, micro sd card, and battery with no hassle. I had mixed feelings about ordering the phone, wondering if the cheap price meant the quality of the phone would be poor. This is certianly not the case, if you are looking for a cheap, durable, and reliable phone this is it. :)
Bought this phone for my son, he likes it and all its features.
Very good phone. I am from the Caribbean, and I had no problems with it. Would highly recommend.
I don't like this phone, it is too slow pictures quality poor. And I need to send it back
I received it OK (on time, package was good, nothing broken, etc). I originally had a Galaxy S2 with AT&T. S2 uses a regular size SIM. This Grand Prime uses a micro SIM. I didn't even know the size of SIM would be a problem. To be fair, AMAZON description did clarify the size of SIM. I just did not think thoroughly. Anyhow, due to the size problem, I could not switch my phones immediately. Next day, I visited AT&T and they gave me a free micro SIM and completed the phone transfer (thanks, AT&T :). Since then, I have used my phone OK. It is not perfect. LTE is not working with this phone. However, given how much I paid for this phone, I would choose this phone over any other phone. For the price, this is an excellent phone. Overall it works really well.
Fast and reliable
This a great product,all the features of this phone is true to the product.I love it
Great phone with excellent features
good
Nice
Really good phone..
I order one for my wife I liked so well I order one for myself. But don't order the prime case it's very very low grade and it takes 4 to 6 weeks to arrive .go to retailer for better quality case
Did not see it wasn"t 4G
It really nice but the battery life needs to be improved
I purchased this phone because I could not afford the HTC I really wanted. I've had HTC phones for a long long time and being that this was my first Samsung phone I really preferred my HTC. There was no real concerning issues with it, other than I just didn't like the system. However the battery life on this phone is AMAAAZZIIIINNGGGGGG!!!! I would listen to Spotify all day at work, log in for long periods of time on my social media accounts and would still have a high battery life by the end of the night.You will of course have to get a memory card for it as it has very limited space, but for the price you're paying, it's issue. I also really like the camera on this phone! Overall great for the price!
The phone is unlocked and can be used with any service provider. It is beautiful and affordable.
Excellent phone. I'm luvin it.
ok
I cracked the screen on my other duos, took it to the shop to find out it was outdated. I bought this one a week ago. The sim card slot was much smaller, so I had to cut my sim card down to fit (there is a DIY video on youtube, very easy). once I did, I had to fiddle around with it a bit. That night I sat down to configure it, and it was basic, though the instructions are NOT written in English. If you have prior knowledge and a little time on your hands, it's not a big deal. You do need to order a case for it to protect it. Like my former DUOS, it had a plastic backing. The screen size is contemporary, but not huge. The volume is not loud, but with a free app for boosting volume, it's an easy fix. This phone only takes AT&T compatible sim cards, if you want one for another company, you'll have to google the code that provider uses for sim cards. Overall, I really like it, its not slow, I use a straight talk ATT&T sim card in mine and I have great service. This is a great alternative for anyone who does not want to spend a ton of money, but still wants to enjoy the luxuries many high end phones have. My fiance is strictly an Iphone user, and was a bit jealous that my phone (and bill) was a fraction of what he pays, and more attractive than his.
I just left his phone and it arrived today and I bought it for my husband it's a great phone because I have one myself going to be a year in December and for the price is great I try to go to stores and not so much for the same phone and they tried to charge me$375
Awesome phone so far...I LOVE IT.
Works great.. highly recommend
Grand Dad loves it
I love it. Big screen
GREAT PHONE AT GREAT PRICE.
Phone works great. ..arrived on time
High quality for a low price. I couldn't believe it when i received my phone this morning. I am very excited for my phone. I ordered a used but very good condition.This phone came brand new and works excellent. I still can't understand why people spend a fortune for other brands.
Works great just at&t dont sell cases have to buy online and sometimes frezees gb go fast
Love it!
AWESOME Phone - Works Well with AT&T - I have an iphone 6P and it broke. Apple would not replace it or give credit to buy a new iphone. I purchased this Samsung Galaxy Prime and love it. For $150 approx - this phone works very well and support 2 sim cards. Please purchase the adapter kit if you are using an iphone sim or a using this phone as an iphone backup only FOR ATT customer.Just looks like my iphone 6P.I wonder why I should spend HIGH $$$ on iphone anymore. Love this phone. Installed all my favorite apps and works AWESOME
Excellent...
The phone provides both form and functionality. It was easy to insert the SIM card and very easy to set-up once you signed into your Google account.
Good product, works well
My order arrive very fast and great conditions. ....my galaxy grand prime is beutibul big,very easy to add a new Sim card....really really satisfied I'm whit a Tracfone carrier and work perfec so far.....
Screen went black 2 months after it arrived. Loved phone. Afraid to order another. Repair will cost is about cost of new phone.
Nice and beautiful
The recipient loves her phone
best purchase, my sisters love it
Great phone with the exception of the speaker. Rather poor. Others have commented on this.
Love it!! Just receive it, and is charging just perfect. I will try it and see how it goes.
great phone...
I love that phone, I have just small issues for myself, this phone not up-gradable to last Android version. It stuck with 5.1.1. I mostly use this phone for testing purpose so it not fit to my expectations, but besides this everything is just lovely, big screen, colors, brights, easy to use, external storage.. etc.
I was a little nervous to purchase this unlocked cell phone due to some of the reviews I read, but all of my worries disappeared once it arrived to my home. It got here on time and in great condition. The phone it's self is a budget phone, but it works beautifully with my Net10Wireless plan and looks exactly as is shown in the photos. It's surprising fast and more up to date than I expected. I'm able to get certain apps on this phone that I wasn't able to get before with my Samsung Galaxy S3. Such as Pokemon Go, Vine, and I am now able to get and use all of the Snapchat filters available. Great fun!However, some things that did bother me: The front facing camera for selfies works great but the outward facing camera on the back of the cell phone is a bit lower quality and is noticeably so. The charger cord is too short for my liking, and the set of headphones it came with are completely useless.Otherwise, this phone works great and I have had no problems with it so far. I'm evening considering buying two more for family members this Christmas. I would highly recommend!
Awesome!!!Thanks.
I had to pull the trigger on getting a new phone, this one has met all of my hopes and expectations!!
I love this phone; an excellent buy, and was exactly what I expected and needed!
Very great. I recommend it to anyone.
love it
So far I really like this phone. I'm not tech savvy so I don't know smart phones well. However, so far this phone has been really easy to use, which I appreciate!
This phone is working very good.
I love this phone, purchases 2 for my husband and myself. My husband also loves his phone. Perfect size, good battery life.
What my wife wanted, and it's a nice phone.
good little computer
Bought this phone and love it
It's a great phone!
Like it very much
I liked it very much ,, everything i expected
excelent
All features are working nicely. The processor seems to be very quick. Nice bright screen. Camera has good resolution. Slots for two SIM cards is a big plus for me. Only negative is that the back cover needs to be removed to insert or remove the mini-SD card, which I need to do occasionally to transfer data. The SD card in my Galaxy Exhilirate loaded into a port on the side of the unit. The change was probably necessitated by the thinner profile, which I couldn't care less about.
Very good cellphone a very nice price
It would get 5 stars but it randomly switches off like entirely and u have to boot it back up.
Great phone for a good price! No problems setting up and using with byop straightalk.
not capable of 4G in Metro PCS.
sturdy protection. worth the price
i bought two phones the same exact ones , and so far I'm in love w. it ! it came perfect in good condition camera works great everything works great
Looks and works great, my daughter loves it.
Great phone for the price
Love at first sight, eventhough mine was "uplifted" it was supurb. Too smooth, ohh i miss it… #GALAXYBLUES
Not the same quality as Galaxy S5
d
Good.
These aren't flagship phones by any means but they are perfect for my 16 and 12 year old children. They are priced so I don't have to make monthly payments on them and they have the reliability and the styling I like from Samsung without the cost (or flashy features) of an s series or note series phone. My kids are pleased with them. My son does complain that he runs out of storage easily but he is a budding tech genius and tries to do all kinds of things vs with his phone that normal people dont. Overall we are pleased with them. My daughter has it in gold and my son in the gray. Both come with European plugs and an adapter for US sockets but it doesn't really matter if you're like our family and have a zillion of the sub wall units around that house, you can just plug the sub cable into any of those or purchase one of you dont like having to use the adapter. Also comes with headphones
great phone great price!
Good product.
Yep!
So far so good. Works great for my needs. Would recommend
Am rather impress with this phone it came in its original package and working very good
excelente....
Awesome phone
The phone arrived withing 4 days of the order....after having galaxy S3 for so many years this phone surprised me.....it's bigger in size, it's fast easy to work with...it was so easy to transfer my music/pictures/documents...I had this phone working/set up in 5 minutes to my liking....Camera quality is excellent... this phone is international and it workes with T-mobile or simple mobile providers....or any provider sponsored by T-mobile..
Perfect. got headphone & charger with it. but I had to wait 7 days to receive it
Bought this for my brother he loves it! Software is well u to date. Con it doesn't come with a music app.:( disappointed about that but its great!
I love the phone im so happy with my purchase and it works very good with net 10,I simply love it!!
I am satisfied of the outlook and operation of the phone. i do recommend it to any who look for fully pledged smart phone at reasonable cost.the package had been re-sealed as was informed by amazon for their pre-shipping check-ups. phone was brand-new and with international warranty. thanks for after-sales verification on the product by amazon. i bought item from cell floor. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS G531H/DS 8GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - White
Love it
Got my package yesterday. I love it. Looks like new and works wonderful!
Very big and great picture quality but still easily portable.
best phone I've had! Definitely would buy this again! Great phone at a great price, does everything I need!
Calme perfect!
Im very happy with this grand prime. It's meeting the expectations I anticipated from it. I just wish I had gotten one with more internal memory but with the memory it does have it performs well. Shipping and delivery went smooth as butt skin.
Great phone for the price. Only markdown is the lack of a notification light.
It's a great phone and I am enjoying it not too expensive will recommend
Love it!
THIS phone is SERIOUSLY UNDERRATED, it's just too awesome to be called a budget phone...
Love the phone but had issues with the charging it , but all in all great phone
Awesome phone!!! Absolutely love it! Easily transferred my service from a crappy carrier (Boost) who told me this phone was not compatible w their network so I couldn't use it, by buying a $7 T-Mobile SIM card/kit on Amazon, switching to them, keeping my #!!! AND getting a better & cheaper plan! I would highly suggest anyone wanting to keep a pre-paid plan & THEIR NUMBER & get a newer Galaxy smartphone for a GREAT price do this!!
Phone is all it is advertised. Everything works great, product is in perfect condition. Very Happy. Well worth the price.
Good!
Loved my new phone. I read books with it, watch movies...everything + it looks beautiful! recommend it to everyone.
Very good!
Great Phone.
Still learning to use it but so far its been great. The only thing in the package I could not use was the headset it appears that one ear plug had about a 20 inch wire to reach my ear but the other one was only about 5 inches long so could not use both at same time.
While very please with the 2 Samsung Grand Prime Duos phones, I have yet to get the SD card to be recognized by either phone. SD cards specific to these phones have been tried, as well as other SD cards I had.My question to you is 1) Have there been other purchasers having the problem,2) Is there a SD card make and size that it needs 3) What is the likely hood that the SD slot is bad on both phones. 4)If nothing can be corrected what do I have to do to get replacements?Thank YouSincerelyThomas G
The phone overall is great but it didn't come with a American charger and the earphones one of the earbuds is longer than the other.
I love this phone.
It's working just as I expected.
gOOD
there wasn't any problems
Nice product. It works perfectly. But tje performance, not what i espected. Just my oponion.
This is a cute uograded phone from my samsung note 2. Slimmer and sleek too. I had to buy another one for my mum...Price was ok
Excellent product
Bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. Will buy from again.
Excelente phone for the price!!!
good phone, I took it outside of US and it worked perfectly fine with other phone service carriers.
Excellent , I love all the features included in this set.
Have been very happy with this phone.
It was a gift haven't heard any complaints yet not one I would buy for myself
I rated the phone from everyone view and I can't regret today cause its a great deal. Fast delivery and good product. It two a week before I got it seen that I live in the Caribbean.
Its great but the volume and selection of ring tones are terrible. The phone really needs louder volume to hear it ring if its not in your pocket. I miss alot of calls leaving it in the living room but still in the house
Great phone
excelente
Worked fine glad I purchased this phone love Android phones .
Bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loved it! So much so that it was stolen shortly after and she got another one just like it lol
Excellent product and purchase experience
I bought this phone for my mother. She loves it. Does everything she needs and more
Thank you so much. Nice phone. Good buy
Perfect if you need dual sim cards for at home or travelling.
Very happy with this smart phone.
Great phone at a great price!
Great cell phone, I have had mine two years with no issue that I brought my daughter one, she loves it, it is big enough that she play games on it, never had an issue with mine. I love all the features this phone has, not only is it big enough to see, which some cell phones these days are not, I can't even read an iPhone these days due to it being so small, so it was nice to see one so big, the memory size is quite large enough to add many apps on it and I have never had an issue with mine for 2 years so I would recommend this phone for others.I am under no obligation to provide a positive review for this product, nor am I receiving any type of compensation, incentive, or reward for doing so. A positive review is only given for positive product attributes and effects or performance of the product, not to just boost the seller. My main objective is to simply inform a potential customer of any positive or negative attributes about the product and its effectiveness or performance, just as I would like to know for myself. My review is solely based on my own personal experience with this product and I hope that this review helps with your decision to purchase this product. If you find that this review was at all helpful, I simply ask that you please indicate so by voting the YES button below because I try to write a thorough and thoughtful review for each product in which I evaluate, and I would like to Thank You in advance.
great phone, very close to my other note 4!!
I LOVE THE PHONE IT DOES WHAT I NEEDED FOR. THE BATTERY LAST LONGER.
good phone, tough to understand
Stupid that it wasn't from the USA because if anything happens damage wise the 1 year limited warranty isn't effective
Excelente!!!
Very satisfied
Great phone and fast. Good wifi reception and clarity of speech used magic jack to call friends. Located micro SD slot on top of sim 1 expandable to 64Gig. I am running 16Gig. All apps from Galaxy s2 ported over rather quickly via google account. Verizon and Sprint do not work with this phone they are CMDA FYI. Sim 1 2G, Sim 2 3G. ATT and Tmobile are supposed to work but Tmobile reviews say that only voice and text. Have not tried it out. I use Straight talk and will use ATT. The only con is it does not have 4G for secure banking via phone. My area does not have much 4G anyway. The phone that I received says north america which includes mexico, canada, central america and has to be activated for 5 minutes on a north american carrier before it can be used overseas. I have used other phones in Eastern Europe with no problems. They run on 2G. Leave sim 1 open if you travel to Europe. There will not be a problem with this one.
Setting up and everything was easy and it works really well. The two Sim slots are really convenient!
It's been a year and I still love my phone!
Very good phone at an excellent price.
Good Phone. I HAVE HAD IT FOR 11 MONTHS AND I HAVE ENCOUNTERED ABSULOUTELY NO ISSUES WITH IT.
Great phone for the price
good
I love my phone. Would buy it again. I just gave it 4 stars bc the back cover is realy cheap material and it scratched in no time, but I considr this a good phone.
great phone one of the best i bought in years
Excelente
My son loves this phone!
Brother is enjoying his new phone.
I love this phone
I love this Samsung, especially for its picture quality. I was at time square during new year period and took several picture with my family,this Samsung beats my brother's iPhone in term of picture quality. Works great with my simple mobile SIM.
The camera is great as well as the other features
i bouth this phone for my mother in law, everything seems ok until today. I really hope still fine. good seller.
great smartphone phone i like
Phone came as expected...love everything about it and its nice slim design
excellent product !!!!!
Works great!
This phone is all good. It hasn't given me a single problem since I bought it. Easy to use, excellent resolution, and very durable.I'll say that again, VERY durable. Dropped it by accident a couple times and there wasn't a scratch on it (thank goodness). All in all, I give my thumbs up for this Samsung Galaxy.
More space and it can play the games my old phone cannot. Samsung Galaxy Exhibit upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Value edition. Yes they don't mention that it's a value edition. I still think it was worth it.
Brought one for my gf and she loves it plus it works awesome
I liked it at first but is starting to lag already and also am already out of device storage which is preventing me from updating any apps. Compared to the galaxy s3 and s4, which I had each for 2+ years and never experienced a lack of device storage.
all da f boys be like 2 phones real boys be like 2 sims F F F the Police
This is my second phone to travel overseas so far so good. I expect to use it on my next journey thanks...
Good qυalιтy pнone.
I like it
I love the fact that it's unlocked. Took my number and account from StraightTalk to this phone with no problems whatsoever. This is the first flat phone I've had. My kids were glad to see my flip phone go. The transition has been smooth, since I've been using Android on my Nook tablet. The only thing I hate about this phone is how much I love this phone.
Delivery was fast. Works great on both networks in Trinidad & Tobago (Digicel and Bmobile). Accessories not that difficult to find locally but purchasing case and screen protector with the phone can save you time and energy. Works great for my needs! I'm glad I made this purchase
Work beautiful I buy it for my boyfriend and he loved it
I'm happy with my phone
Nice phone
Excellent
Package arrived in a week, was exactly what i ordered. Works great and i love it ! Buy from Wireless Place, satisfaction 100% guaranteed.
Amazing it only stick once because i guest it was new... but its just amazing, camera is awesome... I will definitely recommend this to anyone
Worth every penny.
It is good but a little bit differend which i saw. Touch screen is not working sooo good i cant move the thinks from work window.
Write your review herelove love love this phone
Good phone and fast shipping
Very good price/quality ratio
Hi love
Good product , as expected
excelemts phone
Nice having the option to switch sim cards.
Nice cellphone
I had bought this to replace my father's old phone which I think was the phone that started the line of Samsung Galaxies. Since it's much more modern than the one he had there are different things about it, which just make it more awesome. It was simple to start up. The only thing that confused me is that is has two slot where you can put in a Sim card, and I had mistaken it for just one for the Sim card and the other microSD card. The microSD card is actually on a slot right on top of on the Sim card slots. My father has totally adjusted to his phone, although still learning about some of the new functions. I am almost tempted to get one myself. We have AT&T and we did not want to add to our bill a phone that back then we could of gotten for free. But with this phone, once purchased, is yours until whenever.
impressed good performance
It's a really nice phone to have and it's affordable
PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice phone
So far I like this phone, still learning. Don't much like the swipe but getting use to.
good product
very good phone for the price!
Everithing was perfect, the thing is, I need to reset the phone because of some setting I did wrong by error. But, I need a pin number to do that, how can I get that pin???
Good
I brought it for myself I like it thanks.
I've had this for awhile now and gotta say really love it. For someone who needs a phone that is functional, this is the ideal grab. :)
This was one of my favorite phones unfortunately it was stolen so I ordered a note because it was cheaper but I really liked this phone and the color was pretty,
Great phone
Works perfect!
Very good phone, would recommend as a starter smart phone.
Works as intended and the price is right. The size is good to have big letters and watch without glasses.
The phone had been turned on before but otherwise a cool phone, gets the job done bought it for my wife and she loves it.
This smartphone I really like it. The features are awesome.Most of all the price was reasonable.
Still learning, but so far quite satisfied.
I absolutely love this phone. It does everything that I want it to do and more. It is like carrying a mini computer with me at all times. The camera has amazing resolution; the mp3 player has great tone; I can type on my goggle docs, and then print wirelessly. I cannot believe that there is a comparable system out there for the price. At first, people directed me to Apple, but I have always used Android. After hearing about some of the glitches with Apple, and some research, my daughter found these phones. Again, I highly recommend this device. The phone arrived in good order from the store, and in great time.
Good
Tha Samsung Galaxy works really well. It's even better than what I expected.
nice phone
Love the phone & case!
Good
Excellent
No doubt one of the best mid-range smartphone out there, its fast, it has a great picture and video quality, overall this phone is great, definitely money well spent. Highly recommend it to anyoneone on a budget looking for a great phone.
love the phone. my sim works and its from mexico telcel
I really enjoy this phone it is much easier to use than the one I use to have. I use to have the HTC and this one has more memory. It is also easier to move things to my SD card. I have Metro PCS and I only had to buy the sim card. I would recommend this phone to people. It is very nice and easy to use.
otimo
so far so good, very easy to operate
This is a very good phone. It could use some more memory, but does a good job. It is quite fast also.
I brought this as a gift for my daughter, it works well in the Caribbean,is everything the manufacturer said it would be. She's satisfied with it.
great phone, we have 5 in of those in our home
My grandsons love it!
Very happy with this phone
great
This phone is just as amazing as I expected. A lot of my friends had it so they pushed me to buy it and I love it. The only downside is that it doesn't come with a sim card, but that can be easily taken care of. I definitely recommend this phone. If you don't know whether or not to order it, do it! Mine came a day earlier than expected on amazon prime and I love it!!!
very good cellphone for me
Camara not Good.
Simple phone. Easy to boot up and use, and had no problems using a SIM card from my wireless carrier.
Great buy
Nice phone that works well. It doesn't come with a lot of apps, so if you don't like having a bunch of apps you don't want and don't mind spending some time installing the apps you do want, then this is the phone for you.
Perfect for me
very very good
A+
Great
Love it
Everything is working great with this. Brand new and looking good.
Perfect!!
Satisfied with the purchase
I first saw this phone on AT&T website. I found it on Amazon and decided to order it. It is a great little phone but there are a few things I don't like about it. First, the volume keys and on/off key is located opposite each other. When I want to turn the volume up or down, I always got the key on the other side that turns the screen on or off. That makes it frustrating. Would be a lot better if it was located in the top part of the phone. Second, when a call has ended the screen is black and you can't tell if the call has been ended or not. When you take the phone from your face, the screen should light back up, sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't. All these problems to me are really nothing major.Now there are a lot I like about the phone. It takes a great picture, the volume is great, plus I love how it has expandable memory. Great for holding lots of music and pictures. This phone is no iPhone but it is great for its price.
Really happy with my purchase. :) I have waited a long time to get a new phone. A lot of what I have had were used. I didn't want to spend the extra money on a new phone. However, this is a great deal and very nice phone.
Delevery was on time and product as described and expected.Great buy. Would recommend to anyone
I have had the galaxy s 1, 2, 3, & 4 which new ll great. This is a lower model phone to the gqlaxy s phones and its awesome. The only thing I don't like is that you cannot chose a background picture for your text messages like you can with the galaxy s three four. Other then tha this phone is awesome.
Very good
Works great and looks great!
Great value for your money
I bought the phone for my sister and don't know much more other than she said she loves it.
Working as I expected
My phone works perfectly
Great phone many many features not found in a phone at this price
So far so good no complaints as yet phone is working fine.
I love it
I always love Samsung Phones. I just replaced my Samsung T211 phone tablet since I needed a smaller phone. This phone met all I wanted and expected from a phone. Awesome!
Great phone for a great price.
G reattach product
Just Awesome phone for this Price. pretty good specs for a phone. Very Light in weigh and Big in size. Very nice Camera too. Very....
It's exactly what I need. Good product
The phone is working very good. The only problem seems to be the life of the battery. Have to charge it every other day.
great phone even though its only 3g its features more than make up the difference
Very satisfied
It worked good in other countries
wonderful , on time .
The product was exactly as described and shipped promptly. I am very happy
Great Product!
Very good cell phone, everything good, looks like on pictures, works perfect
I've bought this phone for multiple members of my family including another adult. Everyone I've given it to has been extremely satisfied. I highly recommend this phone.
Works great no problems
great product
excellent product, I recommend it 100% responsible
Love the phone. Using it in Trinidad in the Caribbean. The only thing is that it freezes up fairly often.What would be the cause of this?
nice phone
This phone is for my mom, she likes it. There is a learning curve for her, but I think it does what she needs it to do. She hasn't had any complaints thus far.
So far I'm enjoying my phone except I'm unable to download music
As good as any high priced smart phone. I like it.
Ok
very good phone
love this phone. easy to use, nice size.
This is my second order and I received the phones in excellent condition both times. Thank you again.
I purchase it for m daughter. She loves it.So far everything works. Amazing battery life. Good phone for this price.
Great.
Love it!
It's very very good, buy it !!!!!
Excellent good fo the price.
Very cooll
This Samsung works perfectly.Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS 8GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone -International Version- Gray
It works perfectly
I can use the same wall plug that i have from my old samsung.. the adapter that comes with it is not important to me..they are great sellers.. fast and respectful .. they will answer any questions.. great camera.. great for games .. big screen.. i have to learn to use this phone in my old age.. really easy to read.. made the mistake of ordering a J1 mini too.. so now i have 2 phones.. one to use for work and one to play games. watch movies on, use as a flash light and camera... :-) yes it has a built in flash light..
Shipped on time and came as expected. The phone works great (knock on wood). I was able to transfer my AT&T sim card from my slowly dying phone to this phone and am impressed with everything. The memory is not much but you can add a micro sd memory card and transfer apps, songs, and pictures to it to speed up the phone. The camera isn't great but it'll do.
Very good!
My cousin loves this phone and thanks me everyday for this purchase
I love it
Its fye
Great phone for the price. Make sure you call your service provider and get it activates. That would have saved me hours of confusion if it wa in the manual.
Good phone, it works great with international carriers.
nice phone, works well
Nice and new just put my cricket Sim in it ND it worked just fine happy me...and planning to buy it again for my hubby soon
Great product !!
👍
Muy buen Producto
Love love love my phone and didn't have to wait forever for shipping
Its fast and takes great pictures... So far it all works great... My husband likes the phone!!
Works just perfec
Yes, I give it to my sister as a gift, she love it.
good phone
I wish there was more storage, but what I can say is that I really like this phone. Pictures are great! I have had it now for about 4 months and am very satisfied. It is just like the Galaxy everybody is going crazy over, I think the 5s or something. Whatever it is my sister has it, only I paid alot less for mine!
I got this phone for my boyfriend it work awesome only thing was getting it activated was a little tricky but indeed it was an unlocked phone we used it with straight talk and he loves it the camara works good picturing when playing music sounds great and the color makes ot look very nice will deff by again
is cool
Very nice phone
Purchase for use in Jamaica, I love it!
So far so good. Came with international charger, but additional USA adapter provided. Which is cool since we travel to Korea anyway. Transfered SIM card and everything is working. Screen is clear and nice. Thank you.
So far so good, not a single thing wrong yet. It even came with an adapter to plug some international plug into an American outlet. I doubt I'll ever use it but it's nice to have
The phone is great but the charger adaptors are weird. It came with two of them but neither one worked for me...
I love it. Tks you!.
10/10 very good phone. No problems, very fast and very stylish! I'm going to buy this phone for my younger daughter and would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a cheap and good phone. very good!!
good phone
Good value works well , has better battery savings tahn other phones wife is ahppy and she can drop it as much a sshe likes and i dont fel terrible ebacuse it was reasonably priced
Fast delivery and works good.
It's a great phone with fun apps.
Love my. Phonr
Nice phone, a little slow sometimes, but a good phone at that prize
Excelent
Excelent
IT LOOKS NICE, NARROW, I HAVE A 32 MICRO SD CARD IN IT, DOWNLOADING APPS, FEATURES, CAMERA ALL WORK EXCELLENT. SOMETIMES IT STOPS SCROLLING DOWN WHEN I VISIT A SHOPPING PAGE WITH LOTS OF PICTURES (ONLINE) BECAUSE IT NEEDS UPDATES... I HAVE TO ARROW BACK TO THE PREVIOUS PAGE W/O A PROBLEM. THEN START ALL OVER. :-/ OTHER THAN THAT, ITS A GOOD PHONE.
Great phone at a great price. I had a chance to use it for a few months and I have no complaints. Runs great, battery life is holding up well and no issues.
great dual sim phone for a family member in Jamaica
Very good
Phone arrived earlier than expected. Turned out to be a great phone.
my mother can't stay off of her device. great phone
It was just as the item looks and say about the phone
Good as expected
SO GOOD AND I REALLY APPRICIATE DOING BUSSINESS WITH YOU GUYS
Order for my Dad that is 78. He loves it!
Screen is bigger than my wife's Galaxy S2.
as I expected,great great great......
Great value for Samsung phone. This is an upgrade for me from an LG phone. I think I will enjoy this phone. Samsung makes great products.
Great phone at good price!!
The phone is working very good in have no issues no complaint so far
my daughter had been saving her money for some time to get this jphone and was so excited it arrived so quickly.
Good phone
1 star less because rex
i like this phone a lot because of the fact that i can activate it with any company that i desire.It is also a really beautiful phone and it is really durable.the only thing i didn't like about it is that i can't download or have many apps because the ram is too low to take it.
Honestly works better than cricket and others carriers.
good phone
Met all expectations, packaging and phone were great and had all its accessories.
The phone arrived within 2-3 days. It was in a package and it looked like new. No scratches. But when I put the battery and turned it on, it didn't let me go through the set up process like it happens normally when you start a new phone. The phone was ready to use which made me think it was pre-owned and used by someone. I sent it to East Africa so I can't comment further the rest of its features.
in love with this dual sim phone! the gold colour is everything!it is fast, not heavy at all. Charging last enough to avoid you pemanently rush to plug in a every moment of the day.I received it as a gift and my sister ask me to order her 1. We both are happy with it.and for a Samsung... the price is very good because this phone is a really beauty inside and out!
Great phone! It charges quickly and responds immediately to commands. Good camera, also.
Highly recommended if you are traveling out of the United States. I use it in the British Virgin Island worked very well.
I love this phone. Had now for a few months and zero issues. Its fast, and has a great camera. I also like the big screen and slimness of the phone itself.
Would recommend this item
Good Phone, Working very well in Venezuela
Only complaint is that it won't let you play music and apps at the same time. Besides that great price, and great pictures.
Love it...I want to purchase another one, price went up. NOT HAPPY...
Great Product for the price.
Its really nice phone and worth to the price. I bought this to give as a gift to my uncle. He uses it for last one year without any issues..
Phone is great..came as advertised new in box and with all the accessories mentioned above. Also it runs on the android lollipop platform. .my only thing is its only got 4gb of space and I haven't found an SD card slot for it..still great but.
Came in excellent condition, everything works great
Still going strong! bought it for my wife. She dropped it in the toilet and we cleaned it up with alcohol and sticking it in rice. The dual sim is a cool feature but you have to set up everything each time. We use it for the BVI between the USVI and the VPN has to be put in now and then
Does more than I expected
Great phone
really needed a manual
Great Value, I use it for my kids, one is 15, one is 9, they are happy and so are my wife and I
Product came on time and works great
Great product. Fast shipping.
the product works great I purchased the phone for my mother for her birthday it is very nice and is not too technical for her to operate I will continue to purchase from the buyer as this order came as described and I am very happy
Love this phone. This phone was purchased to replace a phone that was stolen. Works great.
Nice phone so far.
good phone for the price
PERFECT PHONE NO PROBLEM
I've had this phone for a while now and I really like it. The size is perfect for me and I love that it has an extra chip slot for when I go home to the island I'm from. The phone is unlocked and its durable, I'm horrible and I use to drop it all the time until finally I got a case. It does have a weird little glitch though and every blue moon I have to shut it off or remove the battery so that it will unfreeze. I guess that is to BE expected of technology?
great pictures and works like a charm!
good
I loveit!
Nice phone would buy one again
Great
Came in quick. I was able to test it with T-Mobile SIM and AT&T SIM cards so Yes it is unlocked phone. I actually liked it that it is a dual SIM enabled phone. I will post more once I experience it little bit. 1st impression was great.
nice, works great the only thing i dont like about it is that the camera takes long to take the picture, but the quality of the pic is lovely
Great she love it
Work great.
It's awesome
Good
i love it
Excellent more than my expectation thanks.
VERY GOOD
Everything ok
Replaced my l ost phone
Purchased for traveling abroad to use with foreign Sim cards can't wait to try
I Like it! :DPros:- Outstanding Quad-Core Performance (like S5)- Great AF(Auto-focus) Camera with Flash- Can Add more storage (I used 32GB, and allows you to extend more apps and files)- Simple design HeadsetsCons:- None.I would like to recommend this Affordable phone to a friend.
Got exactly what I wanted.I was informed of my phone's location and it arrived on time .thank u
love it
Bought this as a gift for my younger brother. It's almost like the Galaxy S4. He's happy with it.
Great phone
Excellent Budget Phone. I was shocked and amazed that the phone shipped with android 5.1.1 Lollipop. The phone works well with T-Mobile HSPA+ network.
Product was ok. Camera quality isnt bad. I just tend to look like i filted my pics when i use it. Memory ok. Product came just a it should look with all accessories. Works fine so far. Package also came on time
great product
The phone worked well immediately. Once I set up my local data access configuration it connected with the internet and worked flawlessly. It is slightly larger than the S4 phone and is a preferable choice for men's hands. It's using a later version of Android than the S4 and is a bit more intuitive to use. There are no books published for this phone unfortunately.The battery is 25% larger than the Core Prime and with careful use it only needs recharging every four or five days.It's very nice to be able to get a phone this capable for less than $240.
Excellent budget smart phone from Samsung. Works perfectly with Tmobile.
Great phone at a great price!!
I bought this for my daughter she says it works good and she loves it.
Great
Great phone!I am using since it was received and everything is cool. It's a must have and recommend it.............
perfect
Excellent
Amazing phone, the best value for the price, dont hesitate to grab one
Great phone! Very fast and efficient. And the size is perfect!
Quick delivery. Product as advertised. Will see how it works over the next month
great for on the go!
Thank you for the excellent service you provided. Phone works great!!
Perfect for price range, extremely close to an S5 model. Worth the money. Not a super fast phone but not a slow one either.
I love it
This phone is awesome and you cannot expect anyting better than this within $180. It has dula sims, is unlocked, descent display size and works beautiful
great customer service. the phone is nice too.
I send a picture to friends and does not send I open an attachment from a msg doesnt open
veryyy goood
Love It!!!!
Excellent
Very nice
A step up from my Moto g 1 I had before. day light viewing not great. Appreciate the dual SIMAnd the price was right at $120
Good
Before purchasing this SUPERB phone, I had the Galaxy Grand (original) yet it was time to upgrade with another 5 inch screen phone and for me, this phone is still a very nice phone even one year later!My goal in this review is to give you the reasons why I love this phone and recommend it!
Excellent condition
Love it. The right size for a phone
Excellent phone for the price. I bought this when I was unemployed. By old phone stopped working. I was not willing to pay $400+ for a phone so I was hunting for a cheap good phone. This phone exceeded my expectation. All apps work great, sound quality is awesome, calling/texting is wonderful, last but not least: battery life is long!. If you cant afford Samsung Galaxy 6 or Iphone 6 or the likes of those phones, this is a nice alternative. Would recommend it to anyone.
The headphone sucks. The charger is just so so. The phone was moving inside the mail box. Only the phone is nice, other things are so so. Why the headphone and charger were made in Vietnam not China? If made in China the quality would be excellent !! Oh! Where is the receipt ?
Great product.
Easy to manage
The phone worked as expected.
very good!!
this phone is simply amazing,
Excelent!
bought it for my wife
Great phone!
I love it! Especially, the duos sim cads. Great phone at a great price.
Everything that I need is in this beautiful phone.
The phone has a bad lag at times but other than that, the phone came on time earlier than I expected and it works ok.
The picture is different
Great phone. Love the front and rear camera. Great picture quality
Phone works as expected except that there is an software logic error involving passwords when creating a Samsung account but I found a work around,
Pretty good soo far!! :D
Great product. Great seller.
new in box as advertised and works great. it is a dual sim card cell if that is something your looking for, Have gotten several complements and inquires as to the price and where I purchased this cell. Loving it...
It's perfect!!!
Value for money! Great user friendly phone!
Nice cell
Excellent phone. It was a present for my daughter and she is fascinated with it. The screen is really big and its definition is awesome. The front camera has a superb quality, that's why I chose this cell-phone. She is taking selfies all the time. The most outstanding feature of the product is life battery.
Everything I bought works great. I don't have any set backs yet.
Almost all good, as it came with European charger without adapter ...
I bought this phone as a replacement for my Galaxy S3 on the AT&T network.The beauty of this phone is the ease of setup. I swapped in my SIM card, my SD card, turned it on and signed into my Google account. All my contacts, text messages, apps, settings, even phone history all transferred automatically in less that 10 minutes.This works easily as well as my S3 and it's nice to have a newer phone with a nice bright screen and great battery life.I could only go about a day on my old S3, now can go 3 full days if I need to.No issues at all with the phone of setup. Very glad I purchased it...
Great
This phone is awesome!!!
Best
good
Love it , Fast delivery , came as described, works perfectly with great quality
Love this phone. Excellent camera.
Excellent I be loving my phone
Perfect
Product is excellent, very fast, only cons is indoor pics are not that clear
Working well so far.
Meet my expectations. Would definitely recommend it
Nice!
Love it
meets my expectations
This phone operate very well for me I have no problem after using it tor the last three weeks good buy for the money
good i love it
Its an awesome phone to have, i enjoy it
bueno
Fantastic
EXCELENTE
Great phone, play around to figure stuff out
Excellent phone for it's pricetag.
I bought this cellphone on wendsday afternoon's and it was there at my currier on Thursday, the seller was fast and everything i ordered was there , i was scared for the low ratings and review it has but thanks God i took the risk, the cellphone is amazing is cheap and gives you all the experience of a expensive cellphone i am enjoying it a lot!!
Excellent product recommended.
Excellent phone, colorfull screen, it suprised me because I was not sure because of the ppi density, but I am satisfied, Samsung has its magic. It is fast, I am still loading apps continues fast, so far.
Fantastic screen quality, great camera. This phone is faster and more efficient in battery consumption over the IPhone 4 I previously had. The sound quality is great while watching movies or just using the speaker phone. I strongly recommend this device for those looking for a smart phone but not willing to take out a private loan or second mortgage on their house.
After reading some of the reviews about what this phone was lacking, I was a little afraid to order it, but I must say it has exceeded my expectations. You can barely tell a difference between the color brightness of this phone and other Samsung phones and it's surprisingly fast. Overall very good phone for the price.
Well I love my phone actually arrived early before Christmas this phone is great I recommend it''
We Liked the iPhone case. Received as described in the add. Received on time.
It's good but too big for me
Nice cellphone
Hello I am very satisfied with the timely shipping , the product is what I expected , thanks
My parents love it as for their Christmas present.
Good s***
First smart phone I ever used. Works great. Since I am on the edge of T-Mobil service area, it normally logs on the my WiFi server and I can use all the time I want for free.None of my minutes show up on my T-Mobile bill! Long battery life, sharp screen, nice size, what's not to like?
Great phone. Fast, reliable, easy to use. Great value.
I bought this case put it on a new phone a week later ran over it with a car it broke the clip on the case but did not damage the phone I ordered another case it seems to be the best I've ever had and I've had a few
I have had an amazing experience with Samsung electronics, I would highly recommend them.
I bought this for my 12 yo son. It has all the bells and whistles of the much more expensive cousin to this phone. He's extremely hard on phones. He's gone through two iphones already. One lasted a week before shattering the glass despite having an otterbox. I was tired of shelling out money to replace it. After making the switch to android and samsung from apple, I suggested he do the same. He's obsessed with all the extra stuff you can do with android that you could not with apple. Plus the storage is expandable. I kept my 4s for years until it wouldn't hold anything unless I wiped it. I decided to go with a Samsung Note 5. It's so much better. If you are considering making the switch but don't want to drop a large amount of cash on a phone you'll hate, go with this one. It's perfect.
No problems so for I love it
We purchased this phone for my 15 year old son he absolutely loves it. we had it since Christmas have had no problems with it! We are even talking about purchasing another for my 10 year old great products would definitely recommend it!
So far, a great phone for the price. Battery charges fast and runs out slow.Fast start up.Programs open fast. No problems.
Hi this was a gift an I understand it is working good so thanks
This phone was for my husband who loves this phone because of its screen and function.
Great tablet, easy to use and handle. If you are looking for a tablet that your grandma can even use, i totally recommend it
This phone is amazing. Being a mom the camera is number one for me and this phones camera is outstanding. Call quality is wonderful and texting is as well. I got this phone when I got rid of my iPhone and I will never go back. It arrived earlier than the actual delivery date which I loved.:)
Great Phone!
It's like having a nice piece of jewelry. The one accessory I can't leave home without.
Perfect! Thank you!
Wow amazingly phone I'll give that an 9/10 cause its an 3g. I still love it 👍
Good
I returned it only because I fixed my current phone.
Speedy delivery. Item just as described.
The phone has all the features expensive ones have except 4G which is not a big deal nowadays since wifi is everywhere. Everything works as described.
Very good!
Very good.
The item is a good phone. The features of the camera are excellent but the quality of the pictures should be improved.
Great phone for price
We'll believe it or not this was the third time we buy the same phone. .me, my husband and my son. .we just need one more for my daughter. So I have puretalk usa phone plan..God pleas this company for their rates and they require unlock phone. .first I bought Samsung s5 with art which it did work well for a year then when they start to be contracted on some point with art the att soft work in the phone was interfiring with my phone service but after I bought this unlock international phone. .i have no problem at all..not only that. .in the future i can use this phone in Europe and middle east..yes I will buy this phone again
It is good phone
Very nice
I bought 3 of this phone From Amazon. The last one is little different and having android latest version. It's made specifically I think. Features are different than other grand prime . Awesome. U can go for it.
Great item at a reasonable price, great delivery, great source I would recommend and or purchase items again.
This was a gift and the receiver likes it very much!
Excellent package arrival. Package arrived early from its estimated time. Everything was nicely protected no damages to box. Gotta admit not what I expected its way better.
Good
I was unsure if this type of phone would feel my needs, and it actually did, and way more than I expected. It's fast! The screen quality and lightning is incredibly high! I feel like I was watching a HDTV. It's just amazing for everything, games, watching Netflix, and browsing, It's PERFECT!
Good condition
Bought it for my son and he loves it.
A great buy for anyone willing to spend not excessively for a smartphone yet get the taste of smartphone world. I gave this as a gift to my uncle. He loves it now.
The camera quality is better than my laptop's, the app setting potential is fair, there are a fair number of Samsung Galaxy prime accessories, batter life is phenominal . My only issue is that there is a lot of bloatware, there are barely two gb of usable memory. I put an 32 gb SD card in there but it still wont stop bugging me about storage space. Additionally, there is no Gyroscope you can't play vr games. This is my current phone and is great for the price but if it breaks, I'm getting a different one, and will be likely to spend more money.
Good
This phone is great! Best one I ever had.
great
The phone was brand new and worked perfectly.
Great leather case for my phone.
It's excellent
Clear picture right size good for the caribbean
Beats all android cheap phones. Functions adequately.
Really good phone for the money
Good
exelente
Great phone
My mom loves it
Used with straight talk and works awesome.
It's just simply nice and l loved it
Love it .
We've had this phone for almost a week. Easy set up. Works great so far. My daughter seems to love it.
Good
It's better than expected thanks
Very fast delivery, work good, and excellent price
Price is right
fast delivery... phone as expected....no complaints
The phone stopped working and I had to spend 50$ in a new battery because the battery didn't worked any more. what a shame!!!(Previous Review: the device works great. If you use a lot of apps who usually demand higher RAM this is not the kind of phone you would like to buy.)
My husband and I each got one of these phones in grey. We both think it's a great phone especially for the price. It came with headphones, a charger and an adapter all packaged in a neat box. It's fast, graphics are good and it's a nice sized phone. I would recommend it to a friend. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I'm not in love with the camera quality and it took a long time to ship.
Thank you
My sister loves it
got this for my teen. HE LOVES IT!works with any pay-as-you-go that we have used. Tracfone and straight talk.
Love it battery last long and its super fast
Good price and works well like S5. Resolution is not as good as S5 otherwise looks the same.
This was a great buy!
This phone is great to get if you are looking looking for something cheap but functional. The features are good and it takes great pictures. This is a good buy for the price, I absolutely do not regret it.
First phone abroad works excellent no problems
great
Loving this baby
The phone works great I love it the first day I got it.
It's really good. I'm liking it and it meets my expectation.
So far happy with my new phone
Takes 2 micro sim cards, large screen, does everything an andriod phone does. No regrets here especially for the price.
Love it it works at my island and don't need to unlock it.
Works great...saved lots of money.
we bought the 2nd set of the same brand. Love it
Super fast shipping. Ordered on a Wednesday, here by Friday! BUT I ordered the wrong phone on accident! Otherwise great buy!
Bought this for my dad as a gift and he is very happy
Very nice phone , for the price. If you are looking for a cheap very functional cell phone, this could be a really good option for you.
I'm happy with my cell
Bought for my daughter. She is 16 and it is right up her alley.
ALL GOOD . NO PROBLEM . RECOMMENDED
I love this phone. Its much better than the one I bought before. I have no idea how managed without this kind of phone but I am grateful for such a great phone. I hope to keep this phone for a lot longer time than before I have been lucky in the past with used phones to keep it for 6 months before it starts to mess up on me. But I am glad this was a brand new one that was perfect for what I needed it to do. Thanks to the Seller for such a wonderful phone.
Nice thank you
nice!!!!
hello pls tell me whats sim operator lock help me
Excelente
Excellent choice for a smartphone, fast, stable, lightweight and thin. Battery life as expected, basic accesories. I'm using it in Venezuela with Movilnet and Digitel, no problem. Plenty of memory for your apps.
Good
I love the phone, love everything!!! My third day with it an I'm still very happy.
It's OK had one before so I know it's good
Excellent.
Good
Works fine... Some times it freezes up or some of the apps becomes non responsive but once you reset the phone it works fine again
Actually, my purchase of this phone it was for a gift to send it overseas. I believe the person receiving it was very happy.
My mother loves it! She raves and raves about this phone and then shows it off to everyone she meets.
bought for my friend. No bad review from him.
It had to had more gigs
Great phone. No problem setting it up.
Bought this for my dad. He loves it! This is his first smart phone. Use it in Jamaica and it works for both Digicel and Flow Network.
Great phone. Exceeded my expectations.
GOOD
Good
Fast delivery.. came with original packaging, headphones, battery and all paperwork. Phone was easy to activate and I couldn't be happier!!!
Love this phone - works well, takes great pictures. Only down side is it is very touch sensitive and I have sent out several accidental pocket texts...lol
Great
I really love it
Once I realized that I needed to select the sim card (#1) it has worked like a charm. Good deal. Works well w/ T Mobile.
Good
Perfect
Works good
Ordered the Galaxy grand prime dual sims phone and was very pleased
Very good,in time,thanks.
Better than expected
excellent!
Awesome Phone for that price.
No complaints. Well packaged and had a year manufacturer's guarantee
Cute!!! ;)
really nice
excellent condition, phone came as advertised, its a good buy worth the money, so far so good
its a great phone and doesn't bring any unnecessary application, works very well.
Excellent more than my expectation thanks.
VERY GOOD
Everything ok
I really luke it but the appel m6 file is unable to move downloaded music fromage the internal to the externalisation storage eucharistie almost samsung do.
Good phone for the price.
Perfect!!!
The prducts are great I just order some too smal
THIS PHONE WORKS PERFECTLY, EXELENT CHOICE.
I buy this phone for a friend and he love it perfect.
perfect size.weight is just right.
Absolutely love my phone...Works well so far..
Good condition. Thanks
great customer service. the phone is nice too.
I send a picture to friends and does not send I open an attachment from a msg doesnt open
Loving It!
I have my grand since two months ago and i love it the cellphone goes very well i have been testing many games and it has no problem running the games. You will love the camera is great and it has many options to take a picture i enjoy selfie mode it is very nice and original you can use ur hand or ur voice to take a picture.Low price to a great smartphone :):)
Everything good and delivered in time.
No problems here. Love this phone!
Perfect
Great phone so far. Screen does look a little washed out, but it's nice, big, and decently fast. I use it with straight talk. I simply put my old SIM card in it and added the right APN. It DOES work in the US (with straight talk anyway) and although it doesn't get LTE it's still fast enough. Also if you call straight talk and set it up (I took easy way) you get 5 GBs of data for $45!!!
Great
Came super fast. I love it!
the phone works great. but when i ordered the phone i only got a usb port did not get a charger plus the plug that comes with the usb port is an english plug which we dont use those in America so i was pissed about that. now i have to us a Blu charger to charge my phone and it makes my phone very hot. you need to ship the correct products to customer
Very Good phone.
The phone works great, It arrived on time and was well packaged. I bought two phone and have had not problems at all.
ontime dilivery of product
Best line of phones. No complaints. Still going strong to this day.
Excelentee!!
love it
Very nice phn.works everything.no prolem at all. I love it. Thanks i made the wright choice.
Nothing
That phone works like the Samsung Galaxy s5 there is no difference between these 2 phone I love it
bought 2 nd time and working good just drop and broken last one.
This is a bargain item and love it so much. It works perfectly fine and would recommend it to anyone...happy buying!
ok
Good
This product was exactly the way I expected it to be... It was not for myself I purchase it but my said that she was very excited when she got.
Love my phone will soon buy another for my nephnew
Buena relación precio/valor
The best phone. I exceeded my expectations. The front camera is extraordinary. the operating system is brutal and it works pretty fast. I am very happy with my phone.
Very nice
Great phone. Does almost as much as the S5, but is much less expensive. It has a dual SIM and I'd unlocked so it's great for traveling. I bought it for my 12 year old and she loves it. It has enough memory so she can go crazy with the pics and videos without having to download and delete often. Great phone.
Love it , Fast delivery , came as described, works perfectly with great quality
Love this phone. Excellent camera.
Excellent I be loving my phone
I brought it for my mom she love it.Thank you.
I dint think this investment was going to be so great, I will tell anyone that need a side phoneor a phone to travel with this is a great buy very handy and it works great, this is a good investmentfor your dollar.
It was working fine from the day it was received. But after updating, it has started to lag a bit. Considering on resetting so it might get rid of the lag problem. As a note this has only 1 Gb of RAM.
I like it. Thanks
Excllent
in love with this dual sim phone! the gold colour is everything!it is fast, not heavy at all. Charging last enough to avoid you pemanently rush to plug in a every moment of the day.I received it as a gift and my sister ask me to order her 1. We both are happy with it.and for a Samsung... the price is very good because this phone is a really beauty inside and out!
Great phone! It charges quickly and responds immediately to commands. Good camera, also.
It work pretty damn good
not a perfect device, doesnt tell you theres no LED light or NFC with it but hey works faster than the last phone i had
Wonderful cell phone. More features than anticipated.
I have only had this phone for about a week now and I really enjoy it. I bought the gold one and it is really pretty. It functions the same as my Samsung Galaxy s4, s5 and almost any other Samsung as far as functionality goes. The system seems to be set up the same for my basic purposes at quite a fraction of the cost. The last s5 I bought cost close to 800 dollars and I am way happier with this cheaper phone than I was with the s5. I watch videos, make phone calls, text, Facebook, snap chat and online shopping of course with hardly any issues.This issues I have had so far is that for some reason my backspace button on my keyboard is finicky. I have even tried downloading a different keyboard app and I still have the same issue. I don't know if it's an issue with the screen or what. Also for some reason snap chat videos shows a green line to the far left of the screen, it doesn't really disrupt anything it's just odd that it's there. Last thing is that for some reason I can't get mms messages to go out or come in which can be extremely frustrating. I don't know if a technical support could help me with these issues or not. I've always had contract phones so I don't really know how customer support goes for a phone that's not on contract.I would definitely make this purchase again. Even with the little glitches, this is a good name brand phone and worth the money spent on it. I just hope that somehow I can smooth out the glitches to prevent further inconvenience. Hope this helps.
It's really a great phone and the shipping was also great ... I love it!!
Very Good Samsung Buy,Very Affordable Price,Great Product..Works Well!!!!!!.
Thank You !
excelent
working just fine so far, still can't figure out why this size and tech specs is so much less than a galaxy 5! but I am not complaining, not sure if yet if its the phone or straight talk, supposed to be able to get 4g lte, but so far that is not the case, not getting the down load speed I had with other 4g lte phones
Good shoppers
The best upgrade from more 2.Better speed sharp pictures light weight and more.
This is a very nice device. Nice display and easy to use. I like it a lot. Unfortunately, the 8 GB of memory is a shortfall for the device. The storage is used up very fast. I added external memory and that is where I store photos and such but there is still the matter with internal memory usage. Adding additional programs is an issue because they would rather be on the internal memory instead of the external memory and there is very little. 16 GB would be much nicer. One last issue would be registering this device with Samsung for the warranty. Apparently this device is meant to be sold in another country so registering it here in the USA is not possible. Samsung sent me a link to register the device for other countries but, I don't know what country to select. With that said, it has not been registered with Samsung. I've had it for about a month and it works great but if issues come up, I'm afraid I'll have nowhere to turn for help.
Nice phone. Works great so far with no issue's. We got this phone for our grandson for his birthday. He loves it.
It's a great phone happy I bought it
Really nice cell phone, great purchase!
Good
My daughter loves this phone! The gold color is pretty and works well where we live (Kansas).
good for the price
Very excellent, i love it.
I love it
Its fye
Bought this for my coworker. She was looking a cheap Samsung phone. She loves it. It works perfectly.
So far so good. Product is as described.
Low cost smart phone that works for my needs.
My first smartphone and I am amazed how powerful it is and how easy it is to use. The phone is from Vietnam, so there are a few problems with dealing with a foreign website. Very nice phone!
Bought this phone for my wife and she loves it. I personally like the compact size and the fact that you can use two sim cards from different carriers in it. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that it didn't have S-Voice. Great price too.
Very good item works perfectly fine had it for a while now and no problems have occured. Great seller and fast shipping
Thanks A++++
This phone is awesome!
A great buy for anyone willing to spend not excessively for a smartphone yet get the taste of smartphone world. I gave this as a gift to my uncle. He loves it now.
Good
This phone is great! Best one I ever had.
great
The phone was brand new and worked perfectly.
The headphone sucks. The charger is just so so. The phone was moving inside the mail box. Only the phone is nice, other things are so so. Why the headphone and charger were made in Vietnam not China? If made in China the quality would be excellent !! Oh! Where is the receipt ?
Great product.
Easy to manage
Its fast and takes great pictures... So far it all works great... My husband likes the phone!!
PERFECT PHONE NO PROBLEM
I've had this phone for a while now and I really like it. The size is perfect for me and I love that it has an extra chip slot for when I go home to the island I'm from. The phone is unlocked and its durable, I'm horrible and I use to drop it all the time until finally I got a case. It does have a weird little glitch though and every blue moon I have to shut it off or remove the battery so that it will unfreeze. I guess that is to BE expected of technology?
ok
Samsung Galaxy met my expectations and am very proud. with it.thank you.CT
love it
Love it...I want to purchase another one, price went up. NOT HAPPY...
Great Product for the price.
Its really nice phone and worth to the price. I bought this to give as a gift to my uncle. He uses it for last one year without any issues..
Phone is great..came as advertised new in box and with all the accessories mentioned above. Also it runs on the android lollipop platform. .my only thing is its only got 4gb of space and I haven't found an SD card slot for it..still great but.
Came in excellent condition, everything works great
Still going strong! bought it for my wife. She dropped it in the toilet and we cleaned it up with alcohol and sticking it in rice. The dual sim is a cool feature but you have to set up everything each time. We use it for the BVI between the USVI and the VPN has to be put in now and then
Great phone at a great price. I had a chance to use it for a few months and I have no complaints. Runs great, battery life is holding up well and no issues.
great dual sim phone for a family member in Jamaica
Very good
meets my expectations
good i love it
Its an awesome phone to have, i enjoy it
bueno
Fantastic
Good price and works well like S5. Resolution is not as good as S5 otherwise looks the same.
Replaced my l ost phone
Purchased for traveling abroad to use with foreign Sim cards can't wait to try
I Like it! :DPros:- Outstanding Quad-Core Performance (like S5)- Great AF(Auto-focus) Camera with Flash- Can Add more storage (I used 32GB, and allows you to extend more apps and files)- Simple design HeadsetsCons:- None.I would like to recommend this Affordable phone to a friend.
love it
I always love Samsung Phones. I just replaced my Samsung T211 phone tablet since I needed a smaller phone. This phone met all I wanted and expected from a phone. Awesome!
Great phone for a great price.
Very happy with this phone purchase. Looks and works great.
Nice Size Phone , Dual Sim is great
Good
the phone work great and arrived early, a little disappointed about the duty charge i wasn't expected
buy two months ago at $ 226, incredible as it has lowered the priceCell Excellent, very pleased with this phone
Great phone!
The phone has a bad lag at times but other than that, the phone came on time earlier than I expected and it works ok.
The picture is different
Great phone. Love the front and rear camera. Great picture quality
Great phone, play around to figure stuff out
great and fast ship store
I loved this phone however it did shatter soon after I got it but while it wasn't I loved it
Excellent
Nice and very complete phones
It arrived on time & pretty fast. Finally i found a phone that is actually unlocked. The phone is great I really like it, very nice quality for the price. Big screen. I've always been an iPhone fan still am, but until then for a android yes I highly recommend this galaxy. Love it. Especially the little camera features it has.
Bigger than in the photos, but very proportionatedIt works fine on all its features
Very fast shipment awesomeness
as I expected,great great great......
Great value for Samsung phone. This is an upgrade for me from an LG phone. I think I will enjoy this phone. Samsung makes great products.
Great phone at good price!!
Worked perfectly, Nice quality.Edit:Vibration no longer working, after 6 months use.
Good phone Great price
I bought this for my 12 yo son. It has all the bells and whistles of the much more expensive cousin to this phone. He's extremely hard on phones. He's gone through two iphones already. One lasted a week before shattering the glass despite having an otterbox. I was tired of shelling out money to replace it. After making the switch to android and samsung from apple, I suggested he do the same. He's obsessed with all the extra stuff you can do with android that you could not with apple. Plus the storage is expandable. I kept my 4s for years until it wouldn't hold anything unless I wiped it. I decided to go with a Samsung Note 5. It's so much better. If you are considering making the switch but don't want to drop a large amount of cash on a phone you'll hate, go with this one. It's perfect.
No problems so for I love it
We purchased this phone for my 15 year old son he absolutely loves it. we had it since Christmas have had no problems with it! We are even talking about purchasing another for my 10 year old great products would definitely recommend it!
So far, a great phone for the price. Battery charges fast and runs out slow.Fast start up.Programs open fast. No problems.
Hi this was a gift an I understand it is working good so thanks
Good
great
Received phone, set up quickly and works flawlessly so far. A great deal!Aug.19th, been a few weeks with heavy usage with phone, battery life is really great, and so far has not missed a beat. I am buying one for my son, he needs a reliable
I love my Samsung galaxy grand prime, thank you so much recommend this seller
At first I couldn't get my phone set up with Straighttalk which created a huge problem and I was about to send it back, then I figured it out on my own.pros; nice size display screen, takes great pictures and plenty of storage once you add a memory card, easy setup for any carrier, and lots of storage space for apps.cons: freezes up and turns off unexpectedly even though it says it has the latest software update, shabby charger that is pieced togetherIf you can deal with it freezing up sometimes then this is not a bad buy. The cost is quit similar to what you would pay for it in WalMart so be mindful of that.
Phone works great!
Very happy with this phone so far. Really like the design. I had a Samsung Galaxy before this one and did not want to spend the $600 to get another one.
nice phone
It is great just wished that it already came with a memory card so that I can have more storage on my phone.
It good
Very Nice. Good Good Good
Nice cellphone
Hello I am very satisfied with the timely shipping , the product is what I expected , thanks
Good s***
First smart phone I ever used. Works great. Since I am on the edge of T-Mobil service area, it normally logs on the my WiFi server and I can use all the time I want for free.None of my minutes show up on my T-Mobile bill! Long battery life, sharp screen, nice size, what's not to like?
Great phone. Fast, reliable, easy to use. Great value.
Great phone
Excellent Budget Phone. I was shocked and amazed that the phone shipped with android 5.1.1 Lollipop. The phone works well with T-Mobile HSPA+ network.
Excellent phone. It was a present for my daughter and she is fascinated with it. The screen is really big and its definition is awesome. The front camera has a superb quality, that's why I chose this cell-phone. She is taking selfies all the time. The most outstanding feature of the product is life battery.
Loving this baby
It's a great phone with fun apps.
Excelent
Excelent
IT LOOKS NICE, NARROW, I HAVE A 32 MICRO SD CARD IN IT, DOWNLOADING APPS, FEATURES, CAMERA ALL WORK EXCELLENT. SOMETIMES IT STOPS SCROLLING DOWN WHEN I VISIT A SHOPPING PAGE WITH LOTS OF PICTURES (ONLINE) BECAUSE IT NEEDS UPDATES... I HAVE TO ARROW BACK TO THE PREVIOUS PAGE W/O A PROBLEM. THEN START ALL OVER. :-/ OTHER THAN THAT, ITS A GOOD PHONE.
One of the best phone is ever had
Fantástic!!!!!@@
Good one for this price.
I order 2 grand primes for my parents just got them in yesterday, I put my sim card in and everything works fine, only thing I dont like is the media volume, is Low compared to S4 S5 but cant beat the price for this great phone. 4G LTE dont buy the DUOS those are 3G Turbos
I like the phone. It has many features I am happy with to include the voice activated camera and video and hand waving camera activation. Voice quality is good, size is great. The touch screen is sometimes slow to react though and I cannot get 4g LTE. Not sure if that is due to where I live or my cell plan or some other cause. 3g is fine for me.
I love this phone and the camera is working absolutely perfect and takes clear beautiful photos!
Exelent !!!!!!
phones work perfectly i am very satisfied with them
Product as described! Easy transaction! A+!
Over all good phone.
I love this phone..any kind that made by Samsung. ..love it.
Phone came quickly and in good working order. No issues or problems. Still using often. The only complaint we have is that it doesn't have much storage and it won't let you put very many things on the sd card.
One of the best cheapest android phone
Great phone...Very Very fast among all the elite phones out there...A few issues include:Doesnt connect to LTE signal well at all...Speaker is in a bad position...Doesnt have option for screen mirroring...Other than that the phobe is just great and for its price you cant go wrong...
you can not miss it
Excelent
Meets expectations. Great unlocked phone that can be used anywhere in the world.
This phone has all the features of the Samsung flagships Galaxy phones but at less then half the price. A great buy!!!
Love the price and the phone part. The down side is battery doesn't last long also the notification lights don't work.
Received this phone on Friday, for my husband and it was delivered in the 2-day time frame. He really likes his phone but we're both still getting use to them. I would highly recommend.
My friend said the size is good & little than original duos
OK
Very good
Great phone easy to use and set up love the color comes in original box with charged headphones and intrustions. Also I love the size its just what I wanted also it cute how it calls straittalk home where it says what service you have. I would defiantly say get this phone.
Very good
it's perfect especially the size and the color , I love it.
This phone is immediately updated to Lollipop as soon as it's turned on, so no worries.Please forgive the terrible webcam quality, but I've now had this phone for about three weeks and I adore it.
beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful , a good product all is perfect
the phone is fine, but model G531M absolutely does not support wi-fi calling, which I require. There are other models of the Galaxy Grand Prime that do support this function, this one does not.
I love the phone. Works smoothly, no glitches with apps. The only reason it's not 5 stars is I have issues with getting my carriers reception which I never had before.
I bought this for my mom. She usually has a hard time seeing screens and navigating through phones...BUT THIS PHONE SHE LOVES! The screen is large with great color and navigation is supremely easy. I have a Galaxy 6 Edge Plus and I really like this phone too! Well worth the money.
I bought this for my grandson as his first phone. He loves it and has had no problem with it.
The phone is exactly what was said about it works very well love it
Good phone
Samsung Grand Prime. Best Cell Phone I have owned yet. I have never had a bad Samsung product.
Thanks, came fast and as advertised
Very solid phone for the money. Kinda outdated now, I would recommend the Samsung J7 for a lower end phone, but this has worked well for us for over a year! It's pretty good and stable.
GOOD PHONE
powerfull processor, great permonce, nice phone. Only cons is the screen is not that colorfull and the audio volume is low when playing music trough speakers.
Good phone, as expected. Performance is as expected, but would be nice for it to be a little faster. Good options, lots of features.
excelent
god movil..!
Works great!
Cost of replacing screen in son's phone was more than this phone.Works great and no complaints with the "used" phone.
Excellent navigation and usability.
Good phone for a low price
Good phone
It is as described.
Work fine after some carrier configuration, no issues
Good phone
It is as described.
Good phone
It is as described.
Work fine after some carrier configuration, no issues
Loved it
Good
I purchased this phone for my 84 year old father. He has never been happier. Great phone. Great price. He has learned to use it very quickly. Very happy with my purchase.
My daughter was very pleased with it.
This phone has been wonderful and with it being water resistant I can enjoy it and not be so careful about keeping it hidden from my children.
Good computer. Not such a great phone. My old LG was more intuitive.
very good phone
Loooove it!!! Top notch customer service. Wonderful products
Great phone, especially compared to the Huawei piece of junk I lived with for two years while I was still paying t-mobile for it. Switched to the galaxy with AT&T and couldn't be happier.
Its bin a good phone so far.
Phone worked good when I got it now it's a Pisces of crap
I chose this seller because there was a 30 day money back guarantee and the price was competitive. This is my first smart phone and it arrived in excellent condition. I needed a new sim card which I got from my carrier and after a week of finding my way around the phone is all that I wanted it to be.
This is not as good as the note 4, but pretty good just the same. I would give it a full five stars, but it does not seem to want to update to the new android 6 operating system, but the note 4 has. The quality of the phone is good, it is easy to set up to Straight Talk with the right access point information. It takes decent pictures and has great sound quality. The battery life stinks, so we have bought an additional battery to charge while it is waiting, because if it runs the fitness app while jogging, it will be on 40% in two hours. All in all, it is a good phone, and worth the money spent to buy it used.
Works great.
No good charging usb phone connection. Insulation on cord already broken and peeled off! Naked wire braid, about an inch and a half, exposed! Only about a week and a half old. Terrible cord, great phone!
Expectation was meet.
Great phone. No problems with it.
This is an excellent phone! Very happy with it.
I had a Galaxy S3 and was spoiled by the features. It was damaged in an accident, and my company got me another phone. I finally saw this phone on Amazon and went to the ATT store to see it. Love the color, and how fast it is. The phone came in a box marked new and was unlocked. Popped in my ATT sim card and off I went. Great price and was exactly as the seller described it. I would purchase from Breed again. The phone has all of the neatest features someone could want on a phone. Works great on ATT 4LTE. So far battery life seems ok, although I purchased a Mugen Extended battery since I am on my phone all day long. The great thing is that the Android 4.3 update came out the day the phone arrived. Installed it and am playing with it now. Will add more later.
Phone failed after 2 or 3 days, HOWEVER, exchanging it was not an issue and I have very much enjoyed the now working phone I have received from them.
It was great
The Cellphone is perfect, i've bought it to use it in Colombia and it worked just fine.
GREAT ARRIVED ON TIME
I gat this phone for my step dad who's a farmer so he's hard on phones he's had it for a few months now without any problems it's been dunked in diesel run over put through a grain elevator banged up in about every way possible and it still works I would recommend this phone for any one who's hard on phones.
Thanks
Love my phone.
Great phone!
This was an upgrade for my wife after she broker the screen on her S3.It is a speedy phone with clear signal and call quality. The waterproof cover on the USB port does not stay put however, even after replacing it with a new one. I can recommend it as a nice phone that cost less than the S4, but I do not suggest you try under water photos with it.
it works fine.
Awesome phone. I love it.
love, love, love this phone. major upgrade from my droid 2, easy to use from day 1, on H2O wireless prepaid
Awesome phone! I regret not switching to Samsung sooner. So much better than my iPhone. Definitely won't be going back to Apple. Have so much more areas available to me to keep my personal and work life's in order, even on the go as much as I am. Seller was quick to ship and phone made it to me sooner than expected. Transaction was so easy and I hope to do business again in the future
Awesome phone I love it.
Great phone!
Nice phone!!! Only thing it that the usb cap was missing.
Excellent Phone
Hella of a good phone and the screen is amazing ...best phone for the money.....
I absolutely love the S4 Active. I'm on my third one :-) There are limits to the waterproofing and screen resiliance, but this is an awesome phone especially went you get rid of all the AT&T bloatware.
Overall I'm really happy. I brought this unlocked AT&T phone over to Straight Talk under the BYOP program and for the most part, no issues. BUT, I did have one big problem upgrading from Kit Kat to Lollipop. The update kept failing and I had to bring it into Best Buy to get it to update. Now it solved other issues I was having (like it kept forgetting wifi passwords), but now its having GPS tracking problems. Also there is a lot of AT&T bloatware on this thing. My advice: Don't upgrade. Root, flash a custom rom that you like and get rid of all the bloatware.I've dropped this a bunch of times and the only thing that broke so far is the Samsung memory card (still pissed Samsung is dragging their butt with their warranty claim on this one).
Excellent product and seller. I recommend both
still had the other person's phone numbers in it
Really like this phone. Purchased it twice. The second time from the Gizmo Trader via Amazon. Much more happy with the gizmo trader quality and quick service w/a 30 day full money back guarantee no questions asked. Almost like brand new with actual pictures of the phone you're purchasing. It also have the original charge port plug, no nicks or scratches on the bezel Amazon wonderful condition. Bought some matte ( non smudge or glare) screen protectors, Samsung Evo class 10 64GB micro sd card, handsome wires to connect to my television. Only downside is the 8 megapixel camera vs the 13 in the regular s4. It's also rated 6/7 for dust and water resistance. 6 is the highest for dust and 8 is the highest for water. I like this phone quality & style better than the s5 and s6 actives.Dust and water resistant phones are the only way to go. I did my homework on all the other brands that are competitive and this one takes the cake
I really appreciated the phone
Phone works great. Fast shipping. Very satisfied with purchase.
works great
Excellent!!! Great phone arrived days early- can't say enough very good sale
Great
Works good
Happy with product.
Still best phone ever. everything works right. as long as Im plugged in even got another batt... Just not used to all the powerful tools I guess. twas a blessing. thank you.
Great shape , just as described , would def use them for next phone purchase
GREAT PHONE
Awesome !!!! Works great no issues!!!
Shipped fast and shipped securely. It was packaged well. Item was exact. We used it with a Straight Talk sim card and works perfectly! We just had to call the tech line to get it properly setup. My girlfriend loves it. The Samsung S4 Active cell cases are a tad difficult to find though. Or rather, a good quality case. But the cell itself came exactly as discribed. Software was up to date and phone was at factory reset. I couldn't ask for a better deal.
Excellent seller. Highly recommend.
Seller did a great job, quick shipping and everything was operational as it should. However, I am not crazy about the phone it self. Believe I am going to try the HTC M9 when it becomes available.
Everything looks and works great. Shipping was slower than was expected.
the phone is everything i expected and more its look is almost brand new everything is working no complain...
Bought this for my GF for her birthday and she loves it. Nice upgrade over her S3. I'm an iphone guy myself but it does seem like a good phone. Like the waterproof feature.
Good
has very good quality was what I expected
A little pricey for last year's model, but cheaper than buying via a 2 year contract. Picture and title stated color as blue, description stated color as gray. Product shipped was gray. I didn't care which color I received, just thought it was confusing not knowing what color I was buying. Overall satisfied with purchase.
I purchased it for $100 less than ATT store on Amazon and it is meeting up to my expectations. I like that it is water resistant.
I bought a refurbished phone and couldn't be happier. I only wish I had used this service before.In fact, I recommend someone needing a new phone take advantage of this option as opposed togetting one from the service.
Phone working great so far.
Great Phone..
good quality
Received quick. Product new and if not unable to notice.
Like the phone. Having a few minor problems and don't know if it's the phone or the operator. Yes I would recommend this product and the seller.
This is the 2nd S4 active I've ordered, this one as a gift. Works great. No issues. Fast shipping.
as describe good price
Love this phone. It's a little big, but the phone itself is nicely setup with a pretty fast OS and some phone-specific features that are a must-have for anyone hard on their phones. Added an otterbox defender case to it, so I'm hoping it'll end up virtually indestructible. It says there's an aqua mode for taking pics underwater, but I haven't tried it yet. Will update if anything goes terribly wrong with their claims.
Received as mentioned on the adv. working very fine.
Loved it
Good
This phone has been wonderful and with it being water resistant I can enjoy it and not be so careful about keeping it hidden from my children.
Good computer. Not such a great phone. My old LG was more intuitive.
very good phone
Loooove it!!! Top notch customer service. Wonderful products
Great phone, especially compared to the Huawei piece of junk I lived with for two years while I was still paying t-mobile for it. Switched to the galaxy with AT&T and couldn't be happier.
Its bin a good phone so far.
Phone worked good when I got it now it's a Pisces of crap
Great phone for the money. This phone works fast and smooth. The battery last for days for me. I am not on the phone all day every day so I expect battery life to vary by user. It is a nice size if you are like me and don't care for the really big smart phones. I use it with a sim card from straight talk with no issues at all. The pictures are good. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for an unlocked phone for a good price and high quality.
The phone is pretty good, I only thought that the cameras were better.Pics are horrible with small luminosity.
I have been looking for a mini, good quality, low cost, unlocked smartphone. I think thats is it
Item as described, good value, works good.
Good product and service
Worked as stated.
GOOD phone
Excellent product..
I love this phone! It works great and does what I want. I can video chat with no problem. It's a nice size so I can read the screen clearly. It was more expensive from Amazon than if I'd gotten it from my carrier, Straight Talk, though.
Very happy with purchase
I like the phone so far. For the price it is a reasonable thing. I am only skeptical because the box was not sealed, which is very disturbing.Pro: comes with earphone.Con: charger is too short and very low quality. Also, no USB cable.
Wife really likes it.
Great phone. Perfect size. Don't feel like I'm holding a tablet to my ear!
Grate
Good, only takes too time, or more than normal, to connect the call. I don't know why.... Cammera takes nice pictures, just that I wanted
Excellent product, 100% recomended. Unlocked phone. Validy for Ecuador.
Good
good quality and very good price
the phone is fast accurate and does every thing I want the wife loves hers also
I just received my Samsung SM-J120M/DS Galaxy J1 2016 Duos 4G LTE yesterday. If you want to know if this phone is compatible in a certain country check out frequencycheck on the web. Turns out this phone is compatible with 2G,3G,4G and 4GLTE in the US and many-many other countries while using 16 frequency bands. No CDMA bands on this phone though. Other more expensive phones like the Samsung G7 use 26 bands, but it also depends on the variant of that phone. i.e this is the Samsung Galaxy j1 2016 j120M/DS(North America version) there is also the J120FN, J120F/DS ,J120H/DS,and J120P variant. Each variant is made for a specific country or region. I dropped a star because it only has 8gigs of rom and 1 gig of ram. I would prefer at least 16 and 2, but that cost more. The phone seems to run just fine with 8 and 1 gig of ram though. Lollipop 5.1.1 runs at a quick pace the ability to multi task multiple apps . I read that Marshmallow can manage overhead memory better that Lollipop and has better power saving features, however I fear any possible marshmallow bugs and I'm quite satisfied with Lolli for the moment. I just let my phone perform updates today and it just modified lollipop it did not upgrade to marshmallow. I loaded temple run 2 and it takes a while to load, but runs smoothly. This phone came with about 3.6 gigs of free space out of 8 on the phone after the os, updates by user and factory installed apps. I did buy an external 32gb sd card as well. Apps will transfer to the sd card but only about 40% to 50%, this is a android issue, not the phone. The camera will id the sd card and use it for photos. Not too much bloat wear on this phone in my opinion. This phone is intended for North America, but after a five minute phone call(phone instructions) can be used internationally. I have not made that call yet. FYI beware of other vendors on Amazon selling the single sim version even though they advertise the duos version. A vendor told me that they had a mixed bag of single and double sim versions and would not be able to tell which type was shipped. The vendor Lifeline786 however did ship the correct dual sim to me. Good job Lifeline786! Be sure to contact the vendor prior to ordering.July 2016 Update: I traveled overseas(Indonesia) with this phone and used two different sim cards from two different companies. Both cards were able to give use 2g,3g, H+ and LTE in the overseas locations. However ATT tech support, here in the USA, was not able to affiliate the phones for LTE service. The tech said they didn't know why. We do get 2g,3g, H+ or 4G but no LTE with ATT. Also that five minute phone call needed to affiliate this phone in other countries is not really needed. We just worked with the sim card providers and they got our phone working. As far as using the phone, most apps work fine. Although memory management is required. Some apps take a lot of space. You only have about 4 gigs rom(plus sharing of space to the sd card) of space to use after the OS and factory software takes half of the 8gigs rom. Having only 1 gig of ram seems to be plenty I will often simply shut down apps running in the background and Lolipop OS 5.1.1 makes this easy.
Good
good quality and very good price
the phone is fast accurate and does every thing I want the wife loves hers also
I just received my Samsung SM-J120M/DS Galaxy J1 2016 Duos 4G LTE yesterday. If you want to know if this phone is compatible in a certain country check out frequencycheck on the web. Turns out this phone is compatible with 2G,3G,4G and 4GLTE in the US and many-many other countries while using 16 frequency bands. No CDMA bands on this phone though. Other more expensive phones like the Samsung G7 use 26 bands, but it also depends on the variant of that phone. i.e this is the Samsung Galaxy j1 2016 j120M/DS(North America version) there is also the J120FN, J120F/DS ,J120H/DS,and J120P variant. Each variant is made for a specific country or region. I dropped a star because it only has 8gigs of rom and 1 gig of ram. I would prefer at least 16 and 2, but that cost more. The phone seems to run just fine with 8 and 1 gig of ram though. Lollipop 5.1.1 runs at a quick pace the ability to multi task multiple apps . I read that Marshmallow can manage overhead memory better that Lollipop and has better power saving features, however I fear any possible marshmallow bugs and I'm quite satisfied with Lolli for the moment. I just let my phone perform updates today and it just modified lollipop it did not upgrade to marshmallow. I loaded temple run 2 and it takes a while to load, but runs smoothly. This phone came with about 3.6 gigs of free space out of 8 on the phone after the os, updates by user and factory installed apps. I did buy an external 32gb sd card as well. Apps will transfer to the sd card but only about 40% to 50%, this is a android issue, not the phone. The camera will id the sd card and use it for photos. Not too much bloat wear on this phone in my opinion. This phone is intended for North America, but after a five minute phone call(phone instructions) can be used internationally. I have not made that call yet. FYI beware of other vendors on Amazon selling the single sim version even though they advertise the duos version. A vendor told me that they had a mixed bag of single and double sim versions and would not be able to tell which type was shipped. The vendor Lifeline786 however did ship the correct dual sim to me. Good job Lifeline786! Be sure to contact the vendor prior to ordering.July 2016 Update: I traveled overseas(Indonesia) with this phone and used two different sim cards from two different companies. Both cards were able to give use 2g,3g, H+ and LTE in the overseas locations. However ATT tech support, here in the USA, was not able to affiliate the phones for LTE service. The tech said they didn't know why. We do get 2g,3g, H+ or 4G but no LTE with ATT. Also that five minute phone call needed to affiliate this phone in other countries is not really needed. We just worked with the sim card providers and they got our phone working. As far as using the phone, most apps work fine. Although memory management is required. Some apps take a lot of space. You only have about 4 gigs rom(plus sharing of space to the sd card) of space to use after the OS and factory software takes half of the 8gigs rom. Having only 1 gig of ram seems to be plenty I will often simply shut down apps running in the background and Lolipop OS 5.1.1 makes this easy.
I love this phone! It works great and does what I want. I can video chat with no problem. It's a nice size so I can read the screen clearly. It was more expensive from Amazon than if I'd gotten it from my carrier, Straight Talk, though.
Very happy with purchase
I like the phone so far. For the price it is a reasonable thing. I am only skeptical because the box was not sealed, which is very disturbing.Pro: comes with earphone.Con: charger is too short and very low quality. Also, no USB cable.
Wife really likes it.
Great phone. Perfect size. Don't feel like I'm holding a tablet to my ear!
Grate
Good, only takes too time, or more than normal, to connect the call. I don't know why.... Cammera takes nice pictures, just that I wanted
Excellent product, 100% recomended. Unlocked phone. Validy for Ecuador.
Great phone for the money. This phone works fast and smooth. The battery last for days for me. I am not on the phone all day every day so I expect battery life to vary by user. It is a nice size if you are like me and don't care for the really big smart phones. I use it with a sim card from straight talk with no issues at all. The pictures are good. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for an unlocked phone for a good price and high quality.
The phone is pretty good, I only thought that the cameras were better.Pics are horrible with small luminosity.
I have been looking for a mini, good quality, low cost, unlocked smartphone. I think thats is it
Item as described, good value, works good.
Good product and service
Worked as stated.
GOOD phone
Excellent product..
Good
All Ok
it's very nice
Muy bueno
Celular 100%funcional en venezuela
Great buy, good supplier
Very good cellphone
Works like a charm in Brazil. All good. GREAT!
Easy to set up. Haven't tried putting in a chip from an international company, but on wi-fi it works fast.
Works really well
great
Useful
Useful
This is an awesome phone which I purchased for my mother. She is pretty happy with it. One thing that stands out is the seller "JP mobiles". They ships promptly, packaging & customer service was really good.
Arrived on time. New phone. Works as expected.
Very good cell phone functionally, I am very satisfied
Smaller then expected
Great phone, worked in South America as listed.
Good product and service
Good phone for it's price
Nice phone! good price!
A1 and works very well
Excellent
Excellent cell phone
GOOD
excellent
GREAT MATERIAL, ORIGINAL BOX AND CABLES, COMPLETELY SEAL, WITH NOT ISSUES. FAST SHIPPING
It's a good phone. Simple. Especially if you don't really want to spend more for the bigger ones.
Great phone! Easy to use and also good value for money.
It's good
Slim and beautiful, it worth the buck!
I bought several months ago and the phone still works great. Not bad for the price. I have dropped it several times and the glass did not break and works outstanding. Excellent phone to make calls, text, and even the internet.
Good unlocked phone
Very nice product.
Internationally, it works great. Had my doubts but so far I can't complain. I'll update if something else comes up.
I'm giving 5 stars because it's exactly what I thought it was, exactly as advertised. I'm a non gamer and I used this phone for texting and voice calls. I bought because of the size. Added sim card and micro sd 32GB card and both accepted right away. I love the feel of this phone in my hand. I use a few apps such as weather and news. Has worked perfectly so far. I feel it is priced very fairly for the features you get.
thanks good price
This is a Samsung. New technology. Great product.
Perfect loved it with dual sim. Only gave 4 stars cus it was too small for me n had to return it.
below $100. it is a steal. I have no complains.
I bought several months ago and the phone still works great. Not bad for the price. I have dropped it several times and the glass did not break and works outstanding. Excellent phone to make calls, text, and even the internet.
Good unlocked phone
Very nice product.
I'm giving 5 stars because it's exactly what I thought it was, exactly as advertised. I'm a non gamer and I used this phone for texting and voice calls. I bought because of the size. Added sim card and micro sd 32GB card and both accepted right away. I love the feel of this phone in my hand. I use a few apps such as weather and news. Has worked perfectly so far. I feel it is priced very fairly for the features you get.
thanks good price
Great phone!
Great product and the price was right
There are a few variations of the Samsung J1 Mini around. I was worried because I read that Samsung has specific models for Europe X Americas. This is exactly the same model sold in Brazil and it works as described by the seller. I suppose it works in the US with most carriers as it is an unlocked phone. There are several options of displayed languages, including English. It's a budget phone and it's not dissatisfying, however, not a lot of memory for lots of apps installed and it will slow down with more than a few apps running at the same time. However, it does work well for me, inexpensive, used as a phone, WhatsApp works well, GPS maps and calendar. Seller delivered in time, with the right packaging.
great quality phone for price
No
Everythink ok
Excellent
Phone is excellent. I made a great choice.
Pretty basic smartphone not bad for the price sent it To El Salvador and works great.
Works great so far
My mother in law needed a phone. She is not a power user and just wanted something basic. This phone has all the basic android features and is pretty snappy. Plus having a dual sim card slot is great because we put in a US and a foreign sim card in it making it easier for her travels.
Bought his for me but passed it to my son fir his birthday. Has no chip as yet. Plan to use it in few weeks when we go Jamaica. Hope it works. Also have netflix but cannot connect to my tv
very good product it Works just as I expected...
my son loves the phone...
Like dual sim
Very modern
Great phone!
Great product and the price was right
There are a few variations of the Samsung J1 Mini around. I was worried because I read that Samsung has specific models for Europe X Americas. This is exactly the same model sold in Brazil and it works as described by the seller. I suppose it works in the US with most carriers as it is an unlocked phone. There are several options of displayed languages, including English. It's a budget phone and it's not dissatisfying, however, not a lot of memory for lots of apps installed and it will slow down with more than a few apps running at the same time. However, it does work well for me, inexpensive, used as a phone, WhatsApp works well, GPS maps and calendar. Seller delivered in time, with the right packaging.
great quality phone for price
No
Everythink ok
Excellent
Works great so far
My mother in law needed a phone. She is not a power user and just wanted something basic. This phone has all the basic android features and is pretty snappy. Plus having a dual sim card slot is great because we put in a US and a foreign sim card in it making it easier for her travels.
Bought his for me but passed it to my son fir his birthday. Has no chip as yet. Plan to use it in few weeks when we go Jamaica. Hope it works. Also have netflix but cannot connect to my tv
Phone is excellent. I made a great choice.
Pretty basic smartphone not bad for the price sent it To El Salvador and works great.
Works great so far
My mother in law needed a phone. She is not a power user and just wanted something basic. This phone has all the basic android features and is pretty snappy. Plus having a dual sim card slot is great because we put in a US and a foreign sim card in it making it easier for her travels.
Bought his for me but passed it to my son fir his birthday. Has no chip as yet. Plan to use it in few weeks when we go Jamaica. Hope it works. Also have netflix but cannot connect to my tv
Great phone!
Great product and the price was right
There are a few variations of the Samsung J1 Mini around. I was worried because I read that Samsung has specific models for Europe X Americas. This is exactly the same model sold in Brazil and it works as described by the seller. I suppose it works in the US with most carriers as it is an unlocked phone. There are several options of displayed languages, including English. It's a budget phone and it's not dissatisfying, however, not a lot of memory for lots of apps installed and it will slow down with more than a few apps running at the same time. However, it does work well for me, inexpensive, used as a phone, WhatsApp works well, GPS maps and calendar. Seller delivered in time, with the right packaging.
great quality phone for price
No
Everythink ok
Excellent
very good product it Works just as I expected...
my son loves the phone...
Like dual sim
Very modern
Received on time from JP Mobiles. This is a phone from the Philippines, but it was very easy to change the language to USA English. For some reason I thought it was going to come with Android Jelly Bean, but mine came with Kit Kat 5.1.1 -- which is what I am used to from my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. The size (approx. 4-3/4" x 2-1/2" x 1/2") of the phone is just right for me. I tend to leave the purchasing of the latest cutting-edge gadgets to people who want to pay more. (I'm not cheap! Just thrifty...) My phone came packaged very securely and with charger and plug-in head set.
great
Thanks a lot !! I received earlier than you told me and is wonderful battery, never discharge
Excellent product, as expected
Fast shipping and reliable product.
very good product.
Sweet
🖒
Good product and service
Great phone with less of the newer options but works great for me.
Excellent phone
It was perfect
Good
Good product.
ni comment
Excelente
Good phone.
I recently retired, and I bought this to replaces my work phone - a Galaxy S5. I notice no difference in quality, although it is physically a little clunky. Of course that's to be expected for the price.The Good:- This unit has a lot of nice features for an inexpensive phone. It has almost everything that I'm used to on the S5. It seems as fast as the S5 for downloads and streaming, although that might be attributed to the carrier - I had T-Mobile on the S5 and Consumer Cellular on this phone.- In general I'm satisfied with this device . I was looking for something that works like the S5, but smaller, and this fits the billThe Bad:- The camera leaves a bit to be desired. For one thing there's no flash. I'm use to having one and I wasn't paying close enough attention when Iordered it. - my own fault. Also, I haven't been able to take a decent close-up photo, and I can't find a macro focus setting for taking pics of business cards etc. Also, it doesn't give the option of resizing when you share a picture via text.-Other notes- I had a problem with a "Sim card not present" error until I discovered that the guy at Target who activated the phone didn't use the micro adapter, and the Sim had shifted slightly. It's fine now that I added the adapter.- For some reason I can't test a photo when connected via WiFi, I have to enable mobile data. Everything else seems to work fine through WiFi.
Received on time from JP Mobiles. This is a phone from the Philippines, but it was very easy to change the language to USA English. For some reason I thought it was going to come with Android Jelly Bean, but mine came with Kit Kat 5.1.1 -- which is what I am used to from my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. The size (approx. 4-3/4" x 2-1/2" x 1/2") of the phone is just right for me. I tend to leave the purchasing of the latest cutting-edge gadgets to people who want to pay more. (I'm not cheap! Just thrifty...) My phone came packaged very securely and with charger and plug-in head set.
Excellent device for this price.
Excelente
No
Phone was good as mentioned
good product good price
Perfect small size I was looking for. I did keep the phone, BUT I do miss the macro lens on the camera more than i thought I would.
Excellent product, as expected
Fast shipping and reliable product.
very good product.
Is ok but take long time to be shipin
Received on time from JP Mobiles. This is a phone from the Philippines, but it was very easy to change the language to USA English. For some reason I thought it was going to come with Android Jelly Bean, but mine came with Kit Kat 5.1.1 -- which is what I am used to from my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. The size (approx. 4-3/4" x 2-1/2" x 1/2") of the phone is just right for me. I tend to leave the purchasing of the latest cutting-edge gadgets to people who want to pay more. (I'm not cheap! Just thrifty...) My phone came packaged very securely and with charger and plug-in head set.
great
Sweet
🖒
Good product and service
Great phone with less of the newer options but works great for me.
Excellent phone
It was perfect
Excellent product, as expected
Fast shipping and reliable product.
very good product.
Is ok but take long time to be shipin
Good
Good product.
ni comment
Excelente
Good phone.
I recently retired, and I bought this to replaces my work phone - a Galaxy S5. I notice no difference in quality, although it is physically a little clunky. Of course that's to be expected for the price.The Good:- This unit has a lot of nice features for an inexpensive phone. It has almost everything that I'm used to on the S5. It seems as fast as the S5 for downloads and streaming, although that might be attributed to the carrier - I had T-Mobile on the S5 and Consumer Cellular on this phone.- In general I'm satisfied with this device . I was looking for something that works like the S5, but smaller, and this fits the billThe Bad:- The camera leaves a bit to be desired. For one thing there's no flash. I'm use to having one and I wasn't paying close enough attention when Iordered it. - my own fault. Also, I haven't been able to take a decent close-up photo, and I can't find a macro focus setting for taking pics of business cards etc. Also, it doesn't give the option of resizing when you share a picture via text.-Other notes- I had a problem with a "Sim card not present" error until I discovered that the guy at Target who activated the phone didn't use the micro adapter, and the Sim had shifted slightly. It's fine now that I added the adapter.- For some reason I can't test a photo when connected via WiFi, I have to enable mobile data. Everything else seems to work fine through WiFi.
Received on time from JP Mobiles. This is a phone from the Philippines, but it was very easy to change the language to USA English. For some reason I thought it was going to come with Android Jelly Bean, but mine came with Kit Kat 5.1.1 -- which is what I am used to from my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. The size (approx. 4-3/4" x 2-1/2" x 1/2") of the phone is just right for me. I tend to leave the purchasing of the latest cutting-edge gadgets to people who want to pay more. (I'm not cheap! Just thrifty...) My phone came packaged very securely and with charger and plug-in head set.
Excellent device for this price.
Excelente
No
Phone was good as mentioned
good product good price
Perfect small size I was looking for. I did keep the phone, BUT I do miss the macro lens on the camera more than i thought I would.
Sweet
🖒
Good product and service
Great phone with less of the newer options but works great for me.
Excellent phone
It was perfect
Thanks a lot !! I received earlier than you told me and is wonderful battery, never discharge
great
Sweet
🖒
Good product and service
Great phone with less of the newer options but works great for me.
Excellent phone
It was perfect
Excellent product, as expected
Fast shipping and reliable product.
very good product.
Is ok but take long time to be shipin
Good
Good product.
ni comment
Excelente
Good phone.
I recently retired, and I bought this to replaces my work phone - a Galaxy S5. I notice no difference in quality, although it is physically a little clunky. Of course that's to be expected for the price.The Good:- This unit has a lot of nice features for an inexpensive phone. It has almost everything that I'm used to on the S5. It seems as fast as the S5 for downloads and streaming, although that might be attributed to the carrier - I had T-Mobile on the S5 and Consumer Cellular on this phone.- In general I'm satisfied with this device . I was looking for something that works like the S5, but smaller, and this fits the billThe Bad:- The camera leaves a bit to be desired. For one thing there's no flash. I'm use to having one and I wasn't paying close enough attention when Iordered it. - my own fault. Also, I haven't been able to take a decent close-up photo, and I can't find a macro focus setting for taking pics of business cards etc. Also, it doesn't give the option of resizing when you share a picture via text.-Other notes- I had a problem with a "Sim card not present" error until I discovered that the guy at Target who activated the phone didn't use the micro adapter, and the Sim had shifted slightly. It's fine now that I added the adapter.- For some reason I can't test a photo when connected via WiFi, I have to enable mobile data. Everything else seems to work fine through WiFi.
Received on time from JP Mobiles. This is a phone from the Philippines, but it was very easy to change the language to USA English. For some reason I thought it was going to come with Android Jelly Bean, but mine came with Kit Kat 5.1.1 -- which is what I am used to from my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. The size (approx. 4-3/4" x 2-1/2" x 1/2") of the phone is just right for me. I tend to leave the purchasing of the latest cutting-edge gadgets to people who want to pay more. (I'm not cheap! Just thrifty...) My phone came packaged very securely and with charger and plug-in head set.
Excellent device for this price.
Excelente
No
Phone was good as mentioned
good product good price
Perfect small size I was looking for. I did keep the phone, BUT I do miss the macro lens on the camera more than i thought I would.
great
Sweet
🖒
Good product and service
Great phone with less of the newer options but works great for me.
Excellent phone
It was perfect
Thanks a lot !! I received earlier than you told me and is wonderful battery, never discharge
I bought several months ago and the phone still works great. Not bad for the price. I have dropped it several times and the glass did not break and works outstanding. Excellent phone to make calls, text, and even the internet.
Good unlocked phone
Very nice product.
Internationally, it works great. Had my doubts but so far I can't complain. I'll update if something else comes up.
I'm giving 5 stars because it's exactly what I thought it was, exactly as advertised. I'm a non gamer and I used this phone for texting and voice calls. I bought because of the size. Added sim card and micro sd 32GB card and both accepted right away. I love the feel of this phone in my hand. I use a few apps such as weather and news. Has worked perfectly so far. I feel it is priced very fairly for the features you get.
thanks good price
This is a Samsung. New technology. Great product.
Perfect loved it with dual sim. Only gave 4 stars cus it was too small for me n had to return it.
below $100. it is a steal. I have no complains.
This is a Samsung. New technology. Great product.
Perfect loved it with dual sim. Only gave 4 stars cus it was too small for me n had to return it.
below $100. it is a steal. I have no complains.
I bought several months ago and the phone still works great. Not bad for the price. I have dropped it several times and the glass did not break and works outstanding. Excellent phone to make calls, text, and even the internet.
Good unlocked phone
Very nice product.
Internationally, it works great. Had my doubts but so far I can't complain. I'll update if something else comes up.
I'm giving 5 stars because it's exactly what I thought it was, exactly as advertised. I'm a non gamer and I used this phone for texting and voice calls. I bought because of the size. Added sim card and micro sd 32GB card and both accepted right away. I love the feel of this phone in my hand. I use a few apps such as weather and news. Has worked perfectly so far. I feel it is priced very fairly for the features you get.
thanks good price
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
To me is perfect
I was reluctant to purchase this phone because it has no warranty. However I decided it was worth the risk and purchased it, and I am very glad that I did. This is a great phone. It has very clear communication with phone calls, and is extremely fast with internet functions. The battery is lasting for 40 to 48 hours on a charge. The included ear buds are great. I did not even know they were included. They sound fantastic when playing music, and there is a built in microphone for when a phone call comes in while you are playing music.I have been using this phone for 3 weeks, and I am so happy with it that I purchased another one for my wife. She received hers in 3 days and is also very satisfied.
Great phone for a good price
This Samsung J2 phone was made in Argentina. If you are in the United States, you cannot register a J2 phone on your account on Samsung.com. This is Amazon.com, so this may be important for US residents. This phone has a Region Lock. It says to call anywhere for 5+ minutes to unlock the Region Lock. I am on my way to Europe, so this is a very annoying needless step, that cost me $20 to get a SIM and Minutes. The phone works in the US. Android works. BUT, in the US, we consumers demand transparency. Opening the box, and having the flyer fall out with the "Region Lock" info, was frightening. Not being able to register the product on Samsung.com means 1) I can't register it, and 2) obtaining "warranty" service might be non-existent, according to the US Samsung call center representative. At that point, the $138 might mean I bought a "disposable" phone.Update May 9 2016: I did use the phone service in the US for the required 5+ minutes in order to meet the requirements of the Region Lock. I'm now in Europe and have Vodaphone voice and data service, both of which work as expected.
I like
Featured Product of the Agreement
Excellent phone at a good price. I can tell it doesn't have the power of my SGS6, but it works perfect for a travel phone.
Phone was received as advertised: new, in closed box, and works perfectly.
Excellent quality. No issues whatsoever.
AN EXCELLENT PHONE. I CAN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Good Tab
Excelent product, the onny small detail is the total internal memory, but it works great.
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
To me is perfect
I was reluctant to purchase this phone because it has no warranty. However I decided it was worth the risk and purchased it, and I am very glad that I did. This is a great phone. It has very clear communication with phone calls, and is extremely fast with internet functions. The battery is lasting for 40 to 48 hours on a charge. The included ear buds are great. I did not even know they were included. They sound fantastic when playing music, and there is a built in microphone for when a phone call comes in while you are playing music.I have been using this phone for 3 weeks, and I am so happy with it that I purchased another one for my wife. She received hers in 3 days and is also very satisfied.
Great phone for a good price
This Samsung J2 phone was made in Argentina. If you are in the United States, you cannot register a J2 phone on your account on Samsung.com. This is Amazon.com, so this may be important for US residents. This phone has a Region Lock. It says to call anywhere for 5+ minutes to unlock the Region Lock. I am on my way to Europe, so this is a very annoying needless step, that cost me $20 to get a SIM and Minutes. The phone works in the US. Android works. BUT, in the US, we consumers demand transparency. Opening the box, and having the flyer fall out with the "Region Lock" info, was frightening. Not being able to register the product on Samsung.com means 1) I can't register it, and 2) obtaining "warranty" service might be non-existent, according to the US Samsung call center representative. At that point, the $138 might mean I bought a "disposable" phone.Update May 9 2016: I did use the phone service in the US for the required 5+ minutes in order to meet the requirements of the Region Lock. I'm now in Europe and have Vodaphone voice and data service, both of which work as expected.
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
I like
Featured Product of the Agreement
Excellent phone at a good price. I can tell it doesn't have the power of my SGS6, but it works perfect for a travel phone.
Phone was received as advertised: new, in closed box, and works perfectly.
Excellent quality. No issues whatsoever.
AN EXCELLENT PHONE. I CAN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Good Tab
Excelent product, the onny small detail is the total internal memory, but it works great.
I like
Featured Product of the Agreement
Excellent phone at a good price. I can tell it doesn't have the power of my SGS6, but it works perfect for a travel phone.
Phone was received as advertised: new, in closed box, and works perfectly.
Excellent quality. No issues whatsoever.
AN EXCELLENT PHONE. I CAN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Good Tab
Excelent product, the onny small detail is the total internal memory, but it works great.
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
To me is perfect
I was reluctant to purchase this phone because it has no warranty. However I decided it was worth the risk and purchased it, and I am very glad that I did. This is a great phone. It has very clear communication with phone calls, and is extremely fast with internet functions. The battery is lasting for 40 to 48 hours on a charge. The included ear buds are great. I did not even know they were included. They sound fantastic when playing music, and there is a built in microphone for when a phone call comes in while you are playing music.I have been using this phone for 3 weeks, and I am so happy with it that I purchased another one for my wife. She received hers in 3 days and is also very satisfied.
Great phone for a good price
This Samsung J2 phone was made in Argentina. If you are in the United States, you cannot register a J2 phone on your account on Samsung.com. This is Amazon.com, so this may be important for US residents. This phone has a Region Lock. It says to call anywhere for 5+ minutes to unlock the Region Lock. I am on my way to Europe, so this is a very annoying needless step, that cost me $20 to get a SIM and Minutes. The phone works in the US. Android works. BUT, in the US, we consumers demand transparency. Opening the box, and having the flyer fall out with the "Region Lock" info, was frightening. Not being able to register the product on Samsung.com means 1) I can't register it, and 2) obtaining "warranty" service might be non-existent, according to the US Samsung call center representative. At that point, the $138 might mean I bought a "disposable" phone.Update May 9 2016: I did use the phone service in the US for the required 5+ minutes in order to meet the requirements of the Region Lock. I'm now in Europe and have Vodaphone voice and data service, both of which work as expected.
I like
Featured Product of the Agreement
Excellent phone at a good price. I can tell it doesn't have the power of my SGS6, but it works perfect for a travel phone.
Phone was received as advertised: new, in closed box, and works perfectly.
AN EXCELLENT PHONE. I CAN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Good Tab
Excelent product, the onny small detail is the total internal memory, but it works great.
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
Good
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
I like
Featured Product of the Agreement
Excellent phone at a good price. I can tell it doesn't have the power of my SGS6, but it works perfect for a travel phone.
Phone was received as advertised: new, in closed box, and works perfectly.
Excellent quality. No issues whatsoever.
AN EXCELLENT PHONE. I CAN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Good Tab
Excelent product, the onny small detail is the total internal memory, but it works great.
To me is perfect
I was reluctant to purchase this phone because it has no warranty. However I decided it was worth the risk and purchased it, and I am very glad that I did. This is a great phone. It has very clear communication with phone calls, and is extremely fast with internet functions. The battery is lasting for 40 to 48 hours on a charge. The included ear buds are great. I did not even know they were included. They sound fantastic when playing music, and there is a built in microphone for when a phone call comes in while you are playing music.I have been using this phone for 3 weeks, and I am so happy with it that I purchased another one for my wife. She received hers in 3 days and is also very satisfied.
Great phone for a good price
This Samsung J2 phone was made in Argentina. If you are in the United States, you cannot register a J2 phone on your account on Samsung.com. This is Amazon.com, so this may be important for US residents. This phone has a Region Lock. It says to call anywhere for 5+ minutes to unlock the Region Lock. I am on my way to Europe, so this is a very annoying needless step, that cost me $20 to get a SIM and Minutes. The phone works in the US. Android works. BUT, in the US, we consumers demand transparency. Opening the box, and having the flyer fall out with the "Region Lock" info, was frightening. Not being able to register the product on Samsung.com means 1) I can't register it, and 2) obtaining "warranty" service might be non-existent, according to the US Samsung call center representative. At that point, the $138 might mean I bought a "disposable" phone.Update May 9 2016: I did use the phone service in the US for the required 5+ minutes in order to meet the requirements of the Region Lock. I'm now in Europe and have Vodaphone voice and data service, both of which work as expected.
I like
Featured Product of the Agreement
Excellent phone at a good price. I can tell it doesn't have the power of my SGS6, but it works perfect for a travel phone.
Phone was received as advertised: new, in closed box, and works perfectly.
AN EXCELLENT PHONE. I CAN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Good Tab
Excelent product, the onny small detail is the total internal memory, but it works great.
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
Loved this phone. I know it's good because I had to use a old phone before getting this one...if you do this before and after experience with an old phone, you will appreciate more how far we have gone! No regrets here!
Great product!!
To me is perfect
I was reluctant to purchase this phone because it has no warranty. However I decided it was worth the risk and purchased it, and I am very glad that I did. This is a great phone. It has very clear communication with phone calls, and is extremely fast with internet functions. The battery is lasting for 40 to 48 hours on a charge. The included ear buds are great. I did not even know they were included. They sound fantastic when playing music, and there is a built in microphone for when a phone call comes in while you are playing music.I have been using this phone for 3 weeks, and I am so happy with it that I purchased another one for my wife. She received hers in 3 days and is also very satisfied.
Great phone for a good price
This Samsung J2 phone was made in Argentina. If you are in the United States, you cannot register a J2 phone on your account on Samsung.com. This is Amazon.com, so this may be important for US residents. This phone has a Region Lock. It says to call anywhere for 5+ minutes to unlock the Region Lock. I am on my way to Europe, so this is a very annoying needless step, that cost me $20 to get a SIM and Minutes. The phone works in the US. Android works. BUT, in the US, we consumers demand transparency. Opening the box, and having the flyer fall out with the "Region Lock" info, was frightening. Not being able to register the product on Samsung.com means 1) I can't register it, and 2) obtaining "warranty" service might be non-existent, according to the US Samsung call center representative. At that point, the $138 might mean I bought a "disposable" phone.Update May 9 2016: I did use the phone service in the US for the required 5+ minutes in order to meet the requirements of the Region Lock. I'm now in Europe and have Vodaphone voice and data service, both of which work as expected.
very good
good
Good and thank
I like this phone and this Brand.
So I bought this phone from my mom and she absolutely love it it's very easy to use and even though it's a budget phone it feels very premium
Yes i am very happy with it works good so far so good it comes on time and. Thanks to you people from amazon for the price very economic.
Just purchased this phone after my samsung S5 broke. This phone works just as great as the more expensive version with the added bonus of having dual sim cards. The camera is average but I an live with it.....Overall a great purchase. I wish I could buy 3 more
Delivery: 5/5 (timely delivery and undamaged)Item: 5/5 (just received phone today, and have not encountered any issues so far)Accessories: 4/5 (the international charger and converter although work individually, do not work together - may be due to loose connections between the two)
I can only rate the looks and product condition in the box, all the adaptors and charging equipment were there along with two extra plug adaptors, Thanks.The phone will be sent to a friend in Brazil to use and I'm sure to hear the end results if it doesn't work properly!
Sorry all good !
The phone is cool. I'm coming from blackberry 9700 background; I am now able to do more tasks with my phone without receiving messages of 'insufficient memory' to run the program. It's simply a great phone with good functions.
And more
It is great! It was a gift for my father and he loves it!
Very good phone for the price. It's basically the same as a Galaxy S5 with a little lower quality camera.
OK.
Fantastic and I love it to the fullest...... I hope it will not crash or give me trouble in the near future?
Good condition
very pleased
I LOVE IT! It is so easy to use.
Solid phone for a fraction of the cost of a flagship. It may not feel as polished as an S6/S7, but if your not a hard core user you may not be able to tell the difference (except in your bank account). Good size. Feels good in your hands. The screen is vibrant A++. Build quality is excellent. Battery life has been very good. About the only downside I can think of is that it is a little short on RAM and storage. It hasn't been a problem so far, but it's a little tight. I'm hoping Marshmallow get's pushed soon. I understand it will make better use of the SD card I added.
Nice phone easy to use
My daughter loves this phone.
Nice phone. It does what a smart phone should. Nice size screen for the few games my wife uses while waiting in doctor's offices.The only problem I had was trying to add it to my AT&T account. I already had another phone with AT&T.I ordered a SIM card for the phone and attempted to activate it. No go. I called to get help and they told me the phone was not 4G and I would have to buy a new one from them. They kept saying it wasn't 4G and it couldn't be added to their system.They sell a Samsung Galaxy J3.I was so unhappy with AT&T I went with Consumer Cellular with the Galaxy J3 and moved my LG Flex to them also,The phone shows LTE when connected to Consumer Cellular, as I understand it, that tells me it is 4G.
I never really got to use it since i had to return it, but at its price it seems to be a good product. everything came in the package, everything worked and im sure if i had a chance to us it i would have loved it.
😀😀😀😀
I can also confirm this phone will work with Republic Wireless BYOP plans. I took mine 2 manual update rounds and then it was able to be recognized as an approved phone. I also had to download a different text message app than the default phone app. Republic walked me through the majority of it.Day 2: So far so good!
This is not an iphone, but it is cheap, functional, and it gives you all of the basic services/abilities that a good smartphone should offer. It is best for people who want or need a basic smartphone, but hate the idea of paying $600 for a name. I can confirm the claim that this phone is compatible with Republic Wireless once you purchase and install their sim card, and upload the series of Samsung updates - if you try to access the Republic app prior to updates, it will tell you that the phone is not compatible, so be patient. Mine required two updates prior to being recognized by the Republic app as compatible. All-in-all, this phone was exactly what I was looking for, at a reasonable price.
This was a gift for my wife and she hasn't had any problems with it, she loves it.
I like the phone but it does not work with pre paid verizon.
Best smart phone I ever had. Easy to setup.
Works perfect with Republic Wireless' new Republic 3.0 BYOP plans. NOTE: You need to update the phone's firmware for it to become an "Approved Device" according to the Republic Wireless app. Until you update, it will simply say "Unsupported Device". Simply connect the phone to WiFi, goto apps/settings/about phone, and hit manual update if the updates don't fire off right away once it's connected to WiFi.
excellent performance. good cell phone.
Yes
I used this phone while traveling in Mexico. This was just the phone to have for this need. The cellular provider you use could change the functionality you get, but after figuring out how to call the U.S. this phone worked flawlessly. The J3 takes good pictures, the GPS will get you to where you need to go and the price can't be beat. While in Mexico we saw this exact phone, locked to a Mexican cellular provider for $220. Great phone, great price.
great phone
So far cannot complain thanks for Amazon today i had a bad experience with a 60inch smart vizio but am cool with that thanks again
The phone we were looking for at a better price than our carrier.
Love this phone
GOOD QUALITY PHONE, LOTS OF FEATURES, AND GOOD PRICING ON AMAZON. GOT FOR MY SONS - NOT MUCH DIFFERENT FROM MY S6!
Love my new phone....so easy to use. First smartphone too. The only drawback is it doesn't take the world's greatest pictures....but I am still happy with it. I still gave it five stars since after reading all the reviews I knew that it wasn't great for taking pictures. I wanted an upgrade to be able to received pictures from family and friends...and so much better texting ability. Also in upgrading and buying it directly I have maintain my cell bill low....Amazon had the best price too. Happy happy happy!!!
Shipped quickly. Nice product. Thank So!
Very good phone for the price. It's basically the same as a Galaxy S5 with a little lower quality camera.
Nice
Great price but could not use on my Sprint Plan so had to return to Amazon. Was very easy to return on Amazon, just follow the instructions.
very good product, excelent
Very nice phone, I love the slim design. Have not had any issues with so far.
This is a perfect phone! Videos, texting, calls, all apps, so far work wonderfully! We went to the local AT&T store and got a new SIM card. We also purchased a 32g memory card here on Amazon. My husband uses this phone daily for work, and while he does not download many apps, so far it has not had any problems running multiple programs. THIS PHONE CANNOT BE BEAT FOR THE PRICE! This is the price ALL phones should reasonably cost!
Nice
Fantastic and I love it to the fullest...... I hope it will not crash or give me trouble in the near future?
Good condition
very pleased
I LOVE IT! It is so easy to use.
Solid phone for a fraction of the cost of a flagship. It may not feel as polished as an S6/S7, but if your not a hard core user you may not be able to tell the difference (except in your bank account). Good size. Feels good in your hands. The screen is vibrant A++. Build quality is excellent. Battery life has been very good. About the only downside I can think of is that it is a little short on RAM and storage. It hasn't been a problem so far, but it's a little tight. I'm hoping Marshmallow get's pushed soon. I understand it will make better use of the SD card I added.
My daughter loves this phone.
Nice phone. It does what a smart phone should. Nice size screen for the few games my wife uses while waiting in doctor's offices.The only problem I had was trying to add it to my AT&T account. I already had another phone with AT&T.I ordered a SIM card for the phone and attempted to activate it. No go. I called to get help and they told me the phone was not 4G and I would have to buy a new one from them. They kept saying it wasn't 4G and it couldn't be added to their system.They sell a Samsung Galaxy J3.I was so unhappy with AT&T I went with Consumer Cellular with the Galaxy J3 and moved my LG Flex to them also,The phone shows LTE when connected to Consumer Cellular, as I understand it, that tells me it is 4G.
I never really got to use it since i had to return it, but at its price it seems to be a good product. everything came in the package, everything worked and im sure if i had a chance to us it i would have loved it.
😀😀😀😀
I can also confirm this phone will work with Republic Wireless BYOP plans. I took mine 2 manual update rounds and then it was able to be recognized as an approved phone. I also had to download a different text message app than the default phone app. Republic walked me through the majority of it.Day 2: So far so good!
This is not an iphone, but it is cheap, functional, and it gives you all of the basic services/abilities that a good smartphone should offer. It is best for people who want or need a basic smartphone, but hate the idea of paying $600 for a name. I can confirm the claim that this phone is compatible with Republic Wireless once you purchase and install their sim card, and upload the series of Samsung updates - if you try to access the Republic app prior to updates, it will tell you that the phone is not compatible, so be patient. Mine required two updates prior to being recognized by the Republic app as compatible. All-in-all, this phone was exactly what I was looking for, at a reasonable price.
These are great phones for the price. Was very surprised by the quality. So happy with the purchase.
These are great phones for the price. Was very surprised by the quality. So happy with the purchase.
Phone is great but could not connect to my Verizon acct. because prior carrier was not Verizon. Purchased another phone at the store. Live and learn.
This was a gift for my wife and she hasn't had any problems with it, she loves it.
I like the phone but it does not work with pre paid verizon.
Best smart phone I ever had. Easy to setup.
Works perfect with Republic Wireless' new Republic 3.0 BYOP plans. NOTE: You need to update the phone's firmware for it to become an "Approved Device" according to the Republic Wireless app. Until you update, it will simply say "Unsupported Device". Simply connect the phone to WiFi, goto apps/settings/about phone, and hit manual update if the updates don't fire off right away once it's connected to WiFi.
excellent performance. good cell phone.
Yes
Nice phone easy to use
My daughter loves this phone.
Nice phone. It does what a smart phone should. Nice size screen for the few games my wife uses while waiting in doctor's offices.The only problem I had was trying to add it to my AT&T account. I already had another phone with AT&T.I ordered a SIM card for the phone and attempted to activate it. No go. I called to get help and they told me the phone was not 4G and I would have to buy a new one from them. They kept saying it wasn't 4G and it couldn't be added to their system.They sell a Samsung Galaxy J3.I was so unhappy with AT&T I went with Consumer Cellular with the Galaxy J3 and moved my LG Flex to them also,The phone shows LTE when connected to Consumer Cellular, as I understand it, that tells me it is 4G.
I never really got to use it since i had to return it, but at its price it seems to be a good product. everything came in the package, everything worked and im sure if i had a chance to us it i would have loved it.
😀😀😀😀
I can also confirm this phone will work with Republic Wireless BYOP plans. I took mine 2 manual update rounds and then it was able to be recognized as an approved phone. I also had to download a different text message app than the default phone app. Republic walked me through the majority of it.Day 2: So far so good!
This is not an iphone, but it is cheap, functional, and it gives you all of the basic services/abilities that a good smartphone should offer. It is best for people who want or need a basic smartphone, but hate the idea of paying $600 for a name. I can confirm the claim that this phone is compatible with Republic Wireless once you purchase and install their sim card, and upload the series of Samsung updates - if you try to access the Republic app prior to updates, it will tell you that the phone is not compatible, so be patient. Mine required two updates prior to being recognized by the Republic app as compatible. All-in-all, this phone was exactly what I was looking for, at a reasonable price.
I used this phone while traveling in Mexico. This was just the phone to have for this need. The cellular provider you use could change the functionality you get, but after figuring out how to call the U.S. this phone worked flawlessly. The J3 takes good pictures, the GPS will get you to where you need to go and the price can't be beat. While in Mexico we saw this exact phone, locked to a Mexican cellular provider for $220. Great phone, great price.
great phone
Nice
Great price but could not use on my Sprint Plan so had to return to Amazon. Was very easy to return on Amazon, just follow the instructions.
very good product, excelent
Very nice phone, I love the slim design. Have not had any issues with so far.
This is a perfect phone! Videos, texting, calls, all apps, so far work wonderfully! We went to the local AT&T store and got a new SIM card. We also purchased a 32g memory card here on Amazon. My husband uses this phone daily for work, and while he does not download many apps, so far it has not had any problems running multiple programs. THIS PHONE CANNOT BE BEAT FOR THE PRICE! This is the price ALL phones should reasonably cost!
Nice
So far cannot complain thanks for Amazon today i had a bad experience with a 60inch smart vizio but am cool with that thanks again
The phone we were looking for at a better price than our carrier.
Love this phone
GOOD QUALITY PHONE, LOTS OF FEATURES, AND GOOD PRICING ON AMAZON. GOT FOR MY SONS - NOT MUCH DIFFERENT FROM MY S6!
Love my new phone....so easy to use. First smartphone too. The only drawback is it doesn't take the world's greatest pictures....but I am still happy with it. I still gave it five stars since after reading all the reviews I knew that it wasn't great for taking pictures. I wanted an upgrade to be able to received pictures from family and friends...and so much better texting ability. Also in upgrading and buying it directly I have maintain my cell bill low....Amazon had the best price too. Happy happy happy!!!
Shipped quickly. Nice product. Thank So!
Very good phone for the price. It's basically the same as a Galaxy S5 with a little lower quality camera.
OK.
Fantastic and I love it to the fullest...... I hope it will not crash or give me trouble in the near future?
Good condition
very pleased
I LOVE IT! It is so easy to use.
Solid phone for a fraction of the cost of a flagship. It may not feel as polished as an S6/S7, but if your not a hard core user you may not be able to tell the difference (except in your bank account). Good size. Feels good in your hands. The screen is vibrant A++. Build quality is excellent. Battery life has been very good. About the only downside I can think of is that it is a little short on RAM and storage. It hasn't been a problem so far, but it's a little tight. I'm hoping Marshmallow get's pushed soon. I understand it will make better use of the SD card I added.
Nice phone easy to use
So far cannot complain thanks for Amazon today i had a bad experience with a 60inch smart vizio but am cool with that thanks again
My daughter loves this phone.
Nice phone. It does what a smart phone should. Nice size screen for the few games my wife uses while waiting in doctor's offices.The only problem I had was trying to add it to my AT&T account. I already had another phone with AT&T.I ordered a SIM card for the phone and attempted to activate it. No go. I called to get help and they told me the phone was not 4G and I would have to buy a new one from them. They kept saying it wasn't 4G and it couldn't be added to their system.They sell a Samsung Galaxy J3.I was so unhappy with AT&T I went with Consumer Cellular with the Galaxy J3 and moved my LG Flex to them also,The phone shows LTE when connected to Consumer Cellular, as I understand it, that tells me it is 4G.
I never really got to use it since i had to return it, but at its price it seems to be a good product. everything came in the package, everything worked and im sure if i had a chance to us it i would have loved it.
😀😀😀😀
I can also confirm this phone will work with Republic Wireless BYOP plans. I took mine 2 manual update rounds and then it was able to be recognized as an approved phone. I also had to download a different text message app than the default phone app. Republic walked me through the majority of it.Day 2: So far so good!
This is not an iphone, but it is cheap, functional, and it gives you all of the basic services/abilities that a good smartphone should offer. It is best for people who want or need a basic smartphone, but hate the idea of paying $600 for a name. I can confirm the claim that this phone is compatible with Republic Wireless once you purchase and install their sim card, and upload the series of Samsung updates - if you try to access the Republic app prior to updates, it will tell you that the phone is not compatible, so be patient. Mine required two updates prior to being recognized by the Republic app as compatible. All-in-all, this phone was exactly what I was looking for, at a reasonable price.
These are great phones for the price. Was very surprised by the quality. So happy with the purchase.
Great price but could not use on my Sprint Plan so had to return to Amazon. Was very easy to return on Amazon, just follow the instructions.
very good product, excelent
Very nice phone, I love the slim design. Have not had any issues with so far.
This is a perfect phone! Videos, texting, calls, all apps, so far work wonderfully! We went to the local AT&T store and got a new SIM card. We also purchased a 32g memory card here on Amazon. My husband uses this phone daily for work, and while he does not download many apps, so far it has not had any problems running multiple programs. THIS PHONE CANNOT BE BEAT FOR THE PRICE! This is the price ALL phones should reasonably cost!
I like the phone but it does not work with pre paid verizon.
Best smart phone I ever had. Easy to setup.
Works perfect with Republic Wireless' new Republic 3.0 BYOP plans. NOTE: You need to update the phone's firmware for it to become an "Approved Device" according to the Republic Wireless app. Until you update, it will simply say "Unsupported Device". Simply connect the phone to WiFi, goto apps/settings/about phone, and hit manual update if the updates don't fire off right away once it's connected to WiFi.
excellent performance. good cell phone.
Yes
I used this phone while traveling in Mexico. This was just the phone to have for this need. The cellular provider you use could change the functionality you get, but after figuring out how to call the U.S. this phone worked flawlessly. The J3 takes good pictures, the GPS will get you to where you need to go and the price can't be beat. While in Mexico we saw this exact phone, locked to a Mexican cellular provider for $220. Great phone, great price.
great phone
okk
Great phone!
Working OK no complaints as yet.
Very good!
This was a great buy. love it
Very nice device.
bueno
Love it!
Pros: Very fast device, works well with the T=mobile prepaid micro sim card. Volume is great both with or with out speaker on. Size is just right for front trouser pocket. Camera is fast in capturing pictureCons: 8 g internal storage is not enough!! System plus other preinstalled apps already took up 4g, left very little room for other useful programs. Need to remove Facebook, chrome, and etc. The 32 g micro SD card cannot help because MOST apps won't can't be move to external storage. WhatsApp stores all media on internal memory (such a pain!)Overall: should be three star because of the 8g memory, but the price point is just too great to be ignored. Still very happy with the purchase.
I had a galaxy s4 that was 2 years old and the bottom of the touch screen stopped working. I have AT &T and instead of doing the ridiculous Next plan where you have to sign a 3 year contract and pay so much a month for the ridiculously expensive phones, I bought this unlocked J5 for a very good price. Called AT &T and gave them the IMEI number and good to go, no contract just pay my monthly plan. I have no idea why anyone would pay hundreds of dollars for the new phones. This one is just as good if not better than my s4 and if it breaks in 2 years, I'm not out $800.
Great phone, worked great in Spain, works great in USA with T-Mobile.
excellent
Compared to it's price, this Samsung is amazing.
Literately my favorite phone! Most phones these days are very large, and I don't need that, this one is a very comfortable size, and the most up to date firmware. I can get all the best most recent apps, and use a very comfortable user friendly interface. I love it, best upgrade.
My little sister loves this phone!
Product arrived on time. It was just as described. I live in Ecuador and it works without any problems!
Love it so far
Perfect Mobile , I found what I want and more the speed , its camera , the application all are very goodThe seller is is perfect also. I can say this mobile is better than others include iPhone 6
The fastest phone I ever purchase, applications move very quick, I ready love this phone, and 4G really works in Mexico and the USA (with roaming) in my case.
excelent!!
Nice phone. So far everything works well.
Product and package as expected. Worked perfect in Argentina.
So far so good, day 4. It's like my Samsung Note tablet but smaller. Previous phone was Nokia Lumina 635 ....this blows that out of the water. Fast enough for me, works fine with Cricket, although reception bars showing low most of the time but no trouble making calls or sending text. Some display settings are lacking IMO but nothing big enough to make me dislike the phone. Easy to use. Great camera, love that there's flash on front and back. Back of phone seems fragile but i use a case anyway so really doesn't matter much. Battery ran pretty low on day 2, have used on lowest brightness since and holding better. Came two days before expected arrival date, but took a lot more time than i thought it would. I have small hands so hard to use one handed but not a deal breaker. Overall I'm pretty happy with it so far.
Another great mid-price phone.
Came in great condition. Absolutely love it!
very good smartphone and beautiful color, exactly as described
For my daughter's sweet sixteen she loves it! So far no issues
This phone actually meet my expection. I will recommend it for any one trying to get a good phone without spending much. $200 is good for it price. It display is just like Galaxy Tab S2. It has 13mp camera. Very clear camera.
Perfect! Great!
I do believe it is a little faster than the Iphone6 snd less money.
I Like the front cámara.
Perfect
Internet access quick. The cell phone slim and lightweight. I like it !
Works fine in the Caribbean. Some features of the Lolipop system I can't stand but life goes on.
I've only had this phone for a few weeks, but I'm loving it. I had a Samsung Galaxy Lite before and it got stuck in a boot loop. So I ordered this J5. Really similar, but slimmer and faster and the camera is GREAT. In fact, I mostly bought it for a higher quality camera, since that's one of the main things I use my phone for. I already had a Samsung account, so when I started setting up this phone it imported my contacts, saved my messages, and installed the apps I had had installed on my previous phone. I was very impressed. So far, I have nothing to complain about!
Excellent
The phone works perfectly, works good with Venezuelan networks (haven't tested it with Digitel yet). Awesome device, fast, and everything that it's supposed to do.
Its a nice phone
Bought for a family member abroad and they love it. It however says it is unlocked but they were unable to use it, despite following the instructions and using it in the US first. After they got it unlocked, it worked without any problems. Just keep in mind, the one I got was locked.
Good phone. Features are just right. Processor is fast and accurate. It was easy to get it working with my provider, one phone call. I really like it.
its nice and it was as i expected
Completely satisfied with my phone. I use it in Ecuador with no problem at all. Totally recommended.
Excellent
This is the review I thought I was doing rather than the J5 Case. My grandson has not received the case as of today, but he loves his phone
Very good in this price...
So far a good phone and an excellent seller
Very good fon good condition and new
First real smart phone need kids to help use it
Good phone for the price.
This phone is basically an S5, it just doesn't cost as much. I was very weary about buying this because it is the international version, made in India if I'm not mistaken, and I live in the United States. But, I have had this phone for almost a year (10 months) and it is the best smartphone I have ever had. The new android OS is fast and flawless, great pixel quality, and the phone seems very tough (I have NO case on the phone and I've dropped it multiple times throughout the year with no damage) The ONLY negative attribute of this phone is that it has no auto/spell correct for texting and if you need CDMA you are out of luck (GSM Only, but coverage where I live is just as good as CDMA). I would most certainly recommend this phone to others, It has meet all of my expectations for a smartphone.
Good service, fast delivery I just love it
Honestly, I only had this phone yesterday and now I'm quite satisfied with it. I have to say that I'm a person who loves to modify his phone "bit by bit" [a little exaggeration] so ro*ting this phone would come sooner or later. Also, the storage is a bit small and the apps can't be moved to sd card so maybe, I'll have to ro*t it after 2-3 weeks later. That's the biggest flaw of this phone, I guess. Definitely review it again after 2 weeks so see you all again :) By the way, I purchased this phone from the Amazon Warehouse.
Good deal
Love it
I am a long time fan and user of Samsung Galaxy phones. But the "S" models have frequently been, in my opinion, over priced for a straight purchase without contract. The Samsung Galaxy J5 model is just the right phone at just the right price for me, about $170.00 on Amazon at the time of this review. It supports 4G LTE bands in the US and Europe as well as the European 2100 band for 3G in most European and many other countries around the world. It is dual SIM and, best of all, although it shipped with Android Lollipop 5.1 it immediately updated to Marshmallow 6.0 as soon as I had the phone setup and running. Although Android 6.0 may look like a minor tweak of Android 5.x there are several changes in how permissions are granted and how apps install that make it worth upgrading. The phone is classic Samsung in all other respects. The 1.5GB RAM available to the OS gives apps enough room to run smoothly. The camera is great, and the Android camera app has been improved substantially over prior versions. The results from the camera are much better than those from another phone that I had owned that appeared to use exactly the same camera component. Battery life has been very good. Last but not least Samsung and Android have now incorporated themes into Android 6.0 and it's now possible to lose the dreadful pastel colors of the stock OS and choose from many different color layouts and themes. The right phone at the right price. Samsung is selling this one in the sweet spot for me. RECOMMENDED.
I got this as a gift for my grandma around 4-5 months ago. It works great with T-Mobile and she hasn't had any problems with it. Runs super fast and camera is good too
Very excellent smartphone. Thank you!
Awesome cellphone
Nice phone
workd good
I switched to Samsung Galaxy J5 from Iphone 6.I love this phone and price as well.
I think this phone is great. It is a lot like my Samsung tablet. I was pleased about that. All I needed was a SIM card to get started. My grand daughter has a J5, also. In the short time l have had it, I was glad I bought the case for it. I have dropped it several times. The battery lasts a lot longer than my last phone. I would buy the Samsung Galaxy J5 again.
excellent product. works very well even at low signal. camera is superb. I am super happy. value for money.
amazing phone, arrived on time.. Great product
Great phone for the price
As a t-mobile user -> LTE works great. What doesn't work is WI-FI calling. I guess I need t-mobile phone for that.What doesn't work: 5G WiFi doesn't work at all - no there.The rest:GPS navigation works greatThe phone is quite snappy/fast, screen is beautiful, etc... Phone uses same size/kind of batteries (and overall looks like G4)It doesn't have automatic screen brightness (ambient light sensor), but I cannot say I liked how it worked in G4.Camera is on G4 level, OK...Everything else -- just works. Overall nice workhorse phone, similar to samsun G4 if you don't need everything latest and greatest.
Best phone I've ever had. Perfect size. Graphics are so sharp. it has no bloatware. I didn't have to download half my apps because better ones came with the phone. It's so fast! OS Lollypop is way better than KitKat. Can be activated with T-Mobile flawlessly.I prefer this phone to all the iphones i have had. Camera and video are the best I've seen. I will be up all night playing with this phone. There are so many perks I cannot list them all. Highly recommend this phone!
ok
I was a little skeptical about buying this phone being that it was released in India and I live here in the U.S. but i love this phone!!!!! The camera is amazing front facing and rear. Shipping was fast too ordered on a Monday received Friday of that week. Love that it is just like an S5 but cheaper. This is the best phone I have ecer had. My previous phone was a Blu Studio 5.0 C but i dont regret the switch.
excellent
phone is really worth for money but the only complaint is with LTE with AT&T, there is no band support with the n/w provider for this phone.
Overall I'm satisfied with this phone. Works well as a tablet, does everything I wanted. As a phone, it does drop the connection sometimes. My previous phones never did that where I live.
I like it. Work very well.
This is my first smartphone, I always had flip phones pre-paid, first virgin mobile (14 years) and now Tracfone (2 years) since I didn't have the need of internet on the phone and I still don't. As some people already said, the phone is made of plastic, which it doesn't bother me since the majority of previous cell phone were made of some sort of plastic and no one was complaining about it back then. I bought this phone 3 reasons, 1) The price. I spend about a month or more doing research, reading reviews and watching youtube videos about the phones. After all that, I have decided to get this one since I already have a samsung tables, computer monitor & tv so I knew I couldn't go wrong. 2) Even though this is an 8GB, 1.5GB RAM + microSD Slot Expandable up to 128GB, is pretty fast, excellent response and bright and good size. So far I like it a lot. And 3) The most important reason I got it is, since I have Tracfone pre-paid phone service I was able to transfer my tracfone number and balance to this phone with no problems at all. The best thing of all is I have a smartphone that it can do anything just like the iphone and all those expensive ones, go to the internet when I need to without the phone bill and saving hundreds a year. The minutes and data roll over every month when I don't use them. Can you say the same for you phone service? If you a monthly phone service and only browse the internet on occasion, this is the way to go.This is my initial review of the Samsung Galaxy J5 J500M. I will update the review 6 months from now.
It's perfect. The only problem is that the memory fills up quickly with all these apps that are eating up space.
well kind of difficult to work but am getting the hang of it. power drains fast though
very good
This phone is worth the cost. Lots of goodies with great performsnce.
The product seems to work well. I am new to smartphones, but I don't have any major concerns. On the other hand, I wish I could move more apps to the sd card. I actually discovered how to make the sd card the default storage area, but they seem to go to ram anyway, and I have to move them manually. Even then, it is not always possible to do so. I suspect it's a development issue. I'm also having an issue getting the device registered with Samsung. Their system doesn't recognize the MEI or serial numbers. However, I am very satisfied with the product itself.
Love it so far
I just purchased this product and it meets all my expectations. Registered the phone with TracFone, a bit of a hassle since I had an existing active account there. Once that process was complete all is clear sailing. I could only be happier if all I had to do was turn the phone on and all the transfers and setups happened automatically. This is a really great phone for those who want the options and functions of the current technology but do not have to be on the cutting edge chasing the latest and greatest.
Absolutely love this phone. so far no complaints. wonderful product
This J5 is unlocked for South Central and NA-only is not a dual sim, just a single Micro-Sim slot; if purchased from seller (lifeline786). The stand-alone second Micro-SIM slot is not even manufactured, just looks like an etched in plastic image of a SIM slot. So for those who are wanting both sim slots manufactured and available to use look elsewhere. FYI: works with GSM band only (like ATT & TMobile, not Verizon). If the stand-alone Micro-SIM was programmed to accept international sims then I'm sure you will not be able to have someone else unlock the phone to have it use international sims at all?! So those of you who want to be able to switch between both NA and International sims (or want to switch between two mobile accounts from the same provider or switch between two different providers like ATT and TMobile) without having to switch sim cards might want to look elsewhere.(Product Review)Cons: Samsung are making their phones lighter now by using cheap plastic casing; as a result no impact resistant at all, so buy a case to protect it from drops. I guarantee the phone will break from the first drop!Pros: Internally advancements matches what is stated in the phone's specs.
Great phone! Works perfectly!
ok.
meets the expectation
Bought this phone for my husband he loves it! It works fantastic, the camera is wonderful, takes beautiful pictures. We live several miles from a cell tower, our old phones had connection problems, not with this phone, no dropped calls. Love, love, love this phone. I have a Galax S5 when it's time for a new phone this J5 will be my next phone. It's easy to operate and doesn't have a lot of unnecessary apps. Great phone will purchase again.
So good so far. Love it!
good phone, works with T-mobile network. Be-aware it is SINGLE sim only. But performance wise it is good, i liked it so far with just 2 weeks with this phone.
Internet access quick. The cell phone slim and lightweight. I like it !
great phone! way better than paying per month with att, love this phone just as much as ansamsung galaxy s5 or 6!
My mom loves it
It's updatable to Android 6.0.1
The phone works perfect here in the caribbean with my local service provider and feels perfect in hand... no problems what so ever and been using it for 2 weeks now. Than
works like a dream great battery life in it sorry i could not get the 16 gb version but this one is still amazing
More than i hoped. Thanks!
I really like this smartphone, it works as expected and the battery performance is perfect
I absolutely love my J5. I got in Gold and it's gorgeous, the perfect size, and a great build quality. My favorite thing about it so far is the battery life. When I say this thing can last you ALLL DAY without fail I mean it. I am a heavy Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, and Spotify/Tidal user but it still lasts me all day and then some. Not to mention it charges very quickly (in a standard wall plug). My best example is yesterday I got up at 10 am and headed straight to work, ran some errands, and went home to chill and I look around and it's 3:30 am and my battery is on 30%! And this phone also has great standby battery time. You know how you will not use your phone for like 5 hours but some it has lost 15% of battery despite your not using it. Yeah the j5 will do the opposite. I will lose like 2% after like 5 hours of not using it but with like 17 apps open (often guilty of forgetting to close them). It's amazing. Keep in mind I always have my phone in power saving mode, but still! My last android did not behave this way on power save mode. It could have a little more internal memory but I'm not tripping.
This is my first smartphone and I am delighted with it. I am using it with T-mobile in the US. If I can use it abroad just by changing the sim, I will be fully satisfied. If not I will change my rating.
It works perfect, top quality shipping
It seemed like a good phone from what I could tell I just could not use it with the carrier that I have which is TracFone
I love my new phone. I get so many compliments and it looks and works great
It is OK
Took a while to get it going. I use Tracfone and the SIM was not working. Tracfone send me another. That one worked but soon after I was having a problem with the phone where it had to be configured to factory settings. After we (Tracfone and I) did that it works well. I love the phone but if you want to add more than a few apps. 8GB is not a lot of room. The phone is always telling me the phone will not work properly due to no space and to clean cach or delete apps and files, to increase storage. Other than the apps that come installed in the phone I added 3 social apps, a calendar and a wifi finder and I am very close to no GB left. I have maybe 2 dozen images, I have no game apps, no files or documents. I would like to delete a few Samsung apps but haven't figured out how to do that. The phone is a nice size. I have the gold one and I like the color. I do like this phone but the next one will be double the GB.
This is my first smartphone and I am delighted with it. I am using it with T-mobile in the US. If I can use it abroad just by changing the sim, I will be fully satisfied. If not I will change my rating.
It works perfect, top quality shipping
It seemed like a good phone from what I could tell I just could not use it with the carrier that I have which is TracFone
I love my new phone. I get so many compliments and it looks and works great
It is OK
This phone is basically an S5, it just doesn't cost as much. I was very weary about buying this because it is the international version, made in India if I'm not mistaken, and I live in the United States. But, I have had this phone for almost a year (10 months) and it is the best smartphone I have ever had. The new android OS is fast and flawless, great pixel quality, and the phone seems very tough (I have NO case on the phone and I've dropped it multiple times throughout the year with no damage) The ONLY negative attribute of this phone is that it has no auto/spell correct for texting and if you need CDMA you are out of luck (GSM Only, but coverage where I live is just as good as CDMA). I would most certainly recommend this phone to others, It has meet all of my expectations for a smartphone.
Good service, fast delivery I just love it
Honestly, I only had this phone yesterday and now I'm quite satisfied with it. I have to say that I'm a person who loves to modify his phone "bit by bit" [a little exaggeration] so ro*ting this phone would come sooner or later. Also, the storage is a bit small and the apps can't be moved to sd card so maybe, I'll have to ro*t it after 2-3 weeks later. That's the biggest flaw of this phone, I guess. Definitely review it again after 2 weeks so see you all again :) By the way, I purchased this phone from the Amazon Warehouse.
Good deal
Love it
I am a long time fan and user of Samsung Galaxy phones. But the "S" models have frequently been, in my opinion, over priced for a straight purchase without contract. The Samsung Galaxy J5 model is just the right phone at just the right price for me, about $170.00 on Amazon at the time of this review. It supports 4G LTE bands in the US and Europe as well as the European 2100 band for 3G in most European and many other countries around the world. It is dual SIM and, best of all, although it shipped with Android Lollipop 5.1 it immediately updated to Marshmallow 6.0 as soon as I had the phone setup and running. Although Android 6.0 may look like a minor tweak of Android 5.x there are several changes in how permissions are granted and how apps install that make it worth upgrading. The phone is classic Samsung in all other respects. The 1.5GB RAM available to the OS gives apps enough room to run smoothly. The camera is great, and the Android camera app has been improved substantially over prior versions. The results from the camera are much better than those from another phone that I had owned that appeared to use exactly the same camera component. Battery life has been very good. Last but not least Samsung and Android have now incorporated themes into Android 6.0 and it's now possible to lose the dreadful pastel colors of the stock OS and choose from many different color layouts and themes. The right phone at the right price. Samsung is selling this one in the sweet spot for me. RECOMMENDED.
I got this as a gift for my grandma around 4-5 months ago. It works great with T-Mobile and she hasn't had any problems with it. Runs super fast and camera is good too
Very excellent smartphone. Thank you!
Love it so far
Perfect Mobile , I found what I want and more the speed , its camera , the application all are very goodThe seller is is perfect also. I can say this mobile is better than others include iPhone 6
The fastest phone I ever purchase, applications move very quick, I ready love this phone, and 4G really works in Mexico and the USA (with roaming) in my case.
excelent!!
Nice phone. So far everything works well.
Product and package as expected. Worked perfect in Argentina.
So far so good, day 4. It's like my Samsung Note tablet but smaller. Previous phone was Nokia Lumina 635 ....this blows that out of the water. Fast enough for me, works fine with Cricket, although reception bars showing low most of the time but no trouble making calls or sending text. Some display settings are lacking IMO but nothing big enough to make me dislike the phone. Easy to use. Great camera, love that there's flash on front and back. Back of phone seems fragile but i use a case anyway so really doesn't matter much. Battery ran pretty low on day 2, have used on lowest brightness since and holding better. Came two days before expected arrival date, but took a lot more time than i thought it would. I have small hands so hard to use one handed but not a deal breaker. Overall I'm pretty happy with it so far.
works in colombia, and my mom like it
great phone! way better than paying per month with att, love this phone just as much as ansamsung galaxy s5 or 6!
My mom loves it
It's updatable to Android 6.0.1
The phone works perfect here in the caribbean with my local service provider and feels perfect in hand... no problems what so ever and been using it for 2 weeks now. Than
works like a dream great battery life in it sorry i could not get the 16 gb version but this one is still amazing
More than i hoped. Thanks!
I really like this smartphone, it works as expected and the battery performance is perfect
I absolutely love my J5. I got in Gold and it's gorgeous, the perfect size, and a great build quality. My favorite thing about it so far is the battery life. When I say this thing can last you ALLL DAY without fail I mean it. I am a heavy Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, and Spotify/Tidal user but it still lasts me all day and then some. Not to mention it charges very quickly (in a standard wall plug). My best example is yesterday I got up at 10 am and headed straight to work, ran some errands, and went home to chill and I look around and it's 3:30 am and my battery is on 30%! And this phone also has great standby battery time. You know how you will not use your phone for like 5 hours but some it has lost 15% of battery despite your not using it. Yeah the j5 will do the opposite. I will lose like 2% after like 5 hours of not using it but with like 17 apps open (often guilty of forgetting to close them). It's amazing. Keep in mind I always have my phone in power saving mode, but still! My last android did not behave this way on power save mode. It could have a little more internal memory but I'm not tripping.
Another great mid-price phone.
Came in great condition. Absolutely love it!
very good smartphone and beautiful color, exactly as described
For my daughter's sweet sixteen she loves it! So far no issues
This phone actually meet my expection. I will recommend it for any one trying to get a good phone without spending much. $200 is good for it price. It display is just like Galaxy Tab S2. It has 13mp camera. Very clear camera.
Perfect! Great!
I do believe it is a little faster than the Iphone6 snd less money.
I Like the front cámara.
Perfect
Internet access quick. The cell phone slim and lightweight. I like it !
Works fine in the Caribbean. Some features of the Lolipop system I can't stand but life goes on.
I've only had this phone for a few weeks, but I'm loving it. I had a Samsung Galaxy Lite before and it got stuck in a boot loop. So I ordered this J5. Really similar, but slimmer and faster and the camera is GREAT. In fact, I mostly bought it for a higher quality camera, since that's one of the main things I use my phone for. I already had a Samsung account, so when I started setting up this phone it imported my contacts, saved my messages, and installed the apps I had had installed on my previous phone. I was very impressed. So far, I have nothing to complain about!
Excellent
The phone works perfectly, works good with Venezuelan networks (haven't tested it with Digitel yet). Awesome device, fast, and everything that it's supposed to do.
Its a nice phone
Bought for a family member abroad and they love it. It however says it is unlocked but they were unable to use it, despite following the instructions and using it in the US first. After they got it unlocked, it worked without any problems. Just keep in mind, the one I got was locked.
Good phone. Features are just right. Processor is fast and accurate. It was easy to get it working with my provider, one phone call. I really like it.
its nice and it was as i expected
It s perfect
phone is really worth for money but the only complaint is with LTE with AT&T, there is no band support with the n/w provider for this phone.
Overall I'm satisfied with this phone. Works well as a tablet, does everything I wanted. As a phone, it does drop the connection sometimes. My previous phones never did that where I live.
I like it. Work very well.
This is my first smartphone, I always had flip phones pre-paid, first virgin mobile (14 years) and now Tracfone (2 years) since I didn't have the need of internet on the phone and I still don't. As some people already said, the phone is made of plastic, which it doesn't bother me since the majority of previous cell phone were made of some sort of plastic and no one was complaining about it back then. I bought this phone 3 reasons, 1) The price. I spend about a month or more doing research, reading reviews and watching youtube videos about the phones. After all that, I have decided to get this one since I already have a samsung tables, computer monitor & tv so I knew I couldn't go wrong. 2) Even though this is an 8GB, 1.5GB RAM + microSD Slot Expandable up to 128GB, is pretty fast, excellent response and bright and good size. So far I like it a lot. And 3) The most important reason I got it is, since I have Tracfone pre-paid phone service I was able to transfer my tracfone number and balance to this phone with no problems at all. The best thing of all is I have a smartphone that it can do anything just like the iphone and all those expensive ones, go to the internet when I need to without the phone bill and saving hundreds a year. The minutes and data roll over every month when I don't use them. Can you say the same for you phone service? If you a monthly phone service and only browse the internet on occasion, this is the way to go.This is my initial review of the Samsung Galaxy J5 J500M. I will update the review 6 months from now.
It's perfect. The only problem is that the memory fills up quickly with all these apps that are eating up space.
well kind of difficult to work but am getting the hang of it. power drains fast though
very good
This phone is worth the cost. Lots of goodies with great performsnce.
The product seems to work well. I am new to smartphones, but I don't have any major concerns. On the other hand, I wish I could move more apps to the sd card. I actually discovered how to make the sd card the default storage area, but they seem to go to ram anyway, and I have to move them manually. Even then, it is not always possible to do so. I suspect it's a development issue. I'm also having an issue getting the device registered with Samsung. Their system doesn't recognize the MEI or serial numbers. However, I am very satisfied with the product itself.
Awesome cellphone
Nice phone
workd good
I switched to Samsung Galaxy J5 from Iphone 6.I love this phone and price as well.
I think this phone is great. It is a lot like my Samsung tablet. I was pleased about that. All I needed was a SIM card to get started. My grand daughter has a J5, also. In the short time l have had it, I was glad I bought the case for it. I have dropped it several times. The battery lasts a lot longer than my last phone. I would buy the Samsung Galaxy J5 again.
excellent product. works very well even at low signal. camera is superb. I am super happy. value for money.
Completely satisfied with my phone. I use it in Ecuador with no problem at all. Totally recommended.
Excellent
This is the review I thought I was doing rather than the J5 Case. My grandson has not received the case as of today, but he loves his phone
Very good in this price...
So far a good phone and an excellent seller
Very good fon good condition and new
First real smart phone need kids to help use it
Good phone for the price.
amazing phone, arrived on time.. Great product
Great phone for the price
As a t-mobile user -> LTE works great. What doesn't work is WI-FI calling. I guess I need t-mobile phone for that.What doesn't work: 5G WiFi doesn't work at all - no there.The rest:GPS navigation works greatThe phone is quite snappy/fast, screen is beautiful, etc... Phone uses same size/kind of batteries (and overall looks like G4)It doesn't have automatic screen brightness (ambient light sensor), but I cannot say I liked how it worked in G4.Camera is on G4 level, OK...Everything else -- just works. Overall nice workhorse phone, similar to samsun G4 if you don't need everything latest and greatest.
Best phone I've ever had. Perfect size. Graphics are so sharp. it has no bloatware. I didn't have to download half my apps because better ones came with the phone. It's so fast! OS Lollypop is way better than KitKat. Can be activated with T-Mobile flawlessly.I prefer this phone to all the iphones i have had. Camera and video are the best I've seen. I will be up all night playing with this phone. There are so many perks I cannot list them all. Highly recommend this phone!
ok
I was a little skeptical about buying this phone being that it was released in India and I live here in the U.S. but i love this phone!!!!! The camera is amazing front facing and rear. Shipping was fast too ordered on a Monday received Friday of that week. Love that it is just like an S5 but cheaper. This is the best phone I have ecer had. My previous phone was a Blu Studio 5.0 C but i dont regret the switch.
excellent
okk
Great phone!
Working OK no complaints as yet.
Very good!
This was a great buy. love it
Very nice device.
bueno
Love it!
Pros: Very fast device, works well with the T=mobile prepaid micro sim card. Volume is great both with or with out speaker on. Size is just right for front trouser pocket. Camera is fast in capturing pictureCons: 8 g internal storage is not enough!! System plus other preinstalled apps already took up 4g, left very little room for other useful programs. Need to remove Facebook, chrome, and etc. The 32 g micro SD card cannot help because MOST apps won't can't be move to external storage. WhatsApp stores all media on internal memory (such a pain!)Overall: should be three star because of the 8g memory, but the price point is just too great to be ignored. Still very happy with the purchase.
I had a galaxy s4 that was 2 years old and the bottom of the touch screen stopped working. I have AT &T and instead of doing the ridiculous Next plan where you have to sign a 3 year contract and pay so much a month for the ridiculously expensive phones, I bought this unlocked J5 for a very good price. Called AT &T and gave them the IMEI number and good to go, no contract just pay my monthly plan. I have no idea why anyone would pay hundreds of dollars for the new phones. This one is just as good if not better than my s4 and if it breaks in 2 years, I'm not out $800.
Great phone, worked great in Spain, works great in USA with T-Mobile.
excellent
Compared to it's price, this Samsung is amazing.
Literately my favorite phone! Most phones these days are very large, and I don't need that, this one is a very comfortable size, and the most up to date firmware. I can get all the best most recent apps, and use a very comfortable user friendly interface. I love it, best upgrade.
My little sister loves this phone!
Product arrived on time. It was just as described. I live in Ecuador and it works without any problems!
works in colombia, and my mom like it
I just purchased this product and it meets all my expectations. Registered the phone with TracFone, a bit of a hassle since I had an existing active account there. Once that process was complete all is clear sailing. I could only be happier if all I had to do was turn the phone on and all the transfers and setups happened automatically. This is a really great phone for those who want the options and functions of the current technology but do not have to be on the cutting edge chasing the latest and greatest.
Absolutely love this phone. so far no complaints. wonderful product
This J5 is unlocked for South Central and NA-only is not a dual sim, just a single Micro-Sim slot; if purchased from seller (lifeline786). The stand-alone second Micro-SIM slot is not even manufactured, just looks like an etched in plastic image of a SIM slot. So for those who are wanting both sim slots manufactured and available to use look elsewhere. FYI: works with GSM band only (like ATT & TMobile, not Verizon). If the stand-alone Micro-SIM was programmed to accept international sims then I'm sure you will not be able to have someone else unlock the phone to have it use international sims at all?! So those of you who want to be able to switch between both NA and International sims (or want to switch between two mobile accounts from the same provider or switch between two different providers like ATT and TMobile) without having to switch sim cards might want to look elsewhere.(Product Review)Cons: Samsung are making their phones lighter now by using cheap plastic casing; as a result no impact resistant at all, so buy a case to protect it from drops. I guarantee the phone will break from the first drop!Pros: Internally advancements matches what is stated in the phone's specs.
Great phone! Works perfectly!
ok.
meets the expectation
Bought this phone for my husband he loves it! It works fantastic, the camera is wonderful, takes beautiful pictures. We live several miles from a cell tower, our old phones had connection problems, not with this phone, no dropped calls. Love, love, love this phone. I have a Galax S5 when it's time for a new phone this J5 will be my next phone. It's easy to operate and doesn't have a lot of unnecessary apps. Great phone will purchase again.
So good so far. Love it!
good phone, works with T-mobile network. Be-aware it is SINGLE sim only. But performance wise it is good, i liked it so far with just 2 weeks with this phone.
Internet access quick. The cell phone slim and lightweight. I like it !
This phone is basically an S5, it just doesn't cost as much. I was very weary about buying this because it is the international version, made in India if I'm not mistaken, and I live in the United States. But, I have had this phone for almost a year (10 months) and it is the best smartphone I have ever had. The new android OS is fast and flawless, great pixel quality, and the phone seems very tough (I have NO case on the phone and I've dropped it multiple times throughout the year with no damage) The ONLY negative attribute of this phone is that it has no auto/spell correct for texting and if you need CDMA you are out of luck (GSM Only, but coverage where I live is just as good as CDMA). I would most certainly recommend this phone to others, It has meet all of my expectations for a smartphone.
Good service, fast delivery I just love it
Honestly, I only had this phone yesterday and now I'm quite satisfied with it. I have to say that I'm a person who loves to modify his phone "bit by bit" [a little exaggeration] so ro*ting this phone would come sooner or later. Also, the storage is a bit small and the apps can't be moved to sd card so maybe, I'll have to ro*t it after 2-3 weeks later. That's the biggest flaw of this phone, I guess. Definitely review it again after 2 weeks so see you all again :) By the way, I purchased this phone from the Amazon Warehouse.
Good deal
Love it
I am a long time fan and user of Samsung Galaxy phones. But the "S" models have frequently been, in my opinion, over priced for a straight purchase without contract. The Samsung Galaxy J5 model is just the right phone at just the right price for me, about $170.00 on Amazon at the time of this review. It supports 4G LTE bands in the US and Europe as well as the European 2100 band for 3G in most European and many other countries around the world. It is dual SIM and, best of all, although it shipped with Android Lollipop 5.1 it immediately updated to Marshmallow 6.0 as soon as I had the phone setup and running. Although Android 6.0 may look like a minor tweak of Android 5.x there are several changes in how permissions are granted and how apps install that make it worth upgrading. The phone is classic Samsung in all other respects. The 1.5GB RAM available to the OS gives apps enough room to run smoothly. The camera is great, and the Android camera app has been improved substantially over prior versions. The results from the camera are much better than those from another phone that I had owned that appeared to use exactly the same camera component. Battery life has been very good. Last but not least Samsung and Android have now incorporated themes into Android 6.0 and it's now possible to lose the dreadful pastel colors of the stock OS and choose from many different color layouts and themes. The right phone at the right price. Samsung is selling this one in the sweet spot for me. RECOMMENDED.
I got this as a gift for my grandma around 4-5 months ago. It works great with T-Mobile and she hasn't had any problems with it. Runs super fast and camera is good too
Very excellent smartphone. Thank you!
Internet access quick. The cell phone slim and lightweight. I like it !
Works fine in the Caribbean. Some features of the Lolipop system I can't stand but life goes on.
I've only had this phone for a few weeks, but I'm loving it. I had a Samsung Galaxy Lite before and it got stuck in a boot loop. So I ordered this J5. Really similar, but slimmer and faster and the camera is GREAT. In fact, I mostly bought it for a higher quality camera, since that's one of the main things I use my phone for. I already had a Samsung account, so when I started setting up this phone it imported my contacts, saved my messages, and installed the apps I had had installed on my previous phone. I was very impressed. So far, I have nothing to complain about!
Excellent
The phone works perfectly, works good with Venezuelan networks (haven't tested it with Digitel yet). Awesome device, fast, and everything that it's supposed to do.
Its a nice phone
Bought for a family member abroad and they love it. It however says it is unlocked but they were unable to use it, despite following the instructions and using it in the US first. After they got it unlocked, it worked without any problems. Just keep in mind, the one I got was locked.
Good phone. Features are just right. Processor is fast and accurate. It was easy to get it working with my provider, one phone call. I really like it.
its nice and it was as i expected
works in colombia, and my mom like it
great phone! way better than paying per month with att, love this phone just as much as ansamsung galaxy s5 or 6!
My mom loves it
It's updatable to Android 6.0.1
The phone works perfect here in the caribbean with my local service provider and feels perfect in hand... no problems what so ever and been using it for 2 weeks now. Than
works like a dream great battery life in it sorry i could not get the 16 gb version but this one is still amazing
More than i hoped. Thanks!
I really like this smartphone, it works as expected and the battery performance is perfect
I absolutely love my J5. I got in Gold and it's gorgeous, the perfect size, and a great build quality. My favorite thing about it so far is the battery life. When I say this thing can last you ALLL DAY without fail I mean it. I am a heavy Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, and Spotify/Tidal user but it still lasts me all day and then some. Not to mention it charges very quickly (in a standard wall plug). My best example is yesterday I got up at 10 am and headed straight to work, ran some errands, and went home to chill and I look around and it's 3:30 am and my battery is on 30%! And this phone also has great standby battery time. You know how you will not use your phone for like 5 hours but some it has lost 15% of battery despite your not using it. Yeah the j5 will do the opposite. I will lose like 2% after like 5 hours of not using it but with like 17 apps open (often guilty of forgetting to close them). It's amazing. Keep in mind I always have my phone in power saving mode, but still! My last android did not behave this way on power save mode. It could have a little more internal memory but I'm not tripping.
It s perfect
phone is really worth for money but the only complaint is with LTE with AT&T, there is no band support with the n/w provider for this phone.
Overall I'm satisfied with this phone. Works well as a tablet, does everything I wanted. As a phone, it does drop the connection sometimes. My previous phones never did that where I live.
I like it. Work very well.
This is my first smartphone, I always had flip phones pre-paid, first virgin mobile (14 years) and now Tracfone (2 years) since I didn't have the need of internet on the phone and I still don't. As some people already said, the phone is made of plastic, which it doesn't bother me since the majority of previous cell phone were made of some sort of plastic and no one was complaining about it back then. I bought this phone 3 reasons, 1) The price. I spend about a month or more doing research, reading reviews and watching youtube videos about the phones. After all that, I have decided to get this one since I already have a samsung tables, computer monitor & tv so I knew I couldn't go wrong. 2) Even though this is an 8GB, 1.5GB RAM + microSD Slot Expandable up to 128GB, is pretty fast, excellent response and bright and good size. So far I like it a lot. And 3) The most important reason I got it is, since I have Tracfone pre-paid phone service I was able to transfer my tracfone number and balance to this phone with no problems at all. The best thing of all is I have a smartphone that it can do anything just like the iphone and all those expensive ones, go to the internet when I need to without the phone bill and saving hundreds a year. The minutes and data roll over every month when I don't use them. Can you say the same for you phone service? If you a monthly phone service and only browse the internet on occasion, this is the way to go.This is my initial review of the Samsung Galaxy J5 J500M. I will update the review 6 months from now.
It's perfect. The only problem is that the memory fills up quickly with all these apps that are eating up space.
well kind of difficult to work but am getting the hang of it. power drains fast though
very good
This phone is worth the cost. Lots of goodies with great performsnce.
The product seems to work well. I am new to smartphones, but I don't have any major concerns. On the other hand, I wish I could move more apps to the sd card. I actually discovered how to make the sd card the default storage area, but they seem to go to ram anyway, and I have to move them manually. Even then, it is not always possible to do so. I suspect it's a development issue. I'm also having an issue getting the device registered with Samsung. Their system doesn't recognize the MEI or serial numbers. However, I am very satisfied with the product itself.
Excellent
This is the review I thought I was doing rather than the J5 Case. My grandson has not received the case as of today, but he loves his phone
Very good in this price...
So far a good phone and an excellent seller
Very good fon good condition and new
First real smart phone need kids to help use it
Good phone for the price.
Pros: Very fast device, works well with the T=mobile prepaid micro sim card. Volume is great both with or with out speaker on. Size is just right for front trouser pocket. Camera is fast in capturing pictureCons: 8 g internal storage is not enough!! System plus other preinstalled apps already took up 4g, left very little room for other useful programs. Need to remove Facebook, chrome, and etc. The 32 g micro SD card cannot help because MOST apps won't can't be move to external storage. WhatsApp stores all media on internal memory (such a pain!)Overall: should be three star because of the 8g memory, but the price point is just too great to be ignored. Still very happy with the purchase.
I had a galaxy s4 that was 2 years old and the bottom of the touch screen stopped working. I have AT &T and instead of doing the ridiculous Next plan where you have to sign a 3 year contract and pay so much a month for the ridiculously expensive phones, I bought this unlocked J5 for a very good price. Called AT &T and gave them the IMEI number and good to go, no contract just pay my monthly plan. I have no idea why anyone would pay hundreds of dollars for the new phones. This one is just as good if not better than my s4 and if it breaks in 2 years, I'm not out $800.
Great phone, worked great in Spain, works great in USA with T-Mobile.
excellent
Compared to it's price, this Samsung is amazing.
Literately my favorite phone! Most phones these days are very large, and I don't need that, this one is a very comfortable size, and the most up to date firmware. I can get all the best most recent apps, and use a very comfortable user friendly interface. I love it, best upgrade.
My little sister loves this phone!
Product arrived on time. It was just as described. I live in Ecuador and it works without any problems!
works in colombia, and my mom like it
okk
Great phone!
Working OK no complaints as yet.
Very good!
This was a great buy. love it
Very nice device.
bueno
Love it!
amazing phone, arrived on time.. Great product
Great phone for the price
As a t-mobile user -> LTE works great. What doesn't work is WI-FI calling. I guess I need t-mobile phone for that.What doesn't work: 5G WiFi doesn't work at all - no there.The rest:GPS navigation works greatThe phone is quite snappy/fast, screen is beautiful, etc... Phone uses same size/kind of batteries (and overall looks like G4)It doesn't have automatic screen brightness (ambient light sensor), but I cannot say I liked how it worked in G4.Camera is on G4 level, OK...Everything else -- just works. Overall nice workhorse phone, similar to samsun G4 if you don't need everything latest and greatest.
Best phone I've ever had. Perfect size. Graphics are so sharp. it has no bloatware. I didn't have to download half my apps because better ones came with the phone. It's so fast! OS Lollypop is way better than KitKat. Can be activated with T-Mobile flawlessly.I prefer this phone to all the iphones i have had. Camera and video are the best I've seen. I will be up all night playing with this phone. There are so many perks I cannot list them all. Highly recommend this phone!
ok
I was a little skeptical about buying this phone being that it was released in India and I live here in the U.S. but i love this phone!!!!! The camera is amazing front facing and rear. Shipping was fast too ordered on a Monday received Friday of that week. Love that it is just like an S5 but cheaper. This is the best phone I have ecer had. My previous phone was a Blu Studio 5.0 C but i dont regret the switch.
excellent
I just purchased this product and it meets all my expectations. Registered the phone with TracFone, a bit of a hassle since I had an existing active account there. Once that process was complete all is clear sailing. I could only be happier if all I had to do was turn the phone on and all the transfers and setups happened automatically. This is a really great phone for those who want the options and functions of the current technology but do not have to be on the cutting edge chasing the latest and greatest.
Absolutely love this phone. so far no complaints. wonderful product
This J5 is unlocked for South Central and NA-only is not a dual sim, just a single Micro-Sim slot; if purchased from seller (lifeline786). The stand-alone second Micro-SIM slot is not even manufactured, just looks like an etched in plastic image of a SIM slot. So for those who are wanting both sim slots manufactured and available to use look elsewhere. FYI: works with GSM band only (like ATT & TMobile, not Verizon). If the stand-alone Micro-SIM was programmed to accept international sims then I'm sure you will not be able to have someone else unlock the phone to have it use international sims at all?! So those of you who want to be able to switch between both NA and International sims (or want to switch between two mobile accounts from the same provider or switch between two different providers like ATT and TMobile) without having to switch sim cards might want to look elsewhere.(Product Review)Cons: Samsung are making their phones lighter now by using cheap plastic casing; as a result no impact resistant at all, so buy a case to protect it from drops. I guarantee the phone will break from the first drop!Pros: Internally advancements matches what is stated in the phone's specs.
Great phone! Works perfectly!
ok.
meets the expectation
Bought this phone for my husband he loves it! It works fantastic, the camera is wonderful, takes beautiful pictures. We live several miles from a cell tower, our old phones had connection problems, not with this phone, no dropped calls. Love, love, love this phone. I have a Galax S5 when it's time for a new phone this J5 will be my next phone. It's easy to operate and doesn't have a lot of unnecessary apps. Great phone will purchase again.
So good so far. Love it!
good phone, works with T-mobile network. Be-aware it is SINGLE sim only. But performance wise it is good, i liked it so far with just 2 weeks with this phone.
Internet access quick. The cell phone slim and lightweight. I like it !
This is my first smartphone and I am delighted with it. I am using it with T-mobile in the US. If I can use it abroad just by changing the sim, I will be fully satisfied. If not I will change my rating.
It works perfect, top quality shipping
It seemed like a good phone from what I could tell I just could not use it with the carrier that I have which is TracFone
I love my new phone. I get so many compliments and it looks and works great
It is OK
Awesome cellphone
Nice phone
workd good
I switched to Samsung Galaxy J5 from Iphone 6.I love this phone and price as well.
I think this phone is great. It is a lot like my Samsung tablet. I was pleased about that. All I needed was a SIM card to get started. My grand daughter has a J5, also. In the short time l have had it, I was glad I bought the case for it. I have dropped it several times. The battery lasts a lot longer than my last phone. I would buy the Samsung Galaxy J5 again.
excellent product. works very well even at low signal. camera is superb. I am super happy. value for money.
Took a while to get it going. I use Tracfone and the SIM was not working. Tracfone send me another. That one worked but soon after I was having a problem with the phone where it had to be configured to factory settings. After we (Tracfone and I) did that it works well. I love the phone but if you want to add more than a few apps. 8GB is not a lot of room. The phone is always telling me the phone will not work properly due to no space and to clean cach or delete apps and files, to increase storage. Other than the apps that come installed in the phone I added 3 social apps, a calendar and a wifi finder and I am very close to no GB left. I have maybe 2 dozen images, I have no game apps, no files or documents. I would like to delete a few Samsung apps but haven't figured out how to do that. The phone is a nice size. I have the gold one and I like the color. I do like this phone but the next one will be double the GB.
Perfect Mobile , I found what I want and more the speed , its camera , the application all are very goodThe seller is is perfect also. I can say this mobile is better than others include iPhone 6
The fastest phone I ever purchase, applications move very quick, I ready love this phone, and 4G really works in Mexico and the USA (with roaming) in my case.
excelent!!
Nice phone. So far everything works well.
Product and package as expected. Worked perfect in Argentina.
So far so good, day 4. It's like my Samsung Note tablet but smaller. Previous phone was Nokia Lumina 635 ....this blows that out of the water. Fast enough for me, works fine with Cricket, although reception bars showing low most of the time but no trouble making calls or sending text. Some display settings are lacking IMO but nothing big enough to make me dislike the phone. Easy to use. Great camera, love that there's flash on front and back. Back of phone seems fragile but i use a case anyway so really doesn't matter much. Battery ran pretty low on day 2, have used on lowest brightness since and holding better. Came two days before expected arrival date, but took a lot more time than i thought it would. I have small hands so hard to use one handed but not a deal breaker. Overall I'm pretty happy with it so far.
Good service, fast delivery I just love it
Honestly, I only had this phone yesterday and now I'm quite satisfied with it. I have to say that I'm a person who loves to modify his phone "bit by bit" [a little exaggeration] so ro*ting this phone would come sooner or later. Also, the storage is a bit small and the apps can't be moved to sd card so maybe, I'll have to ro*t it after 2-3 weeks later. That's the biggest flaw of this phone, I guess. Definitely review it again after 2 weeks so see you all again :) By the way, I purchased this phone from the Amazon Warehouse.
Good deal
Love it
I got this as a gift for my grandma around 4-5 months ago. It works great with T-Mobile and she hasn't had any problems with it. Runs super fast and camera is good too
Very excellent smartphone. Thank you!
Completely satisfied with my phone. I use it in Ecuador with no problem at all. Totally recommended.
The phone works perfect here in the caribbean with my local service provider and feels perfect in hand... no problems what so ever and been using it for 2 weeks now. Than
works like a dream great battery life in it sorry i could not get the 16 gb version but this one is still amazing
More than i hoped. Thanks!
I really like this smartphone, it works as expected and the battery performance is perfect
phone is really worth for money but the only complaint is with LTE with AT&T, there is no band support with the n/w provider for this phone.
Overall I'm satisfied with this phone. Works well as a tablet, does everything I wanted. As a phone, it does drop the connection sometimes. My previous phones never did that where I live.
I like it. Work very well.
This is my first smartphone, I always had flip phones pre-paid, first virgin mobile (14 years) and now Tracfone (2 years) since I didn't have the need of internet on the phone and I still don't. As some people already said, the phone is made of plastic, which it doesn't bother me since the majority of previous cell phone were made of some sort of plastic and no one was complaining about it back then. I bought this phone 3 reasons, 1) The price. I spend about a month or more doing research, reading reviews and watching youtube videos about the phones. After all that, I have decided to get this one since I already have a samsung tables, computer monitor & tv so I knew I couldn't go wrong. 2) Even though this is an 8GB, 1.5GB RAM + microSD Slot Expandable up to 128GB, is pretty fast, excellent response and bright and good size. So far I like it a lot. And 3) The most important reason I got it is, since I have Tracfone pre-paid phone service I was able to transfer my tracfone number and balance to this phone with no problems at all. The best thing of all is I have a smartphone that it can do anything just like the iphone and all those expensive ones, go to the internet when I need to without the phone bill and saving hundreds a year. The minutes and data roll over every month when I don't use them. Can you say the same for you phone service? If you a monthly phone service and only browse the internet on occasion, this is the way to go.This is my initial review of the Samsung Galaxy J5 J500M. I will update the review 6 months from now.
well kind of difficult to work but am getting the hang of it. power drains fast though
very good
This phone is worth the cost. Lots of goodies with great performsnce.
Love it so far
I've only had this phone for a few weeks, but I'm loving it. I had a Samsung Galaxy Lite before and it got stuck in a boot loop. So I ordered this J5. Really similar, but slimmer and faster and the camera is GREAT. In fact, I mostly bought it for a higher quality camera, since that's one of the main things I use my phone for. I already had a Samsung account, so when I started setting up this phone it imported my contacts, saved my messages, and installed the apps I had had installed on my previous phone. I was very impressed. So far, I have nothing to complain about!
The phone works perfectly, works good with Venezuelan networks (haven't tested it with Digitel yet). Awesome device, fast, and everything that it's supposed to do.
Its a nice phone
Bought for a family member abroad and they love it. It however says it is unlocked but they were unable to use it, despite following the instructions and using it in the US first. After they got it unlocked, it worked without any problems. Just keep in mind, the one I got was locked.
Good phone. Features are just right. Processor is fast and accurate. It was easy to get it working with my provider, one phone call. I really like it.
its nice and it was as i expected
Another great mid-price phone.
Came in great condition. Absolutely love it!
very good smartphone and beautiful color, exactly as described
For my daughter's sweet sixteen she loves it! So far no issues
This phone actually meet my expection. I will recommend it for any one trying to get a good phone without spending much. $200 is good for it price. It display is just like Galaxy Tab S2. It has 13mp camera. Very clear camera.
Perfect! Great!
I do believe it is a little faster than the Iphone6 snd less money.
I Like the front cámara.
Perfect
It s perfect
Phone arrived on time and in good order. Love itWill buy again
arrived as described and on time
I love this phone. Not a fancy one but the price is very good and the phone fits for my purpose.
Excellent
Everything is good. The cellphone is perfect.
This is just the right size phone for me as it has a 5.2 inch screen yet it is very comfortable to hold in my hand. I love the 6.1 Marshmallow OS.The LTE worked great for my data and ran fast.The Wi-Fi also runs well. Note that I received this phone with Spanish but it was easy to change it to English. Yes this is a International phone yet everything on this phone works great with my phone's plan...data, Wi-Fi, everything working.The screen is vivid and clear and plenty large to see. What I like the best is this phone battery runs so cool and even when I play videos I find this phone runs cool. This is important to me to have a phone that runs this cool.Yes, I am very happy with this phone...it is easy to use and the phone is peppy with no lagging and never freezes.Oh one more thing...it has the OTG feature so I plug in my flash drive into this phone and it reads the files on it.Also like that after I added lots of my apps I still have 8.75 gb left so I can later dad more.Thank you for reading my review. I hope that it was helpful to you. If you have questions about this phone then ask me in the comment section.
Phone arrived on time and in good order. Love itWill buy again
arrived as described and on time
I love this phone. Not a fancy one but the price is very good and the phone fits for my purpose.
Excellent
This is just the right size phone for me as it has a 5.2 inch screen yet it is very comfortable to hold in my hand. I love the 6.1 Marshmallow OS.The LTE worked great for my data and ran fast.The Wi-Fi also runs well. Note that I received this phone with Spanish but it was easy to change it to English. Yes this is a International phone yet everything on this phone works great with my phone's plan...data, Wi-Fi, everything working.The screen is vivid and clear and plenty large to see. What I like the best is this phone battery runs so cool and even when I play videos I find this phone runs cool. This is important to me to have a phone that runs this cool.Yes, I am very happy with this phone...it is easy to use and the phone is peppy with no lagging and never freezes.Oh one more thing...it has the OTG feature so I plug in my flash drive into this phone and it reads the files on it.Also like that after I added lots of my apps I still have 8.75 gb left so I can later dad more.Thank you for reading my review. I hope that it was helpful to you. If you have questions about this phone then ask me in the comment section.
Phone arrived on time and in good order. Love itWill buy again
arrived as described and on time
I love this phone. Not a fancy one but the price is very good and the phone fits for my purpose.
Excellent
Everything is good. The cellphone is perfect.
This is just the right size phone for me as it has a 5.2 inch screen yet it is very comfortable to hold in my hand. I love the 6.1 Marshmallow OS.The LTE worked great for my data and ran fast.The Wi-Fi also runs well. Note that I received this phone with Spanish but it was easy to change it to English. Yes this is a International phone yet everything on this phone works great with my phone's plan...data, Wi-Fi, everything working.The screen is vivid and clear and plenty large to see. What I like the best is this phone battery runs so cool and even when I play videos I find this phone runs cool. This is important to me to have a phone that runs this cool.Yes, I am very happy with this phone...it is easy to use and the phone is peppy with no lagging and never freezes.Oh one more thing...it has the OTG feature so I plug in my flash drive into this phone and it reads the files on it.Also like that after I added lots of my apps I still have 8.75 gb left so I can later dad more.Thank you for reading my review. I hope that it was helpful to you. If you have questions about this phone then ask me in the comment section.
Phone arrived on time and in good order. Love itWill buy again
arrived as described and on time
I love this phone. Not a fancy one but the price is very good and the phone fits for my purpose.
Excellent
Everything is good. The cellphone is perfect.
This is just the right size phone for me as it has a 5.2 inch screen yet it is very comfortable to hold in my hand. I love the 6.1 Marshmallow OS.The LTE worked great for my data and ran fast.The Wi-Fi also runs well. Note that I received this phone with Spanish but it was easy to change it to English. Yes this is a International phone yet everything on this phone works great with my phone's plan...data, Wi-Fi, everything working.The screen is vivid and clear and plenty large to see. What I like the best is this phone battery runs so cool and even when I play videos I find this phone runs cool. This is important to me to have a phone that runs this cool.Yes, I am very happy with this phone...it is easy to use and the phone is peppy with no lagging and never freezes.Oh one more thing...it has the OTG feature so I plug in my flash drive into this phone and it reads the files on it.Also like that after I added lots of my apps I still have 8.75 gb left so I can later dad more.Thank you for reading my review. I hope that it was helpful to you. If you have questions about this phone then ask me in the comment section.
Phone arrived on time and in good order. Love itWill buy again
arrived as described and on time
I love this phone. Not a fancy one but the price is very good and the phone fits for my purpose.
Excellent
This is just the right size phone for me as it has a 5.2 inch screen yet it is very comfortable to hold in my hand. I love the 6.1 Marshmallow OS.The LTE worked great for my data and ran fast.The Wi-Fi also runs well. Note that I received this phone with Spanish but it was easy to change it to English. Yes this is a International phone yet everything on this phone works great with my phone's plan...data, Wi-Fi, everything working.The screen is vivid and clear and plenty large to see. What I like the best is this phone battery runs so cool and even when I play videos I find this phone runs cool. This is important to me to have a phone that runs this cool.Yes, I am very happy with this phone...it is easy to use and the phone is peppy with no lagging and never freezes.Oh one more thing...it has the OTG feature so I plug in my flash drive into this phone and it reads the files on it.Also like that after I added lots of my apps I still have 8.75 gb left so I can later dad more.Thank you for reading my review. I hope that it was helpful to you. If you have questions about this phone then ask me in the comment section.
Excellent phone as advertised.
Great phone for the money! You can upgrade the memory with a micro SD card 128G!
Works great.
Excelent product
good
This phone works great!
yup. happy with the fone....
Excellent product arrived in time indicated
Great could not expect better
Great value for the price
samsung j5, wow !!! , thin, light and deff fast enough for me, price, really good, if anything goes wrong because i frequently bang up y phone i would deff buy another
I ordered this phone for my son. It arrived on time, but the charger is not working. So i decided to let him use my charger instead. Other than that, its ok.
i love it. no hiccups, or missing items, everything that was said that was coming came with it
Excellent
Everything is in mint condition and I was able to setup the phone without problem.
Good
Purchases for business trip to Philippines and it worked fine without a problem. Also used to Lycatel prepaid service for someone who visited in US for few months. This support only 3G, but you may not feel the big difference from 4G anyway. This can be good for back up on business trips for other countries oitside of USA. Very good for what i paid for.
It came on time and was as described , met my expectations fully.
I love it and the camera quality is great.
love it
very good
Good phone, actually I bought two for a family members, they really love it
excelent
nice
Love my phone Im very happy Camera is great 13 mpixels and 5 in the front with flash. Works in Ecuador just Fine. Its duos.Its slim and lighweight. Battery lasts all day. Its Lollipop 5.1.1.I read a review of someone who said that cannot enter more than 1 number in a contact or email address, well, I just want to clarify that u can.
Nice phone
This is a good phone, easy to use. The only fault I find is that It does not give the option to group numbers, enter email addresses nor home addresses. If a person has more than one phone numbers they have to be entered individually.
I bought this phone for my daughter and she love it. the picture quality is great. I plan to purchase one for me soon.
very good
satisfied!!
i liked it but it worked at my local att store which is a shame
Nice but doesnt have Marshmallow update yet ..waiting for it
Excellent
This phone was ordered for a friend and he liked it.
Hi. Everything it's good.. but i need the adapter to charge. I have only one and i ordered 2 cellphones
Grate phone love it !!!
I just do love this phone very much! Will surely introduce to my friends who are about to purchase an android phone!
They are perfect.
Smartphone arrived on time & intact ( BRAND NEW) ; works perfect and runs smooth.Great value of a device; Just needed a smartphone, to get me running...until another purchase! ;-)
Love it
Great value for money here. Front facing led is great for night time selfies. Phone is fast and responsive and decent camera. Better than any other is this price range.
Finally, I got an international unlocked phone. I went through so much headache till I found this one.
Such a incredible cellphone, as well as the descriptions
VeryGood!!!
Awesome phone , great features
I can't seem to change my ringtone to an mp3 that I have stored on the phone. Is anyone else having this problem? HELP!Other than that, the phone works fine.
This is an ok phone for the price I paid for it. I gave it four stars because of the keys doesn't vibrate when typing messages. I researched it and found out that this is so because of the new update. But overall it's a nice phone to have. Very fast, takes great pictures with it's 13megapix rear camera. And also the front camera with 5megapixel with a flash (wonderful for taking those selfies at nights ) makes this a plus for not have that vibration in texting .Would buy again tho.
excelente
Excelente teléfono
As expected
Very pleased!
I love it. The shipping was great I got it earlier than expected. I've owned a Samsung Galaxy S5 and this is equal to it. The camera on the J5 is BETTER than the S5! MUCH better!The only down fall was the 8GB of memory so make sure you grab a SD Memory card. My service is through ATT. The sound quality is great, texting, feel of the phone is equal to the quality of a 500.00 phone I've purchased. Buy a case for it though, the Galaxy S5 isnt going to fit. I think it's a tad longer.
Love it.
Nice Phone!
The phone is working perfectly
It comes in perfect conditions.
I really like this phone...its got a very nice screen, HDIt responds very quickly which is awesome and its sleek
Wow! The camera on this phone is one of its best features.. I bought this for my daughter as her Galaxy S4 mini is beginning to see its years and getting slow and freezing at times, I was going to get it service but when I saw the offer of a phone at $192. from Samsung with a 13MP camera I just had to get it for her and it turned out to be a good buy as she likes taking pictures and did a basic photography course. I also bought a sixteen micro sd form Amazon .. now she have a phone and a very light handy camera.
Exellent product this phone works very well in Venezuela
Good phone... in a test period... but it's good until now
This phone is a very nice smartphone for the occasional user. If one looks at the memory used for the existing applications, it is about half full. So you won't be able to add a lot of extra apps, they may not fit in the 8GB memory. I added an extra memory card, but that only lets you store your pictures, music and only a few select apps. Most apps just install in the main memory. One nice thing in buying an unlocked phones is that it does not come with any bloatware from your cell phone carrier. But if you want you can install them yourself. The benefit is that you can also uninstall those, this is not possible with pre-installed apps from cell phone carriers.As this phone is for another market, be aware that when you boot it first time, it comes up in another language than English. This is not a problem, it is easy to figure out how to change it. I also found that the speed that the apps open and general usage is nice and fluid with no noticable slowdown. All in all a great phone for a non-power user. I am very happy with it.
Still trying it out. Looks promising to be a good product.
Overall the phone is perfect for what I needed. I looked at everything locally from the Samsung Galaxy Core Prime to the iPhone 6s. This is my first smart phone and data plan. I upgraded from a 6 year old Motorola Quantico flip phone. I couldn’t find what I wanted and I checked with my provider for compatibility and decided to order the GSM, Samsung J5, factory unlocked, international version because it had the features I wanted.SHIPPING: While browsing the website I found there were shipping restrictions on new cell phones due to the batteries. Amazon wouldn’t ship outside the continental 48 states (Amazon wouldn’t ship via air) so I had the phone shipped to a location I was going to visit in Washington State. I got a sim card from my local cell phone provider (not a large national company) before I left home and when the phone arrived I was there to receive it. BlutekUSA was the seller and Amazon fulfilled the order. I ordered it on 12/31/15. It arrived 3 days earlier than the estimate via UPS Ground from Virginia and was 7 days in transit.SETUP/USE: It was new in a factory sealed box and after setting the language from Hindi to English, installing the sim card and setting the APN (access point name) everything worked as it should in Seattle and later back home in Alaska. The APN setting can happen automatically but it didn’t for me. I don’t expect to be a heavy user but I tested most of the features. The processor is fast enough for running the available apps and the phone has a high resolution screen for photos, video and web browsing. With a fast cellular or Wi-Fi connection Netflix loaded really fast and ran in great looking HD. The front camera pictures are very good, 13 MP, and the internal storage, 8 GB, is sufficient for me. I added a 32 GB SD card but it can accept up to a 128 GB micro SD. I recommend looking at videos and the quick start or online manual so you know what you’re getting and where to install the sim or sims (it will accept 2 sim cards for 2 phone lines) and micro SD memory inside the back cover of the phone.
Excellent smartphone,good screen.
Excellent!!
Serious seller, the goods arrived earlier than expected, very satisfied, all ok!
Loving my phone.
Very good seller, excellent cell, is released and works in Venezuela...
GREAT PHONE/.
Great Phone! Value for money. You won't be disappointed.
Real good phone very fast and good battery life, just remember to buy an SD mini card for memory internal memory gets field up to quick.
This phone works beautifully. Package was received on time shipping to the US of course and was in new condition. I live in the Caribbean and I had a friend who brought it out for me, on receiving phone all i had to do was charge then once i inserted micro sim which it uses it works great. Just received it so no complaints thus far.
For the price I don't think you can beat this phone. I use a S7 and got this for my daughter. The battery life in this phone blows away my S7's. The camera is just mediocre, but plenty good enough for a kid. Speed is good enough to smoothly run any game she plays. The display is great considering the price.
great phone , the camara is amazing
great phone.
It's really good, I Like the size, the screen and Camera, And tus price!!! I recommend it
very nice thanks
SImple to use and just what i needed
Works well, battery lasts well although I am not a heavy user. I enjoy the screen when looking at photos/videos, the picture quality is excellent.
Made my day .I ordered 2 white samsung for my cousins in nepal but i can't figure out if its unlock or not i hope its unlock so they can use it. Good looking and the camera is 👍🏻. They will love it 💕
Yes very satisfied.
Great Phone. Great Camera.
in working condition and on time delivery
Great phone we bought for our granddaughter. Very happy with the price and the functionality
EXCELLENT
The only bad was that all the instructions were in Chinese. But the phone was excellent.
I like it. Thanks
Phone works well
Excellent cellphone. high quality. Works perfectly in Venezuela. Thank you soooo much!
So far working great however one Phone has low storage straight from the begining after restoring my apps and the camera continually fails, however i have recently purchased a larger MicroSD card with hopes that with better storage the camera would stop failling
This is an excellent product and content
had it for one day i like it, very nice phone.
The phone has a premium look, very easy to handle, works in the Caribbean, factory unlocked. Takes really good picture.
The phone was good...but after 2 or 3 months it just went off for no reason
Great Phone for the price paid for it. Great performance and specs overall excellent phone
I love it. This item is very nice and good performance. The camera, the battery works great. I need to buy it for my kids and my relatives for gift.
To me this is the greatest phone i ever had.. I fine it is really beautiful in colour and size.So if i had to purchase it again i would. The pictures are clean and plus it has a flash in the front and in the back. The filling of the phone is lightweight and the battery is removale.To me this is better than any Samsung s4 or s5.
The price is so good, and the phone works perfectly with both chips, and with the memory card. It was an amazing purchase.
Una maravilla
i love the feature on this phone ,and the ship time was excellent
I really like the phone and is very practical so far not given me problems
It's nice still waiting on the marshmallow update it works fine so far still learning the phone
Good phone, I really like it. I'm giving a 4 because even with a micro sd memory, There is not way to send some programs directly from google play to memory and it always runs out of space.
As a dual SIM Android Phone, its awesome, but once you load it up with Apps the 8Gb Memory disappears very quickly - even with the movement of most Apps to SD. Also Bluetooth fails me continually, but runs better if I keep over 1.5Gb of space in Storage. If you don't use Bluetooth functionality (daily) its a brilliant phone. All this being said I may just have a defective phone. The Amazon supplier is great, quick delivery.
Excellent article !
Nice phone...with good features at best price
Until now, its a good phone with an excellent price.
it is very goodBut the shipment was delayed for some time
I like the quality and inovation
Great!
very good, thahks
Excelente
Excelent
amazing cellphone and good price
Arrived fast and works with all types of SIM cards, worked in Dominican Republic and also with two different companies when I moved to Germany!
I love this phone
I have only started using my phone 6 days ago...so far the experience is greatI live in the Caribbean(St.Lucia) and I had no issues with the sim cards...was able to make calls as soon as the phone was set up.The 13mp Back camera is great and also the front.....The phone was delivered on time and I had no issues with the seller..... So far I am loving it..
All okay
Ok
Nice phone, works well no problems
Sleek, stylish and very functional. It's the international version, so it doesn't come loaded with bloatware.
Nice
really exit my expectations
Great product just out of the box.
It was a gift for my friend in the DR. She likes it and up till now no complaints.
love my new phone
Good battery life is the most impressive thing about this phone. Last two days with regular use.
It had the features I wanted: the camera and the radio. The phone is perfect for what I needed. I added a 32 GB micro SD card, internal memory is the only feature I will improve to this phone.
This is my 1st Samsung phone and I'm glad that I bought it. For the price the features are great.The pics from the camera are clear. I'm using this phone in the Caribbean and it works just great.
I was looking for a gift to give my mum but I didn't want to give her something that sucked. Knowing her, she's not very tech savy but she needed an upgrade desperately. This phone has all the bells and whistles (excluding a fingerprint scanner and front facing speakers). Good 5 inch 720P screen. Mediocre camera, however. Also upgradeable to Android 6.0 Marshmallow
Real good and unexpensive device. No complaints.
Worked amazing and has a nice clean feel.. love it...
Work as expected. It's factory unlocked. The only thing is that the plug is not for America, but it comes with an adapter to solve this little issue.
Great phone!
Thats a good phone
Very happy with this phone. Everything was as advertised.
good
Was an awesome gift. Thanks a lot. Item was as described.
OK, excellent seller
Excellent!
Excelent
Great phone, great price, works well in and out of the US.
meets my every need i totally love it
Omg I'm in love with this phone, the front cam with LED flash is AMAZING!! I have no problems with it at all, everything has been great.
Unlocked as stated no issues this far works very well love the camera and the resolution.
Perfect cell, it's really nice
I LOVE IT, MY PHONE
It's amazing, I love it
Awesome phone with an awesome price, would definitely buy again
excelente
Phone is working great with the exceptio that I would rather 16GB internal memory but aside of that I'm enjoying the use of it. I would recommend it as I can use it both in the US and in the Caribbean.
This phone is amazing. I love the panorama feature of the camera, the camera is so clean and clear it makes pictures look better. perfect replacement phone for my s4 that went bad. i love this better.
item as described
This is a great cell phone. I like itIt shoot great photos and videos
I find value for money for this phone. I was so hesitant to migrate to Samsung phone. Now am embroided in the brand.
Nice phone. Meets the expectations.
I bought this for my wife I live in Trinidad so I wanted an unlock phone, I was on a cruise vacation and use it to test, it is fantastic took really beautiful pics and video under all conditions. I am an iphone user this is much simpler to use, shel loves the phone and my sister actually bought one for herself and they are not at all phone savvy now they are using all the apps and features on the phone,they totally love it.
Great phone, lightweight, comfortable
Perfect!!
Perfect quality and price !!!!!
It's easy to use. Love it.
Unlocked exactly as picture. .thank u
It is good and works well in venezuela, recommended 100%. Good seller
For a less expensive phone it seems pretty good-- using for travel
It is very nice phone . I love it
i bought 2 of them for different persons and they love them. no complaints
So far it does the same as the phone I crashed. I am glad I purchased it. It came fast and I felt like I really didn't miss anything.
Best the shipping was good the phone works well thank you guys
This Product Was Really Nice. Excellent Quality
excelent phone
Original branded product
Love it!
I bought this cellphone for my fathers birthday & he loves it. the picture quality is awesome...
Product was delivered on time in great condition. Was for overseas markets, with a 220 Volt recharger, but configured for USB recharging also, so no problem. Worked as advertised, unlocked, and I installed an international sim card that is compatible with US carriers. No problems or issues to date.
Excelente
I bought this phone for my sister n law and she loves it. Nice phone for the price!
Awesome!!
Very good
Thanks
I' m in Venezuela the product come to my cousing house and did not bring the correct charger to latinoamerican even thouth IT is a international version. I will have to buy another charger to my phone, IT is the firts time that happen i have bought cell three time by amazon.
https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-J5-Smartphone-International/dp/B014GCG150/ref=sr_1_1?s=wireless&ie=UTF8&qid=1469458904&sr=1-1&keywoSamsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500H/DS GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone, International Version (Gold)rds=samsung+j5+unlocked
Good!
I am happy. Is practique and beatiflor
Great phone for teenegers
Great phone!!!!
I love my samsung j5 phone I am going to buy two more soon
Phone excellent
excelent product
it works grate I like it a lot it has a lot of features
I have only started using my phone 2 days ago...so far the experience is greatI live in the Caribbean(Barbados) and I had no issues with the sim cards...was able to make calls as soon as the phone was set up. For music lovers like me, don't go looking for media as with other Samsungs....it's not there...the phone uses a Google music appPhone is carrying Android lollipop version and so far it's moving quick and smoothlyThe phone comes with a 13mp back camera but I have not been able to test the camera quality as yet... I took one selfie with the front camera at night an it came out pretty niceThe phone was delivered in the time frame it was supposed to and I had no issues with the sellerAll in all...so far I'm enjoying the Samsung Galaxy J5 experience
all ok 10/10
My daughter loves that phone , she doesn`t have any complains about it . The front facing camera is perfect .
Love it!
Good product.
I works great,very happy thanks.
it is just an amazing phone.
Great phone
I wiil buy again
Good product!
great phone, not a killer but very decent, my kid bought it for the front camera and the front flash...
Phone arrived earlier then expected. works like a charm. Perfect size and exactly what i wanted
I defenitly loved my new phone everything is great about it. Just what i expected.
Daughter is fascinated with this birthday gift.
I got this phone for Straighttalk and haven't had any issues except sending/downloading pictures, but I'm pretty sure I can get this fixed with tech support. The phone itself was brand new, came with a bunch of cool stuff (European charger, though, so the prongs don't fit in my outlets, but it came with a cord and earphones which makes up for it). The battery life lasts me all day so far, the internet is speedy, and it has not froze or closed apps unexpectedly yet. Had it for about two weeks. Would definitely recommend!
My son is so in love with the phone he can't put it down
good service, good experience!
I bought it a month ago, and we dont have any problem, i have all with this phone the camera is nice and works so good with the cellphone company
the phone is perpect how have to get to know it
Hice cel
Love it
Very good product
grea ti item, ast shipping!! 100%
Great cell, good shipping.
For the money this is a really nice phone...
Good deal,
Good Purchase
This I bought for someone else, and is happy with the product.
so far so good!
Original branded product
Love it!
I bought this cellphone for my fathers birthday & he loves it. the picture quality is awesome...
Product was delivered on time in great condition. Was for overseas markets, with a 220 Volt recharger, but configured for USB recharging also, so no problem. Worked as advertised, unlocked, and I installed an international sim card that is compatible with US carriers. No problems or issues to date.
Excelente
good stuff
My galaxy j5 was very happy with ..Battery life not he best ..But over all good pH for the cost ..
Nice as described !
Need to charge daily but works as expected
Pretty good
i liked it but it worked at my local att store which is a shame
Nice but doesnt have Marshmallow update yet ..waiting for it
Excellent
This phone was ordered for a friend and he liked it.
This phone is phenomenal. It's great for the price. Having doubts? You can relinquish them cuz it is awesome.
This was a gift to my wife - she just love the Samsung; addicted to it :-)
Excelent
Excelente
the phone is perpect how have to get to know it
Hice cel
excellent
I am very pleased with my J5. I've had it months now; it's super fast and no problems at all. It was a wonderful purchase. Had no problems where the condition is concerned. Thumbs up to the seller.
It is a great cheap phone.
The phone was as advertised
the phone is very responsive and easy to control multiple functions. texting can be a little extra sensitive with the keys but it has all of the main options/apps without much excess or promotional annoyances. the camera is good quality also, just change a few settings in the menu for high quality on the rear camera with a decent memory card.
GOOD
For anyone who just needs a smartphone for a decent price, this is the phone to go with. With that being said, don't expect some Galaxy S7 quality when using this phone, but it is pretty good at holding its own. The one thing that surprised me was that this has a 5MP front camera and a 13MP back camera when the specs on Amazon are a tad different. I bought 2 of these phones, one in white and one in gold. Both have the same features and are used by 2 different people who have no complaints about the phone. Memory is a bit limited on this phone, but a microSD card is supported and I highly recommend grabbing one if you use your phone to store a lot. I currently have it running on Lollipop 5.0.2 but it is has an update pending so it can go a bit more than that. Other unique thing about this phone is that it has a LED flash on both sides of the phone, so all photos will remain bright. In general, I would suggest this phone to someone who is either waiting for the next flagship and needs a temporary phone or for someone who needs the capabilities of a smartphone at a low price. RAM is 1.5GB on the Samsung Galaxy J5 while average smartphone RAM is 2GB and flagship level is 4GB now. It can run a fair amount of processes, but I haven't tried any heavy duty things on the phone. I didn't give it 5 stars because finding accessories for this phone are a little harder in the U.S. because this isn't that mainstream of a phone.
This Phone met all My Expectations... I actually gave it as a gift, and my wife loves it especially the 5megapixel front Camera with led Flash...
thanks good price
I love it
Excellent phone for the price.
Love them. Ive ordered twice from them now and both times everything has been perfect. Thank you
Great phone,good battery life, lovely screen display and a real joy for selfie shots just get yourself a micro sd card as well, if you're heavy into snapping pics to use on your social media apps.
nice phone
meets my every need i totally love it
Omg I'm in love with this phone, the front cam with LED flash is AMAZING!! I have no problems with it at all, everything has been great.
Unlocked as stated no issues this far works very well love the camera and the resolution.
Perfect cell, it's really nice
I LOVE IT, MY PHONE
Perfect!!!!
Great Phone
simply. ...100%
I like this product very much, very nice, bright screen and functions....the only throwback was the fine print that i did not read about the 'international version' which included a British adapter/charger, which does me absolutely no good where I live...other than that, a very nice phone for the price
It's a good cellphone.
Works perfect in Ecuador. I hope buy other quickly.
No problems so far.More than a month working fine.The only thing I didn't like is that if doesn't have a compass. But had nothing to do with the rating.
Great device
great buy
exito
Good price
will buy again
Awesome Cellphone!
Real stuff - works perfect.
Love it. Just as I expected.
I am one of those people who is not into paying exhorbitant amounts of money for a phone. All of my previous phones have been my siblings hand me downs and this is the first I ever purchase for myself. Me being me, I researched everywhere for what kind of phone will serve my purposes. Mostly I was aming for excellent camera that could photograph everything I have to show my coworkers later and also had a great reception for making and receiving calls in all seven floors of the hospital.This phone delivered.Not only am I super please with its performance at almost everything but I am amazed that one such phone can cost this price. And it has a high end finish and the gold color make it look amazing. Compared to my sister's iPhone 6 I'd say it almost does everything she can do with hers. It's light and sophisticated and has a quick response at everything I've done so far. Even better than hers is that this one holds two SIMs, which works perfectly with my life as I love to travel. So far I've tested two of my international SIMs and they both worked great.It's also my first android phone ever, as I'd previously only used the iOS softwares I was expecting a nightmare. It wasn't. It wasn't also exactly breezy but the phone is not to blame for that. Also I was pleasently surprised with the amount of apps you can get.The only thing though is, get an SD card. No matter how little you think you need it, you're going to need it.
This Samsung phone offers an excellent price/performance ratio.
Good works well in the philippines
Great phone for that price. Had no problem.
Dual SIM is nice. Robust, light, and reliable,Storage is rather small. 4GB free without patching. You end up with 2GB free after a few days.Good smartphone from Samsung.
samsung galaxy j5 is good product.,i like it.only plug of charger don't fit to use in america.plug of charger too big.
Very nice phone. And really affordable
without doubt the best mobile phone in my opinion for this price range
i love the feature on this phone ,and the ship time was excellent
I really like the phone and is very practical so far not given me problems
It's nice still waiting on the marshmallow update it works fine so far still learning the phone
Good phone, I really like it. I'm giving a 4 because even with a micro sd memory, There is not way to send some programs directly from google play to memory and it always runs out of space.
As a dual SIM Android Phone, its awesome, but once you load it up with Apps the 8Gb Memory disappears very quickly - even with the movement of most Apps to SD. Also Bluetooth fails me continually, but runs better if I keep over 1.5Gb of space in Storage. If you don't use Bluetooth functionality (daily) its a brilliant phone. All this being said I may just have a defective phone. The Amazon supplier is great, quick delivery.
Nice phone
Performs well. Another good Samsung phone.
Very satisfied
Great phone for the price, really worth it.
I Love my phone almost hv for 1 month WORKS perfectly very fast speed I gotta gt MEMORY card to better my storage but i do alot online THINGS and this way it keep me TONS of great speed QUALITY. I ONLY if WiFi and my service/speed is way btr and faster my previous phone was htc1 it doesn't act as good as this phone j5.. it has more space my old one but this j5 has way less but still TODAY it's fast uploading OR down awesome front pics also same quality as rear pic camera they both work amazing selfies cm OUT PICTURE perfect clear QUALITY!!! I hv at&t pay as u go unlimited plan it works very well I if great pkup service and more... I gotta find me a Strong durability outterbox or case that will PROTECT cause it very light weight and thin which I Love but if dropped I know what hpn then so definitely gotta find great classy case holder w good screen protection 100%%%% but IMUST GV my review and Shout out.... This phone rocks. Recommending to only ADULT handeling DUE to SIZE and thin lightness of this phone but if u gt for urself or especially a kid please mksure buy a protective carrying screen protector all in 1 cell case.... Oh 1 more thing. I only hv charge every 2-3 days Remember what I said. I do tons of online THINGS etc and the j5 BATTERY is damn good BATTERY plus only TKS about 20-35 mins if completely dead to gt a 100% full recharge... I got the gold it looks sharp and shiny.... I hope, I WAS helpful tnx Samsung ONLY phone company I've ever trusted u rock...
Nice phone and timely shipment.
Got this phone for my niece and she totally love it
Pretty good phone. Great camera that takes beautiful pictures. Frequent lagging and freezing though.
Love it ......the best to use in Jamaica .... not much to say ....I don't regret buying this..
Great phone
Great phone.
good product
This product is trash
great phone ... just to say that have and great battery on the phone,this is normal use...
Did not receive a charger head but otherwise all is well.
excelent
Everything was perfect!
Excellent phone!
It has all you need
The phone is working perfectly
It comes in perfect conditions.
I really like this phone...its got a very nice screen, HDIt responds very quickly which is awesome and its sleek
Wow! The camera on this phone is one of its best features.. I bought this for my daughter as her Galaxy S4 mini is beginning to see its years and getting slow and freezing at times, I was going to get it service but when I saw the offer of a phone at $192. from Samsung with a 13MP camera I just had to get it for her and it turned out to be a good buy as she likes taking pictures and did a basic photography course. I also bought a sixteen micro sd form Amazon .. now she have a phone and a very light handy camera.
Exellent product this phone works very well in Venezuela
Good phone... in a test period... but it's good until now
Excelent cellphone
I love my new phone
Good product
perfect!!
This phone was great for my mother as I battled to acclimate her to smart phone technology.
item as described
This is a great cell phone. I like itIt shoot great photos and videos
I find value for money for this phone. I was so hesitant to migrate to Samsung phone. Now am embroided in the brand.
Nice phone. Meets the expectations.
I bought this for my wife I live in Trinidad so I wanted an unlock phone, I was on a cruise vacation and use it to test, it is fantastic took really beautiful pics and video under all conditions. I am an iphone user this is much simpler to use, shel loves the phone and my sister actually bought one for herself and they are not at all phone savvy now they are using all the apps and features on the phone,they totally love it.
Excelent
So far I have not had any problem with the phone I've only used it for a week.
Love it
good product and service
Great could not expect better
Great value for the price
samsung j5, wow !!! , thin, light and deff fast enough for me, price, really good, if anything goes wrong because i frequently bang up y phone i would deff buy another
Awesome phone , great features
I can't seem to change my ringtone to an mp3 that I have stored on the phone. Is anyone else having this problem? HELP!Other than that, the phone works fine.
Excelente teléfono
Great phone for the money! You can upgrade the memory with a micro SD card 128G!
Works great.
Works perfect in Ecuador. I hope buy other quickly.
No problems so far.More than a month working fine.The only thing I didn't like is that if doesn't have a compass. But had nothing to do with the rating.
Great device
great buy
exito
Dual SIM is nice. Robust, light, and reliable,Storage is rather small. 4GB free without patching. You end up with 2GB free after a few days.Good smartphone from Samsung.
samsung galaxy j5 is good product.,i like it.only plug of charger don't fit to use in america.plug of charger too big.
Very nice phone. And really affordable
without doubt the best mobile phone in my opinion for this price range
For the price I don't think you can beat this phone. I use a S7 and got this for my daughter. The battery life in this phone blows away my S7's. The camera is just mediocre, but plenty good enough for a kid. Speed is good enough to smoothly run any game she plays. The display is great considering the price.
great phone , the camara is amazing
great phone.
It's really good, I Like the size, the screen and Camera, And tus price!!! I recommend it
very nice thanks
SImple to use and just what i needed
Works well, battery lasts well although I am not a heavy user. I enjoy the screen when looking at photos/videos, the picture quality is excellent.
Made my day .I ordered 2 white samsung for my cousins in nepal but i can't figure out if its unlock or not i hope its unlock so they can use it. Good looking and the camera is 👍🏻. They will love it 💕
Yes very satisfied.
This product is trash
great phone ... just to say that have and great battery on the phone,this is normal use...
Did not receive a charger head but otherwise all is well.
excelent
This phone is phenomenal. It's great for the price. Having doubts? You can relinquish them cuz it is awesome.
This was a gift to my wife - she just love the Samsung; addicted to it :-)
Excelent
Excelente
item as described
This is a great cell phone. I like itIt shoot great photos and videos
I find value for money for this phone. I was so hesitant to migrate to Samsung phone. Now am embroided in the brand.
Nice phone. Meets the expectations.
I bought this for my wife I live in Trinidad so I wanted an unlock phone, I was on a cruise vacation and use it to test, it is fantastic took really beautiful pics and video under all conditions. I am an iphone user this is much simpler to use, shel loves the phone and my sister actually bought one for herself and they are not at all phone savvy now they are using all the apps and features on the phone,they totally love it.
Great phone, lightweight, comfortable
Perfect!!
Perfect quality and price !!!!!
It's easy to use. Love it.
Unlocked exactly as picture. .thank u
Great Phone. Great Camera.
in working condition and on time delivery
Great phone we bought for our granddaughter. Very happy with the price and the functionality
EXCELLENT
The only bad was that all the instructions were in Chinese. But the phone was excellent.
I like it. Thanks
Phone works well
Excellent cellphone. high quality. Works perfectly in Venezuela. Thank you soooo much!
So far working great however one Phone has low storage straight from the begining after restoring my apps and the camera continually fails, however i have recently purchased a larger MicroSD card with hopes that with better storage the camera would stop failling
This is an excellent product and content
had it for one day i like it, very nice phone.
The phone has a premium look, very easy to handle, works in the Caribbean, factory unlocked. Takes really good picture.
The phone was good...but after 2 or 3 months it just went off for no reason
Great Phone for the price paid for it. Great performance and specs overall excellent phone
I love it. This item is very nice and good performance. The camera, the battery works great. I need to buy it for my kids and my relatives for gift.
To me this is the greatest phone i ever had.. I fine it is really beautiful in colour and size.So if i had to purchase it again i would. The pictures are clean and plus it has a flash in the front and in the back. The filling of the phone is lightweight and the battery is removale.To me this is better than any Samsung s4 or s5.
The price is so good, and the phone works perfectly with both chips, and with the memory card. It was an amazing purchase.
Una maravilla
It's a nice looking phone and the videos are lovely looking plus it's very durable. But i do wish the phone had more storage space.
excelente. gracias!
Good product, delivered on time. Works well. Have used in South Africa and Central America. Would not hesitate to purchase this again.
Excelent
So far I have not had any problem with the phone I've only used it for a week.
Love it
good product and service
I' m in Venezuela the product come to my cousing house and did not bring the correct charger to latinoamerican even thouth IT is a international version. I will have to buy another charger to my phone, IT is the firts time that happen i have bought cell three time by amazon.
https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-J5-Smartphone-International/dp/B014GCG150/ref=sr_1_1?s=wireless&ie=UTF8&qid=1469458904&sr=1-1&keywoSamsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500H/DS GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone, International Version (Gold)rds=samsung+j5+unlocked
Good!
I am happy. Is practique and beatiflor
Great phone for teenegers
Great phone!!!!
I love my samsung j5 phone I am going to buy two more soon
Phone excellent
excelent product
it works grate I like it a lot it has a lot of features
Excellent
Everything is in mint condition and I was able to setup the phone without problem.
Good
Purchases for business trip to Philippines and it worked fine without a problem. Also used to Lycatel prepaid service for someone who visited in US for few months. This support only 3G, but you may not feel the big difference from 4G anyway. This can be good for back up on business trips for other countries oitside of USA. Very good for what i paid for.
It came on time and was as described , met my expectations fully.
I love it and the camera quality is great.
love it
very good
I have only started using my phone 2 days ago...so far the experience is greatI live in the Caribbean(Barbados) and I had no issues with the sim cards...was able to make calls as soon as the phone was set up. For music lovers like me, don't go looking for media as with other Samsungs....it's not there...the phone uses a Google music appPhone is carrying Android lollipop version and so far it's moving quick and smoothlyThe phone comes with a 13mp back camera but I have not been able to test the camera quality as yet... I took one selfie with the front camera at night an it came out pretty niceThe phone was delivered in the time frame it was supposed to and I had no issues with the sellerAll in all...so far I'm enjoying the Samsung Galaxy J5 experience
all ok 10/10
My daughter loves that phone , she doesn`t have any complains about it . The front facing camera is perfect .
Love it!
Great could not expect better
Great value for the price
samsung j5, wow !!! , thin, light and deff fast enough for me, price, really good, if anything goes wrong because i frequently bang up y phone i would deff buy another
I ordered this phone for my son. It arrived on time, but the charger is not working. So i decided to let him use my charger instead. Other than that, its ok.
i love it. no hiccups, or missing items, everything that was said that was coming came with it
the phone is very responsive and easy to control multiple functions. texting can be a little extra sensitive with the keys but it has all of the main options/apps without much excess or promotional annoyances. the camera is good quality also, just change a few settings in the menu for high quality on the rear camera with a decent memory card.
GOOD
For anyone who just needs a smartphone for a decent price, this is the phone to go with. With that being said, don't expect some Galaxy S7 quality when using this phone, but it is pretty good at holding its own. The one thing that surprised me was that this has a 5MP front camera and a 13MP back camera when the specs on Amazon are a tad different. I bought 2 of these phones, one in white and one in gold. Both have the same features and are used by 2 different people who have no complaints about the phone. Memory is a bit limited on this phone, but a microSD card is supported and I highly recommend grabbing one if you use your phone to store a lot. I currently have it running on Lollipop 5.0.2 but it is has an update pending so it can go a bit more than that. Other unique thing about this phone is that it has a LED flash on both sides of the phone, so all photos will remain bright. In general, I would suggest this phone to someone who is either waiting for the next flagship and needs a temporary phone or for someone who needs the capabilities of a smartphone at a low price. RAM is 1.5GB on the Samsung Galaxy J5 while average smartphone RAM is 2GB and flagship level is 4GB now. It can run a fair amount of processes, but I haven't tried any heavy duty things on the phone. I didn't give it 5 stars because finding accessories for this phone are a little harder in the U.S. because this isn't that mainstream of a phone.
This Phone met all My Expectations... I actually gave it as a gift, and my wife loves it especially the 5megapixel front Camera with led Flash...
thanks good price
Great phone
Great phone.
good product
i love the feature on this phone ,and the ship time was excellent
I really like the phone and is very practical so far not given me problems
It's nice still waiting on the marshmallow update it works fine so far still learning the phone
Good phone, I really like it. I'm giving a 4 because even with a micro sd memory, There is not way to send some programs directly from google play to memory and it always runs out of space.
As a dual SIM Android Phone, its awesome, but once you load it up with Apps the 8Gb Memory disappears very quickly - even with the movement of most Apps to SD. Also Bluetooth fails me continually, but runs better if I keep over 1.5Gb of space in Storage. If you don't use Bluetooth functionality (daily) its a brilliant phone. All this being said I may just have a defective phone. The Amazon supplier is great, quick delivery.
Excellent article !
Nice phone...with good features at best price
Until now, its a good phone with an excellent price.
it is very goodBut the shipment was delayed for some time
I bought it for my little sister... its a basic phone that meets all her needs as i didn't want to purchase anything expensive for her... and it has a good camera for her selfies with flash at the front and back! She 15 and she like it... so thumbs up!!!
This phone is great for me, this is the best smart phone I ever had.
so far so good
High quality product.
good stuff
My galaxy j5 was very happy with ..Battery life not he best ..But over all good pH for the cost ..
Nice as described !
Need to charge daily but works as expected
Pretty good
Excellent phone as advertised.
Great phone for the money! You can upgrade the memory with a micro SD card 128G!
Works great.
Excelent product
good
This phone works great!
yup. happy with the fone....
Excellent product arrived in time indicated
Original branded product
Love it!
I bought this cellphone for my fathers birthday & he loves it. the picture quality is awesome...
Product was delivered on time in great condition. Was for overseas markets, with a 220 Volt recharger, but configured for USB recharging also, so no problem. Worked as advertised, unlocked, and I installed an international sim card that is compatible with US carriers. No problems or issues to date.
Excelente
I bought this phone for my sister n law and she loves it. Nice phone for the price!
Awesome!!
Very good
Thanks
It is good and works well in venezuela, recommended 100%. Good seller
For a less expensive phone it seems pretty good-- using for travel
It is very nice phone . I love it
i bought 2 of them for different persons and they love them. no complaints
So far it does the same as the phone I crashed. I am glad I purchased it. It came fast and I felt like I really didn't miss anything.
Best the shipping was good the phone works well thank you guys
This Product Was Really Nice. Excellent Quality
excelent phone
i liked it but it worked at my local att store which is a shame
Nice but doesnt have Marshmallow update yet ..waiting for it
Excellent
This phone was ordered for a friend and he liked it.
Hi. Everything it's good.. but i need the adapter to charge. I have only one and i ordered 2 cellphones
Grate phone love it !!!
I just do love this phone very much! Will surely introduce to my friends who are about to purchase an android phone!
They are perfect.
Smartphone arrived on time & intact ( BRAND NEW) ; works perfect and runs smooth.Great value of a device; Just needed a smartphone, to get me running...until another purchase! ;-)
Very happy with this phone. Everything was as advertised.
good
Was an awesome gift. Thanks a lot. Item was as described.
OK, excellent seller
Excellent!
Excelent
Great phone, great price, works well in and out of the US.
no issues when I used it my over seas travel
very very good. definitely worth the money. works well in Israel. fast shipping! thank you
very good phone. better than the S4 and S5.
For the money this is a really nice phone...
Good deal,
Good Purchase
This I bought for someone else, and is happy with the product.
so far so good!
Good product.
I works great,very happy thanks.
it is just an amazing phone.
Great phone
I like the quality and inovation
Great!
very good, thahks
Excelente
Excelent
amazing cellphone and good price
Arrived fast and works with all types of SIM cards, worked in Dominican Republic and also with two different companies when I moved to Germany!
I love this phone
I Love my phone almost hv for 1 month WORKS perfectly very fast speed I gotta gt MEMORY card to better my storage but i do alot online THINGS and this way it keep me TONS of great speed QUALITY. I ONLY if WiFi and my service/speed is way btr and faster my previous phone was htc1 it doesn't act as good as this phone j5.. it has more space my old one but this j5 has way less but still TODAY it's fast uploading OR down awesome front pics also same quality as rear pic camera they both work amazing selfies cm OUT PICTURE perfect clear QUALITY!!! I hv at&t pay as u go unlimited plan it works very well I if great pkup service and more... I gotta find me a Strong durability outterbox or case that will PROTECT cause it very light weight and thin which I Love but if dropped I know what hpn then so definitely gotta find great classy case holder w good screen protection 100%%%% but IMUST GV my review and Shout out.... This phone rocks. Recommending to only ADULT handeling DUE to SIZE and thin lightness of this phone but if u gt for urself or especially a kid please mksure buy a protective carrying screen protector all in 1 cell case.... Oh 1 more thing. I only hv charge every 2-3 days Remember what I said. I do tons of online THINGS etc and the j5 BATTERY is damn good BATTERY plus only TKS about 20-35 mins if completely dead to gt a 100% full recharge... I got the gold it looks sharp and shiny.... I hope, I WAS helpful tnx Samsung ONLY phone company I've ever trusted u rock...
Nice phone and timely shipment.
Got this phone for my niece and she totally love it
Pretty good phone. Great camera that takes beautiful pictures. Frequent lagging and freezing though.
Love it ......the best to use in Jamaica .... not much to say ....I don't regret buying this..
Good price
will buy again
Awesome Cellphone!
Real stuff - works perfect.
Love it. Just as I expected.
As expected
Very pleased!
I love it. The shipping was great I got it earlier than expected. I've owned a Samsung Galaxy S5 and this is equal to it. The camera on the J5 is BETTER than the S5! MUCH better!The only down fall was the 8GB of memory so make sure you grab a SD Memory card. My service is through ATT. The sound quality is great, texting, feel of the phone is equal to the quality of a 500.00 phone I've purchased. Buy a case for it though, the Galaxy S5 isnt going to fit. I think it's a tad longer.
Love it.
Nice Phone!
Good phone!
Great product, arrived early. Relatively the same experience as an S6 but getting that memory card is no joke 😅
I like it
Perfect!!!!
Great Phone
simply. ...100%
I like this product very much, very nice, bright screen and functions....the only throwback was the fine print that i did not read about the 'international version' which included a British adapter/charger, which does me absolutely no good where I live...other than that, a very nice phone for the price
It's a good cellphone.
Good phone, actually I bought two for a family members, they really love it
excelent
nice
Love my phone Im very happy Camera is great 13 mpixels and 5 in the front with flash. Works in Ecuador just Fine. Its duos.Its slim and lighweight. Battery lasts all day. Its Lollipop 5.1.1.I read a review of someone who said that cannot enter more than 1 number in a contact or email address, well, I just want to clarify that u can.
Nice phone
This is a good phone, easy to use. The only fault I find is that It does not give the option to group numbers, enter email addresses nor home addresses. If a person has more than one phone numbers they have to be entered individually.
I bought this phone for my daughter and she love it. the picture quality is great. I plan to purchase one for me soon.
very good
satisfied!!
Love it
Great value for money here. Front facing led is great for night time selfies. Phone is fast and responsive and decent camera. Better than any other is this price range.
Finally, I got an international unlocked phone. I went through so much headache till I found this one.
Such a incredible cellphone, as well as the descriptions
VeryGood!!!
Awesome phone , great features
I can't seem to change my ringtone to an mp3 that I have stored on the phone. Is anyone else having this problem? HELP!Other than that, the phone works fine.
This is an ok phone for the price I paid for it. I gave it four stars because of the keys doesn't vibrate when typing messages. I researched it and found out that this is so because of the new update. But overall it's a nice phone to have. Very fast, takes great pictures with it's 13megapix rear camera. And also the front camera with 5megapixel with a flash (wonderful for taking those selfies at nights ) makes this a plus for not have that vibration in texting .Would buy again tho.
excelente
Excelente teléfono
I wiil buy again
Good product!
great phone, not a killer but very decent, my kid bought it for the front camera and the front flash...
Phone arrived earlier then expected. works like a charm. Perfect size and exactly what i wanted
I defenitly loved my new phone everything is great about it. Just what i expected.
Daughter is fascinated with this birthday gift.
I got this phone for Straighttalk and haven't had any issues except sending/downloading pictures, but I'm pretty sure I can get this fixed with tech support. The phone itself was brand new, came with a bunch of cool stuff (European charger, though, so the prongs don't fit in my outlets, but it came with a cord and earphones which makes up for it). The battery life lasts me all day so far, the internet is speedy, and it has not froze or closed apps unexpectedly yet. Had it for about two weeks. Would definitely recommend!
My son is so in love with the phone he can't put it down
good service, good experience!
I bought it a month ago, and we dont have any problem, i have all with this phone the camera is nice and works so good with the cellphone company
I Made the right choice after reading your feed back . LOVE THIS CAMERA .
Worth what I paid for. It's fast and has a nice camera that gives high quality looking photos.
Best phone ever, works in trinidad just toss in both ur micro sims.
i love
I am satisfied.
excellent
I am very pleased with my J5. I've had it months now; it's super fast and no problems at all. It was a wonderful purchase. Had no problems where the condition is concerned. Thumbs up to the seller.
It is a great cheap phone.
The phone was as advertised
meets my every need i totally love it
Omg I'm in love with this phone, the front cam with LED flash is AMAZING!! I have no problems with it at all, everything has been great.
Unlocked as stated no issues this far works very well love the camera and the resolution.
Perfect cell, it's really nice
I LOVE IT, MY PHONE
It's amazing, I love it
Awesome phone with an awesome price, would definitely buy again
excelente
Phone is working great with the exceptio that I would rather 16GB internal memory but aside of that I'm enjoying the use of it. I would recommend it as I can use it both in the US and in the Caribbean.
This phone is amazing. I love the panorama feature of the camera, the camera is so clean and clear it makes pictures look better. perfect replacement phone for my s4 that went bad. i love this better.
love my new phone
Good battery life is the most impressive thing about this phone. Last two days with regular use.
It had the features I wanted: the camera and the radio. The phone is perfect for what I needed. I added a 32 GB micro SD card, internal memory is the only feature I will improve to this phone.
This is my 1st Samsung phone and I'm glad that I bought it. For the price the features are great.The pics from the camera are clear. I'm using this phone in the Caribbean and it works just great.
I was looking for a gift to give my mum but I didn't want to give her something that sucked. Knowing her, she's not very tech savy but she needed an upgrade desperately. This phone has all the bells and whistles (excluding a fingerprint scanner and front facing speakers). Good 5 inch 720P screen. Mediocre camera, however. Also upgradeable to Android 6.0 Marshmallow
Real good and unexpensive device. No complaints.
Worked amazing and has a nice clean feel.. love it...
Work as expected. It's factory unlocked. The only thing is that the plug is not for America, but it comes with an adapter to solve this little issue.
Great phone!
Thats a good phone
the phone is perpect how have to get to know it
Hice cel
Love it
Very good product
grea ti item, ast shipping!! 100%
Great cell, good shipping.
I love it
Excellent phone for the price.
Love them. Ive ordered twice from them now and both times everything has been perfect. Thank you
Great phone,good battery life, lovely screen display and a real joy for selfie shots just get yourself a micro sd card as well, if you're heavy into snapping pics to use on your social media apps.
nice phone
meets my every need i totally love it
Omg I'm in love with this phone, the front cam with LED flash is AMAZING!! I have no problems with it at all, everything has been great.
Unlocked as stated no issues this far works very well love the camera and the resolution.
Perfect cell, it's really nice
I LOVE IT, MY PHONE
Good phone... in a test period... but it's good until now
This phone is a very nice smartphone for the occasional user. If one looks at the memory used for the existing applications, it is about half full. So you won't be able to add a lot of extra apps, they may not fit in the 8GB memory. I added an extra memory card, but that only lets you store your pictures, music and only a few select apps. Most apps just install in the main memory. One nice thing in buying an unlocked phones is that it does not come with any bloatware from your cell phone carrier. But if you want you can install them yourself. The benefit is that you can also uninstall those, this is not possible with pre-installed apps from cell phone carriers.As this phone is for another market, be aware that when you boot it first time, it comes up in another language than English. This is not a problem, it is easy to figure out how to change it. I also found that the speed that the apps open and general usage is nice and fluid with no noticable slowdown. All in all a great phone for a non-power user. I am very happy with it.
Still trying it out. Looks promising to be a good product.
Overall the phone is perfect for what I needed. I looked at everything locally from the Samsung Galaxy Core Prime to the iPhone 6s. This is my first smart phone and data plan. I upgraded from a 6 year old Motorola Quantico flip phone. I couldn’t find what I wanted and I checked with my provider for compatibility and decided to order the GSM, Samsung J5, factory unlocked, international version because it had the features I wanted.SHIPPING: While browsing the website I found there were shipping restrictions on new cell phones due to the batteries. Amazon wouldn’t ship outside the continental 48 states (Amazon wouldn’t ship via air) so I had the phone shipped to a location I was going to visit in Washington State. I got a sim card from my local cell phone provider (not a large national company) before I left home and when the phone arrived I was there to receive it. BlutekUSA was the seller and Amazon fulfilled the order. I ordered it on 12/31/15. It arrived 3 days earlier than the estimate via UPS Ground from Virginia and was 7 days in transit.SETUP/USE: It was new in a factory sealed box and after setting the language from Hindi to English, installing the sim card and setting the APN (access point name) everything worked as it should in Seattle and later back home in Alaska. The APN setting can happen automatically but it didn’t for me. I don’t expect to be a heavy user but I tested most of the features. The processor is fast enough for running the available apps and the phone has a high resolution screen for photos, video and web browsing. With a fast cellular or Wi-Fi connection Netflix loaded really fast and ran in great looking HD. The front camera pictures are very good, 13 MP, and the internal storage, 8 GB, is sufficient for me. I added a 32 GB SD card but it can accept up to a 128 GB micro SD. I recommend looking at videos and the quick start or online manual so you know what you’re getting and where to install the sim or sims (it will accept 2 sim cards for 2 phone lines) and micro SD memory inside the back cover of the phone.
Excellent smartphone,good screen.
This is an excellent product and content
had it for one day i like it, very nice phone.
The phone has a premium look, very easy to handle, works in the Caribbean, factory unlocked. Takes really good picture.
The phone was good...but after 2 or 3 months it just went off for no reason
Great Phone for the price paid for it. Great performance and specs overall excellent phone
Sleek, stylish and very functional. It's the international version, so it doesn't come loaded with bloatware.
Nice
really exit my expectations
Great product just out of the box.
It was a gift for my friend in the DR. She likes it and up till now no complaints.
Love my phone !!! Exellent !!
Greatt!!!!
Thanks
Great phone! I ordered the unlocked version to work in Trinidad and Tobago and it works great and looks very nice. No problems at all and I have had the phone about 4 months now and still no complaints or issues.
100% satisfied
Excelent cellphone
I love my new phone
Good product
perfect!!
This phone was great for my mother as I battled to acclimate her to smart phone technology.
item as described
This is a great cell phone. I like itIt shoot great photos and videos
I find value for money for this phone. I was so hesitant to migrate to Samsung phone. Now am embroided in the brand.
Nice phone. Meets the expectations.
I bought this for my wife I live in Trinidad so I wanted an unlock phone, I was on a cruise vacation and use it to test, it is fantastic took really beautiful pics and video under all conditions. I am an iphone user this is much simpler to use, shel loves the phone and my sister actually bought one for herself and they are not at all phone savvy now they are using all the apps and features on the phone,they totally love it.
Everything was perfect!
Excellent phone!
It has all you need
The phone is working perfectly
It comes in perfect conditions.
I really like this phone...its got a very nice screen, HDIt responds very quickly which is awesome and its sleek
Wow! The camera on this phone is one of its best features.. I bought this for my daughter as her Galaxy S4 mini is beginning to see its years and getting slow and freezing at times, I was going to get it service but when I saw the offer of a phone at $192. from Samsung with a 13MP camera I just had to get it for her and it turned out to be a good buy as she likes taking pictures and did a basic photography course. I also bought a sixteen micro sd form Amazon .. now she have a phone and a very light handy camera.
Exellent product this phone works very well in Venezuela
Performs well. Another good Samsung phone.
Very satisfied
Great phone for the price, really worth it.
I Love my phone almost hv for 1 month WORKS perfectly very fast speed I gotta gt MEMORY card to better my storage but i do alot online THINGS and this way it keep me TONS of great speed QUALITY. I ONLY if WiFi and my service/speed is way btr and faster my previous phone was htc1 it doesn't act as good as this phone j5.. it has more space my old one but this j5 has way less but still TODAY it's fast uploading OR down awesome front pics also same quality as rear pic camera they both work amazing selfies cm OUT PICTURE perfect clear QUALITY!!! I hv at&t pay as u go unlimited plan it works very well I if great pkup service and more... I gotta find me a Strong durability outterbox or case that will PROTECT cause it very light weight and thin which I Love but if dropped I know what hpn then so definitely gotta find great classy case holder w good screen protection 100%%%% but IMUST GV my review and Shout out.... This phone rocks. Recommending to only ADULT handeling DUE to SIZE and thin lightness of this phone but if u gt for urself or especially a kid please mksure buy a protective carrying screen protector all in 1 cell case.... Oh 1 more thing. I only hv charge every 2-3 days Remember what I said. I do tons of online THINGS etc and the j5 BATTERY is damn good BATTERY plus only TKS about 20-35 mins if completely dead to gt a 100% full recharge... I got the gold it looks sharp and shiny.... I hope, I WAS helpful tnx Samsung ONLY phone company I've ever trusted u rock...
Nice phone and timely shipment.
Got this phone for my niece and she totally love it
Pretty good phone. Great camera that takes beautiful pictures. Frequent lagging and freezing though.
Love it ......the best to use in Jamaica .... not much to say ....I don't regret buying this..
Good price
GREAT PHONE/.
Great Phone! Value for money. You won't be disappointed.
Real good phone very fast and good battery life, just remember to buy an SD mini card for memory internal memory gets field up to quick.
This phone works beautifully. Package was received on time shipping to the US of course and was in new condition. I live in the Caribbean and I had a friend who brought it out for me, on receiving phone all i had to do was charge then once i inserted micro sim which it uses it works great. Just received it so no complaints thus far.
I' m in Venezuela the product come to my cousing house and did not bring the correct charger to latinoamerican even thouth IT is a international version. I will have to buy another charger to my phone, IT is the firts time that happen i have bought cell three time by amazon.
https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-J5-Smartphone-International/dp/B014GCG150/ref=sr_1_1?s=wireless&ie=UTF8&qid=1469458904&sr=1-1&keywoSamsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500H/DS GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone, International Version (Gold)rds=samsung+j5+unlocked
Good!
I am happy. Is practique and beatiflor
Great phone for teenegers
Great phone!!!!
Awesome phone , great features
I can't seem to change my ringtone to an mp3 that I have stored on the phone. Is anyone else having this problem? HELP!Other than that, the phone works fine.
Excelente teléfono
Great phone for the money! You can upgrade the memory with a micro SD card 128G!
Works great.
This phone is phenomenal. It's great for the price. Having doubts? You can relinquish them cuz it is awesome.
This was a gift to my wife - she just love the Samsung; addicted to it :-)
Excelent
Excelente
the phone is perpect how have to get to know it
Hice cel
it is just an amazing phone.
Great phone
This phone is great for me, this is the best smart phone I ever had.
so far so good
High quality product.
I have only started using my phone 2 days ago...so far the experience is greatI live in the Caribbean(Barbados) and I had no issues with the sim cards...was able to make calls as soon as the phone was set up. For music lovers like me, don't go looking for media as with other Samsungs....it's not there...the phone uses a Google music appPhone is carrying Android lollipop version and so far it's moving quick and smoothlyThe phone comes with a 13mp back camera but I have not been able to test the camera quality as yet... I took one selfie with the front camera at night an it came out pretty niceThe phone was delivered in the time frame it was supposed to and I had no issues with the sellerAll in all...so far I'm enjoying the Samsung Galaxy J5 experience
all ok 10/10
My daughter loves that phone , she doesn`t have any complains about it . The front facing camera is perfect .
Love it!
I Made the right choice after reading your feed back . LOVE THIS CAMERA .
Worth what I paid for. It's fast and has a nice camera that gives high quality looking photos.
Best phone ever, works in trinidad just toss in both ur micro sims.
i love
I am satisfied.
excellent
I am very pleased with my J5. I've had it months now; it's super fast and no problems at all. It was a wonderful purchase. Had no problems where the condition is concerned. Thumbs up to the seller.
It is a great cheap phone.
The phone was as advertised
I like the quality and inovation
Great!
very good, thahks
Excelente
Excelent
amazing cellphone and good price
Arrived fast and works with all types of SIM cards, worked in Dominican Republic and also with two different companies when I moved to Germany!
I love this phone
Good product.
I works great,very happy thanks.
it is just an amazing phone.
Great phone
the phone is perpect how have to get to know it
Hice cel
Love it
Very good product
grea ti item, ast shipping!! 100%
Great cell, good shipping.
came brand new no issues
The phone arrived new and in great condition. It's light and thin. I love the color, too.
Very Good
Great
Very nice Samsung Galaxy. Does everything I want in a phone.
Excelent cellphone
I love my new phone
Good product
perfect!!
This phone was great for my mother as I battled to acclimate her to smart phone technology.
I have only started using my phone 6 days ago...so far the experience is greatI live in the Caribbean(St.Lucia) and I had no issues with the sim cards...was able to make calls as soon as the phone was set up.The 13mp Back camera is great and also the front.....The phone was delivered on time and I had no issues with the seller..... So far I am loving it..
All okay
Ok
Nice phone, works well no problems
Sleek, stylish and very functional. It's the international version, so it doesn't come loaded with bloatware.
Nice
really exit my expectations
Great product just out of the box.
It was a gift for my friend in the DR. She likes it and up till now no complaints.
I am one of those people who is not into paying exhorbitant amounts of money for a phone. All of my previous phones have been my siblings hand me downs and this is the first I ever purchase for myself. Me being me, I researched everywhere for what kind of phone will serve my purposes. Mostly I was aming for excellent camera that could photograph everything I have to show my coworkers later and also had a great reception for making and receiving calls in all seven floors of the hospital.This phone delivered.Not only am I super please with its performance at almost everything but I am amazed that one such phone can cost this price. And it has a high end finish and the gold color make it look amazing. Compared to my sister's iPhone 6 I'd say it almost does everything she can do with hers. It's light and sophisticated and has a quick response at everything I've done so far. Even better than hers is that this one holds two SIMs, which works perfectly with my life as I love to travel. So far I've tested two of my international SIMs and they both worked great.It's also my first android phone ever, as I'd previously only used the iOS softwares I was expecting a nightmare. It wasn't. It wasn't also exactly breezy but the phone is not to blame for that. Also I was pleasently surprised with the amount of apps you can get.The only thing though is, get an SD card. No matter how little you think you need it, you're going to need it.
This Samsung phone offers an excellent price/performance ratio.
Good works well in the philippines
Great phone for that price. Had no problem.
I love it
Excellent phone for the price.
Love them. Ive ordered twice from them now and both times everything has been perfect. Thank you
Great phone,good battery life, lovely screen display and a real joy for selfie shots just get yourself a micro sd card as well, if you're heavy into snapping pics to use on your social media apps.
nice phone
I wiil buy again
Good product!
great phone, not a killer but very decent, my kid bought it for the front camera and the front flash...
Phone arrived earlier then expected. works like a charm. Perfect size and exactly what i wanted
I defenitly loved my new phone everything is great about it. Just what i expected.
Daughter is fascinated with this birthday gift.
I got this phone for Straighttalk and haven't had any issues except sending/downloading pictures, but I'm pretty sure I can get this fixed with tech support. The phone itself was brand new, came with a bunch of cool stuff (European charger, though, so the prongs don't fit in my outlets, but it came with a cord and earphones which makes up for it). The battery life lasts me all day so far, the internet is speedy, and it has not froze or closed apps unexpectedly yet. Had it for about two weeks. Would definitely recommend!
My son is so in love with the phone he can't put it down
good service, good experience!
I bought it a month ago, and we dont have any problem, i have all with this phone the camera is nice and works so good with the cellphone company
Very happy with this phone. Everything was as advertised.
good
Was an awesome gift. Thanks a lot. Item was as described.
OK, excellent seller
Excellent!
Excelent
Great phone, great price, works well in and out of the US.
Excellent
Everything is in mint condition and I was able to setup the phone without problem.
Good
Purchases for business trip to Philippines and it worked fine without a problem. Also used to Lycatel prepaid service for someone who visited in US for few months. This support only 3G, but you may not feel the big difference from 4G anyway. This can be good for back up on business trips for other countries oitside of USA. Very good for what i paid for.
It came on time and was as described , met my expectations fully.
I love it and the camera quality is great.
love it
very good
It's a nice looking phone and the videos are lovely looking plus it's very durable. But i do wish the phone had more storage space.
excelente. gracias!
Good product, delivered on time. Works well. Have used in South Africa and Central America. Would not hesitate to purchase this again.
Excelent
So far I have not had any problem with the phone I've only used it for a week.
Love it
good product and service
Excellent phone as advertised.
Great phone for the money! You can upgrade the memory with a micro SD card 128G!
Works great.
Excelent product
good
This phone works great!
yup. happy with the fone....
Excellent product arrived in time indicated
This product is trash
great phone ... just to say that have and great battery on the phone,this is normal use...
Did not receive a charger head but otherwise all is well.
excelent
This phone is phenomenal. It's great for the price. Having doubts? You can relinquish them cuz it is awesome.
This was a gift to my wife - she just love the Samsung; addicted to it :-)
Excelent
Excelente
Good phone, actually I bought two for a family members, they really love it
excelent
nice
Love my phone Im very happy Camera is great 13 mpixels and 5 in the front with flash. Works in Ecuador just Fine. Its duos.Its slim and lighweight. Battery lasts all day. Its Lollipop 5.1.1.I read a review of someone who said that cannot enter more than 1 number in a contact or email address, well, I just want to clarify that u can.
Nice phone
This is a good phone, easy to use. The only fault I find is that It does not give the option to group numbers, enter email addresses nor home addresses. If a person has more than one phone numbers they have to be entered individually.
I bought this phone for my daughter and she love it. the picture quality is great. I plan to purchase one for me soon.
very good
satisfied!!
The phone is working perfectly
It comes in perfect conditions.
I really like this phone...its got a very nice screen, HDIt responds very quickly which is awesome and its sleek
Wow! The camera on this phone is one of its best features.. I bought this for my daughter as her Galaxy S4 mini is beginning to see its years and getting slow and freezing at times, I was going to get it service but when I saw the offer of a phone at $192. from Samsung with a 13MP camera I just had to get it for her and it turned out to be a good buy as she likes taking pictures and did a basic photography course. I also bought a sixteen micro sd form Amazon .. now she have a phone and a very light handy camera.
Exellent product this phone works very well in Venezuela
Good phone... in a test period... but it's good until now
This phone is a very nice smartphone for the occasional user. If one looks at the memory used for the existing applications, it is about half full. So you won't be able to add a lot of extra apps, they may not fit in the 8GB memory. I added an extra memory card, but that only lets you store your pictures, music and only a few select apps. Most apps just install in the main memory. One nice thing in buying an unlocked phones is that it does not come with any bloatware from your cell phone carrier. But if you want you can install them yourself. The benefit is that you can also uninstall those, this is not possible with pre-installed apps from cell phone carriers.As this phone is for another market, be aware that when you boot it first time, it comes up in another language than English. This is not a problem, it is easy to figure out how to change it. I also found that the speed that the apps open and general usage is nice and fluid with no noticable slowdown. All in all a great phone for a non-power user. I am very happy with it.
Still trying it out. Looks promising to be a good product.
Overall the phone is perfect for what I needed. I looked at everything locally from the Samsung Galaxy Core Prime to the iPhone 6s. This is my first smart phone and data plan. I upgraded from a 6 year old Motorola Quantico flip phone. I couldn’t find what I wanted and I checked with my provider for compatibility and decided to order the GSM, Samsung J5, factory unlocked, international version because it had the features I wanted.SHIPPING: While browsing the website I found there were shipping restrictions on new cell phones due to the batteries. Amazon wouldn’t ship outside the continental 48 states (Amazon wouldn’t ship via air) so I had the phone shipped to a location I was going to visit in Washington State. I got a sim card from my local cell phone provider (not a large national company) before I left home and when the phone arrived I was there to receive it. BlutekUSA was the seller and Amazon fulfilled the order. I ordered it on 12/31/15. It arrived 3 days earlier than the estimate via UPS Ground from Virginia and was 7 days in transit.SETUP/USE: It was new in a factory sealed box and after setting the language from Hindi to English, installing the sim card and setting the APN (access point name) everything worked as it should in Seattle and later back home in Alaska. The APN setting can happen automatically but it didn’t for me. I don’t expect to be a heavy user but I tested most of the features. The processor is fast enough for running the available apps and the phone has a high resolution screen for photos, video and web browsing. With a fast cellular or Wi-Fi connection Netflix loaded really fast and ran in great looking HD. The front camera pictures are very good, 13 MP, and the internal storage, 8 GB, is sufficient for me. I added a 32 GB SD card but it can accept up to a 128 GB micro SD. I recommend looking at videos and the quick start or online manual so you know what you’re getting and where to install the sim or sims (it will accept 2 sim cards for 2 phone lines) and micro SD memory inside the back cover of the phone.
Excellent smartphone,good screen.
Good phone!
Great product, arrived early. Relatively the same experience as an S6 but getting that memory card is no joke 😅
I like it
Perfect!!!!
Great Phone
simply. ...100%
I like this product very much, very nice, bright screen and functions....the only throwback was the fine print that i did not read about the 'international version' which included a British adapter/charger, which does me absolutely no good where I live...other than that, a very nice phone for the price
It's a good cellphone.
item as described
This is a great cell phone. I like itIt shoot great photos and videos
I find value for money for this phone. I was so hesitant to migrate to Samsung phone. Now am embroided in the brand.
Nice phone. Meets the expectations.
I bought this for my wife I live in Trinidad so I wanted an unlock phone, I was on a cruise vacation and use it to test, it is fantastic took really beautiful pics and video under all conditions. I am an iphone user this is much simpler to use, shel loves the phone and my sister actually bought one for herself and they are not at all phone savvy now they are using all the apps and features on the phone,they totally love it.
Great phone, lightweight, comfortable
Perfect!!
Perfect quality and price !!!!!
It's easy to use. Love it.
Unlocked exactly as picture. .thank u
Love my phone !!! Exellent !!
Greatt!!!!
Thanks
Great phone! I ordered the unlocked version to work in Trinidad and Tobago and it works great and looks very nice. No problems at all and I have had the phone about 4 months now and still no complaints or issues.
100% satisfied
Nice phone
Performs well. Another good Samsung phone.
Very satisfied
Great phone for the price, really worth it.
Works perfect in Ecuador. I hope buy other quickly.
No problems so far.More than a month working fine.The only thing I didn't like is that if doesn't have a compass. But had nothing to do with the rating.
Great device
great buy
exito
Dual SIM is nice. Robust, light, and reliable,Storage is rather small. 4GB free without patching. You end up with 2GB free after a few days.Good smartphone from Samsung.
samsung galaxy j5 is good product.,i like it.only plug of charger don't fit to use in america.plug of charger too big.
Very nice phone. And really affordable
without doubt the best mobile phone in my opinion for this price range
This is an excellent product and content
had it for one day i like it, very nice phone.
The phone has a premium look, very easy to handle, works in the Caribbean, factory unlocked. Takes really good picture.
The phone was good...but after 2 or 3 months it just went off for no reason
Great Phone for the price paid for it. Great performance and specs overall excellent phone
I love it. This item is very nice and good performance. The camera, the battery works great. I need to buy it for my kids and my relatives for gift.
To me this is the greatest phone i ever had.. I fine it is really beautiful in colour and size.So if i had to purchase it again i would. The pictures are clean and plus it has a flash in the front and in the back. The filling of the phone is lightweight and the battery is removale.To me this is better than any Samsung s4 or s5.
The price is so good, and the phone works perfectly with both chips, and with the memory card. It was an amazing purchase.
Una maravilla
Nice Phone!
I Made the right choice after reading your feed back . LOVE THIS CAMERA .
Worth what I paid for. It's fast and has a nice camera that gives high quality looking photos.
Best phone ever, works in trinidad just toss in both ur micro sims.
i love
I am satisfied.
Real good and unexpensive device. No complaints.
Worked amazing and has a nice clean feel.. love it...
Work as expected. It's factory unlocked. The only thing is that the plug is not for America, but it comes with an adapter to solve this little issue.
Great phone!
Thats a good phone
Good phone!
Great product, arrived early. Relatively the same experience as an S6 but getting that memory card is no joke 😅
I like it
So far it does the same as the phone I crashed. I am glad I purchased it. It came fast and I felt like I really didn't miss anything.
Best the shipping was good the phone works well thank you guys
This Product Was Really Nice. Excellent Quality
excelent phone
Great Phone. Great Camera.
in working condition and on time delivery
Great phone we bought for our granddaughter. Very happy with the price and the functionality
EXCELLENT
It's amazing, I love it
Awesome phone with an awesome price, would definitely buy again
excelente
Phone is working great with the exceptio that I would rather 16GB internal memory but aside of that I'm enjoying the use of it. I would recommend it as I can use it both in the US and in the Caribbean.
This phone is amazing. I love the panorama feature of the camera, the camera is so clean and clear it makes pictures look better. perfect replacement phone for my s4 that went bad. i love this better.
Very good phone for its price tag
It's a nice phone but I am having problems with the camera. Every time I try to use it it says it is not working. Have to shut the phone down and restart in order to use the camera.
Item has been great thus far.
Wonderful for my tween nice camera
Nice phone and think I will love it. The only problem I had is I had to cut 1 of my sim cards to fit. Other than that it is great!
I ordered this phone for my son. It arrived on time, but the charger is not working. So i decided to let him use my charger instead. Other than that, its ok.
i love it. no hiccups, or missing items, everything that was said that was coming came with it
I wiil buy again
Good product!
great phone, not a killer but very decent, my kid bought it for the front camera and the front flash...
Phone arrived earlier then expected. works like a charm. Perfect size and exactly what i wanted
I defenitly loved my new phone everything is great about it. Just what i expected.
Excellent article !
Nice phone...with good features at best price
Until now, its a good phone with an excellent price.
it is very goodBut the shipment was delayed for some time
Excellent!!
Serious seller, the goods arrived earlier than expected, very satisfied, all ok!
Loving my phone.
Great phone
Great phone.
good product
This product is trash
great phone ... just to say that have and great battery on the phone,this is normal use...
Did not receive a charger head but otherwise all is well.
excelent
The only bad was that all the instructions were in Chinese. But the phone was excellent.
I like it. Thanks
Phone works well
Excellent cellphone. high quality. Works perfectly in Venezuela. Thank you soooo much!
So far working great however one Phone has low storage straight from the begining after restoring my apps and the camera continually fails, however i have recently purchased a larger MicroSD card with hopes that with better storage the camera would stop failling
Good phone, actually I bought two for a family members, they really love it
excelent
nice
Love my phone Im very happy Camera is great 13 mpixels and 5 in the front with flash. Works in Ecuador just Fine. Its duos.Its slim and lighweight. Battery lasts all day. Its Lollipop 5.1.1.I read a review of someone who said that cannot enter more than 1 number in a contact or email address, well, I just want to clarify that u can.
Hi. Everything it's good.. but i need the adapter to charge. I have only one and i ordered 2 cellphones
Grate phone love it !!!
I just do love this phone very much! Will surely introduce to my friends who are about to purchase an android phone!
They are perfect.
Smartphone arrived on time & intact ( BRAND NEW) ; works perfect and runs smooth.Great value of a device; Just needed a smartphone, to get me running...until another purchase! ;-)
It's a nice looking phone and the videos are lovely looking plus it's very durable. But i do wish the phone had more storage space.
excelente. gracias!
Good product, delivered on time. Works well. Have used in South Africa and Central America. Would not hesitate to purchase this again.
Awesome phone , great features
I can't seem to change my ringtone to an mp3 that I have stored on the phone. Is anyone else having this problem? HELP!Other than that, the phone works fine.
This is an ok phone for the price I paid for it. I gave it four stars because of the keys doesn't vibrate when typing messages. I researched it and found out that this is so because of the new update. But overall it's a nice phone to have. Very fast, takes great pictures with it's 13megapix rear camera. And also the front camera with 5megapixel with a flash (wonderful for taking those selfies at nights ) makes this a plus for not have that vibration in texting .Would buy again tho.
excelente
Excelente teléfono
Excellent phone as advertised.
Great phone for the money! You can upgrade the memory with a micro SD card 128G!
Works great.
SImple to use and just what i needed
Works well, battery lasts well although I am not a heavy user. I enjoy the screen when looking at photos/videos, the picture quality is excellent.
Made my day .I ordered 2 white samsung for my cousins in nepal but i can't figure out if its unlock or not i hope its unlock so they can use it. Good looking and the camera is 👍🏻. They will love it 💕
Yes very satisfied.
Very happy with this phone. Everything was as advertised.
good
Was an awesome gift. Thanks a lot. Item was as described.
OK, excellent seller
Very good seller, excellent cell, is released and works in Venezuela...
GREAT PHONE/.
Great Phone! Value for money. You won't be disappointed.
Real good phone very fast and good battery life, just remember to buy an SD mini card for memory internal memory gets field up to quick.
This phone works beautifully. Package was received on time shipping to the US of course and was in new condition. I live in the Caribbean and I had a friend who brought it out for me, on receiving phone all i had to do was charge then once i inserted micro sim which it uses it works great. Just received it so no complaints thus far.
I' m in Venezuela the product come to my cousing house and did not bring the correct charger to latinoamerican even thouth IT is a international version. I will have to buy another charger to my phone, IT is the firts time that happen i have bought cell three time by amazon.
https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-J5-Smartphone-International/dp/B014GCG150/ref=sr_1_1?s=wireless&ie=UTF8&qid=1469458904&sr=1-1&keywoSamsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500H/DS GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone, International Version (Gold)rds=samsung+j5+unlocked
Good!
I am happy. Is practique and beatiflor
Great phone for teenegers
Great phone!!!!
I love my samsung j5 phone I am going to buy two more soon
Phone excellent
excelent product
it works grate I like it a lot it has a lot of features
As expected
Very pleased!
I love it. The shipping was great I got it earlier than expected. I've owned a Samsung Galaxy S5 and this is equal to it. The camera on the J5 is BETTER than the S5! MUCH better!The only down fall was the 8GB of memory so make sure you grab a SD Memory card. My service is through ATT. The sound quality is great, texting, feel of the phone is equal to the quality of a 500.00 phone I've purchased. Buy a case for it though, the Galaxy S5 isnt going to fit. I think it's a tad longer.
Love it.
good stuff
My galaxy j5 was very happy with ..Battery life not he best ..But over all good pH for the cost ..
Nice as described !
Need to charge daily but works as expected
Pretty good
i liked it but it worked at my local att store which is a shame
Nice but doesnt have Marshmallow update yet ..waiting for it
Excellent
This phone was ordered for a friend and he liked it.
I bought this phone for my sister n law and she loves it. Nice phone for the price!
Awesome!!
Very good
Thanks
I like the quality and inovation
Great!
very good, thahks
Excelente
For the money this is a really nice phone...
Good deal,
Good Purchase
This I bought for someone else, and is happy with the product.
so far so good!
Original branded product
Love it!
I bought this cellphone for my fathers birthday & he loves it. the picture quality is awesome...
Product was delivered on time in great condition. Was for overseas markets, with a 220 Volt recharger, but configured for USB recharging also, so no problem. Worked as advertised, unlocked, and I installed an international sim card that is compatible with US carriers. No problems or issues to date.
Excelente
Good price
will buy again
Awesome Cellphone!
Real stuff - works perfect.
Love it. Just as I expected.
I am one of those people who is not into paying exhorbitant amounts of money for a phone. All of my previous phones have been my siblings hand me downs and this is the first I ever purchase for myself. Me being me, I researched everywhere for what kind of phone will serve my purposes. Mostly I was aming for excellent camera that could photograph everything I have to show my coworkers later and also had a great reception for making and receiving calls in all seven floors of the hospital.This phone delivered.Not only am I super please with its performance at almost everything but I am amazed that one such phone can cost this price. And it has a high end finish and the gold color make it look amazing. Compared to my sister's iPhone 6 I'd say it almost does everything she can do with hers. It's light and sophisticated and has a quick response at everything I've done so far. Even better than hers is that this one holds two SIMs, which works perfectly with my life as I love to travel. So far I've tested two of my international SIMs and they both worked great.It's also my first android phone ever, as I'd previously only used the iOS softwares I was expecting a nightmare. It wasn't. It wasn't also exactly breezy but the phone is not to blame for that. Also I was pleasently surprised with the amount of apps you can get.The only thing though is, get an SD card. No matter how little you think you need it, you're going to need it.
This Samsung phone offers an excellent price/performance ratio.
Good works well in the philippines
Great phone for that price. Had no problem.
Everything was perfect!
Excellent phone!
It has all you need
The phone is working perfectly
It comes in perfect conditions.
I really like this phone...its got a very nice screen, HDIt responds very quickly which is awesome and its sleek
Wow! The camera on this phone is one of its best features.. I bought this for my daughter as her Galaxy S4 mini is beginning to see its years and getting slow and freezing at times, I was going to get it service but when I saw the offer of a phone at $192. from Samsung with a 13MP camera I just had to get it for her and it turned out to be a good buy as she likes taking pictures and did a basic photography course. I also bought a sixteen micro sd form Amazon .. now she have a phone and a very light handy camera.
Exellent product this phone works very well in Venezuela
Purchases for business trip to Philippines and it worked fine without a problem. Also used to Lycatel prepaid service for someone who visited in US for few months. This support only 3G, but you may not feel the big difference from 4G anyway. This can be good for back up on business trips for other countries oitside of USA. Very good for what i paid for.
It came on time and was as described , met my expectations fully.
I love it and the camera quality is great.
love it
very good
Good product.
I works great,very happy thanks.
Excelent cellphone
I love my new phone
Good product
perfect!!
This phone was great for my mother as I battled to acclimate her to smart phone technology.
item as described
This is a great cell phone. I like itIt shoot great photos and videos
I bought this for my wife I live in Trinidad so I wanted an unlock phone, I was on a cruise vacation and use it to test, it is fantastic took really beautiful pics and video under all conditions. I am an iphone user this is much simpler to use, shel loves the phone and my sister actually bought one for herself and they are not at all phone savvy now they are using all the apps and features on the phone,they totally love it.
Excelent
amazing cellphone and good price
I love this phone
Excellent
Everything is in mint condition and I was able to setup the phone without problem.
Good
I love it
Excellent phone for the price.
Love them. Ive ordered twice from them now and both times everything has been perfect. Thank you
Great phone,good battery life, lovely screen display and a real joy for selfie shots just get yourself a micro sd card as well, if you're heavy into snapping pics to use on your social media apps.
meets my every need i totally love it
Omg I'm in love with this phone, the front cam with LED flash is AMAZING!! I have no problems with it at all, everything has been great.
Unlocked as stated no issues this far works very well love the camera and the resolution.
Perfect cell, it's really nice
I LOVE IT, MY PHONE
Very good
excelent
i love it!
Fantastic phone indeed. Its working perfectly well and fine. Thanks
First smart phone. Exactly as described. No problems, hope to get another.
The Galxy j5 t's not the fastest handset around, as its quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and 1.5GB of RAM put its day-to-day performance on par with almost every other budget smartphone. In Geekbench 3, the J5 scored 459 in the single core test and 1,343 in the multicore test, putting it just behind the Moto G on our budget leaderboard. That said, Samsung's Android 5.1.1-based TouchWiz interface still feels relatively smooth and responsive, and apps don't take an age to open either. The Moto G proved quicker at loading games, but web browsing was more or less a level playing field, as evidenced by the J5's Peacekeeper score of 634, which is only around 100 points short of the Moto G. Scrolling was a little jerky in places, and browsing could be rather stop-start when pages were still loading, but otherwise surfing the web was pretty hassle free.
Great. I bought it to use it in Argentina and as in the box says American sim card only I had my doubts but It works perfectly!!!
It met my expectations
I've only had the phone for a couple of weeks, but I love the phone. However, it did freeze up on me 3 times, so far. Other than that I love the size, the weight which is lighter than most phones, but does not weight you down if you want to carry phone in your pocket. I think this is good phone for the money. I use a wristlet for everyday use and this phone fits for its size and weight.
it's ok.
Very nice phone, bought it as a gift for my sister..she loves it
working as expected
Three weeks so far and all goes smooth.
The phone works great. No problems so far!
I just returned from Europe where I used an Irish SIM in this phone. It was so convenient not to have to switch out the SIM card when we landed. I ALMOST missed the warning on the box that says you need to have five minutes of cumulative talk time on the US SIM before activating a foreign SIM. I only received the phone a couple of days before our trip so this could have been a problem had I not peeled back that sticker on the box! Otherwise I am very happy with this phone.
Everything met my expectations
Great phone, love it! I might have gone with the 32 gb version if I could go back in time. That 16 gb fills up fast, even using a 64 gb SD card.
Excellent cost benefit. It delivers wat it promises. It is working great on the LTE Network in Brazil as well as in the US (one simm per country). The downside I found so far is that it does not connect into 5.7GHz wi-fi networks, only 2.4GHz. Battery lasts pretty long (at least 2 days of normal business/leisure use case scenario), it is light.
Works perfectly. I used to have an Iphone 5, but decided to try a galaxy. I do not regret for purchasing this intermediary model. Good price and It does everything I need.
excellent
Loved the phone!
I love this phone. I have 1 week with it and it is working perfect.
This is my first smart phone. Easy to use and very reliable. An excellent phone for the price. Camera is great. If you want a solid phone at a great price buy this one. Don't overpay for one from your carrier.
Good phone everything inside you neded.
nice camera
So far an excelente phone.
It was ok
Excellent.
Love the phone. It is unblocked so you cane use it with any sim card. The only thing is that i notice that it wont take all the signal that it is supposed to. Only appears 1 or 2 bars, but havent had any problems at all.It is a cheap but great phone!
I really like this phone! I have ir for 3 weeks and I am really enjoying the experience... a big chance from my s3 mini, who died it a feew weeks ago... I really recomend this middle range phone.
Order completed and delivered as expected. Product in new condition. All good.
A real nice phone.
Wounderfull celular phone. Excelente buy... Actually my aunt Its thinking in buy another one for her...Im very happy!
Excellent
exceeded expectations
Yes, it reach my expectation.
Excelent smart phone!
Excellent!
I love this phone. It seems to have all the bells and whistles of more expensive phones.
Great phone for the price. No complains so far
great cell phone. I love it. thanks.!!
excellent phone, recommended for Venezuela, Digitel and Movistar works for 4g LTE
I buy it to use it in Argentina and works perfect. Is important to know that this model is the only one thats works in all america from the south to the north. The only problem for me is that the phone is expensive the price is too high for a low cost cell phone.
Is an excellent product price ratio. The cell phone is amazing.
Yes this phone has exceeded my expectations. I am pleased with the purchase
Excelent phone for the price, works as a charm. Arrived perfect. Thanks
Bought it for my wife. Works well.
Love it
Phone is beautiful and works as expected. It has two sims and I haven't taken it out of the States yet, but I'm sure it will be fine.
I had the J7 that i broke and decided to get this one because it was cheaper and basically the same. I love it. It is still at a decent size (not too small) and the camera quality is pretty good. This phone only works with an american sim card though so probably wouldn't work for someone outside of the US or who is thinking to use some other country's sim card. But overall, I really love this phone.
To all those wondering if this phone is unlocked for international use, the answer is no. I received one and it clearly stated on the phone package the it is for use only in America. I put an international SIM card it the phone but it didn't work. Usualy it works on other internationaly unlocked phones. The word factory unlocked in the product description is kind of misleading and the seller doe not clearly state it is for use in the US. So I had to get it unlocked for international use. Cost me $35 extra. Other than that the phone is good.
Very good phone Except picture quality. 4G works fine in US.
So far, so good. It updated to Marshmallow right away, the storage is great (16GB), the size is not as enormous as many phones out there (I already have an I-pad, thank you). The screen is still a good size for videos and pics. I'm using it with Ting sim, I also have in there another Sim for when I travel home (outside the US), and the external memory so it can hold up to 3 chips at the time.The speakers are not the best, volume capacity is kind of disappointing (good with headphones, and comes with a pair), charger looks cheap and the cord is short, and that is why I give this 4 stars.
Phone that I received was not J5 SM-J500M but it actually was J700 Samsung which is a newer model. I got very excited. I like this phone. Seller has to specify exact model of the phone that he/she is selling. However thank you!
LOVE......
Just as advertised
Great Phone for my 73yo mother in law. Screen resolution is so clear. She loves it!!!
My in laws love it. Great phone.
The phone works fine.
I'm sure it was a great phone. Just didn't work with my carrier.
Excellent phone! Completely exceeded my expectations! Works even better than the Galaxy S5 I had which kept resetting on me and going haywire. Just an all around excellent phone for an excellent price. The company who shipped it has also been diligent in emailing from time to time to check my customer satisfaction which I totally appreciate. 5 stars all around 👍
Really like this phone and it was a great price for an unlocked phone with dual sim and all the latest technology.
Prefect, I love this phone
Very good. I m using it since 3 weeks. No complaints.
UPDATE 5.2.16I had my phone for almost a month now ....it's still working good .. I had to buy a 32gb card the memory didn't get full but it was getting there now I had no worries with the memory ...the camra is still good I like how it can naturally fliter your pics to his those flaws ...you can download music but have to download a mp3 app first ... but yeah it's a overall good phone no major issues with it ...I can't really find anything bad about it if I do I will do an update !!!Just receive my Samsung j5Pros - nice look , good size , vivid colors , clear view of apps ect , battery life seems great , built in emojisCons - no music player , the camera is good but not great (not as sharp as the iPhone cam)Shipping was good (the phone is brand new)* i would get a case for the phone to have a better grip ... If I found out something new about this phone good or bad I'll do a update but over for 200$ and something it is worth it
Review of Samsung Galaxy J5 (J500M) 1.5 GB RAM, 16 GB ROMAndroid 5.1.1 and removeable batteryCan write to microSD card.. USB - OTG - does workConnects to computer via USB as Media Device (MTP) or Camera (PTP)Have not tried WiFi Direct -- Set up working VPN first tryTried my Truphone SIM card in SIM1 and SIM2.Settings-Status-Mobile network typeLTE for both SIM1 and SIM2Slightly smaller than my Galaxy S5Display not great but satisfactory.Headphone jack on bottom of phone.Charger has US style plug.
Good phone. Simple to use.
Good phone. works well
This is one of the best middle range phone in the market today, great price and high quality results. Just be sure you buy the 16 gb version otherwise it wouldn't be that good. It's fast, slim, nice camera (both of them, the front flashlight it's great) and the battery easily last the whole day of normal use. Didn't contact the seller but the product came as described and in perfect condition. I'm a happy buyer.
This phone is absolutely phenomenal. I can't point to a single flaw in my couple months of having it. Crisp photos, hi res video, great functionality & really fast. Great panoramic photo feature as well as lighted & progressive wide angle front camera. This model (J500M/DS) is marketed as US market specific, and package labeled for US Sim cards only. However, you merely need to first put your US sim card in, place a call (or combination of calls) totaling 5 minutes, then it unlocks automatically and can be used with your non-US card as well, as stated by various sellers. The dual-sim capability is great; both can be left on simultaneously - works perfectly. As others indicate, it isn't loaded up with bloatware. Micro SD capability is stated as 128 gb. It accepted my 64gb card with full immediate access. Others report that it works with any size currently on the market. For my purposes, an important feature is that it offers an extreme range of frequencies, giving you high speed data in the US and Europe with a wide range of carriers. Check your location and carriers via willmyphonework.net. While it comes with Android 5.1 installed, it is reportedly going to be marshmallow upgraded in sequence of sub-models - looking forward to that. This phone is truly incomparable at its price point, and really compares in performance to high end models in many ways. If you're shopping for this model, make sure to get the M/DS suffix. There are other versions (H,F, etc.) that are being sold a little cheaper, but these are for use in Asia, South America, etc. and may not have the range of frequencies you need. The DS indicates dual sim, if that's a feature you need. Can't say enough good about the phone. If you get one, I hope you are as pleased as I am.** MARSHMALLOW** Sept. 18, 2016 - Marshmallow 6.0.1 update appeared and successfully updated!
It was super nice it came with the box not like other that don't being them
the same product that the seller describe.. Double SIM.
This phone is a beautiful upgrade from my Samsung avant. It works well with my metro pcs plan.
Great ! 5 min call from us sim and then use any where.
I bought this phone after I left my Samsung G7 Edge in the back of a NYC taxicab (ugh!). Anyway I decided I was not going to pay $800 for a phone again and the J5 is a suitable replacement, although not as large or as loud volume wise as the S7 Edge. You can use up to a 128MB SD card so all my music and apps work with no problem.
great value
I bought the Cell phone for my sister and She saids is perfect.
Its fast and durable with good performance speed runs Android 6.0.1 out of the box and has great camera quality for phone in this price range. Overall, its a great phone.
Exceptionally a wonderful phone. When I ordered it it was supposed to be a J5 2016 but I dont know what I did wrong in submitting my order
Excellent product, such as the seller described. 100% recomended. Thank you!!!
Excellent purchase!! I love my Samsung galaxy J5 😙
I love this phone. It is my first smart phone, and works perfectly. It was much more affordable than buying one at the AT&T store, has everything I need, and noone I've seen so far has one like it. Great size, big enough to read easily, but not so big it's clunky. Takes 2 sim cards, which I can't imagine I'll need, but is cool to have just in case. It also takes micro-sd card for extra memory.
Good product and delivered on time and in perfect condition. Truly unlocked, works internationally.
Very good
excelent
i love it!
I purchased this phone 1/29/2016...I love it. It is easy to use. I am a novice when it comes to the new phones, my friend in IT helped me choose the best phone for the amount of money I wanted to spend. She said that Samsung has a good life span, it good quality for the money, and this phone does all that I need. I love the size, I can easily see the pictures, and they are very clear on this phone. The font size can be easily changed. So that helps this poor old half blind woman! I haven't found anything about it that I don't like. It's not too big, yet large enough you can see it well, and still fit in your hand. My daughter showed me a lot of the features I was not aware of, and where to find stuff, so that was helpful. I figured out how to get my contacts, and how to take photos, and sent texts all by myself! Woohoo! So it is user friendly. This was a good purchase, I also got the case and the glass to protect the front...and my investment!!
Excelent phone
I like it a lot!
great
Cool
OK.Wish it had screen auto- bright/dim (for indoor/outdoor)
So far so good. Everything seems to be working as advertised.
This is my second purchase of this phone, because I have 2 phones work and personal. Cannot be beat for the money. Super reliable and upgradable storage. Every bit as good as a S5 for half the price.and runs same operating system as the S7 once upgraded.
Picture review fails
Loved the phone!
I love this phone. I have 1 week with it and it is working perfect.
This is my first smart phone. Easy to use and very reliable. An excellent phone for the price. Camera is great. If you want a solid phone at a great price buy this one. Don't overpay for one from your carrier.
Works great got it in a timely manner.
Brand new. Works well. Box came with an 'America sim card use only' sticker however it works perfectly with a GSM network in the caribbean. Delivery was prompt.
It is an excellent price performance purchase. This phone has all the features you need at a very convenient price. Battery charge life is amazing. Both cámeras are excellent
very good smart phone for the price. !! I gifted to someone who loved it instantly.
Prompt delivery service. Great product, a bit expensive though.
Great!
Same as S5 with dual SIMS and Android 5.1.1. Also, NOT branded, so gets OTA Samsung updates no problem.
Excellent phone! Completely exceeded my expectations! Works even better than the Galaxy S5 I had which kept resetting on me and going haywire. Just an all around excellent phone for an excellent price. The company who shipped it has also been diligent in emailing from time to time to check my customer satisfaction which I totally appreciate. 5 stars all around 👍
Really like this phone and it was a great price for an unlocked phone with dual sim and all the latest technology.
Prefect, I love this phone
It is great
Awesome phone!!is not as plastic as i had assumed it to be so far works great !the dual sim feature is the best. you should know that mobile data only works with one sim slot
Good product
Confession.When I opened the box and tried to put my current AT&T sim card into the new phone it would not fit. I freaked out and requested an immediate return authorization because I could not use the phone and did not see where the memory card slot is. The start up guide said nothing about where the memory card slot is located. By the light of day and after a quick stop at the AT&T service center, they explained that the sim card used in this phone is "micro". It took about three minutes for them to get me the correct size sim card and I was still able to keep the same phone number.They also showed me how the slot for the memory card is stacked on top of the slot for sim 1.In short, yes this phone has dual sim slots as well as a memory card slot.If when I get back to Costa Rica and I can get the same service from ICE Cel, I am good to go.Phone came packaged with charger, ear bud and a very limited information start up guide. The back case, the part you need to remove to install cards and batteries, seems extremely thin and easy to break. Hope it lasts as long as my Samsung Galaxy Ace has.
I love love love my new Samsung J5 phone. I was a little concerned at first wondering if it would work in the Bahamas (as the side of the box says US sim card only). But when I put my sim card in it worked perfectly. I previously had an iPhone 5 and the battery would die at odd times but with this baby the battery seems to last forever. I can take pics with everyone else and not have my cell phone battery die. And the pictures are so clear!!! I'm also excited about the Google keyboard and swipe texting and also less restrictions with websites and apps. I must say that I'm a very happy camper and would totally recommend this phone. I'm thinking about getting one for my Mom.
I bought this for my 13 and 16 year old sons and they absolutely love it! Great cell for reasonable price! No regrets buying it! I would recommend this product!
Very nice phone, bought it as a gift for my sister..she loves it
working as expected
Three weeks so far and all goes smooth.
i absolutely loved it....got mine over a month now. It came in new condition with all it's attachments and been running smoothly this whole time. pictures are perfect and it came way earlier than was expected.
Bad speaker. The phone is great but I have to put it on speaker phone or use headset to hear
So I told myself that I would not give a review until a month have passed, it's not a month yet, but so far this phone is awesome!!. For those of you buying this, ensure that you get the 16GB internal storage, you'll end up with 11GB to store your own stuff. Ensure that your device is LTE compatible, or else you will not get the full experience of surfing the web, uploading and downloading content.Awesome Features:1) Front Camera- 5MP with LED flash, take wonderful, clear and cool pictures. Ideal to use in the dark, especially when you want to take a nice picture, and you don't have a selfie stick and can't bother to stretch your hands out to get the use of the back camera's flash.2) Back Camera- Don't worry that it's 13MP and may not be as high as the S's line with their 16MP, it takes pictures and videos just as great. Very clear and detailed.3) Smart Manager- This is a built-in guard, which protects your phone, monitor your internal and RAM usage, while advising of what's causing running in the background. It also give you a real time reading of your battery life, display's the apps consuming power and an option to stop them.PS. Get yourself the GOLD, looks really cool and RICH.
Great Phone. Lightweight. Good size screen.
The best phone
so far so good. new phone works perfect
Very good cell phone. I recommend it
Is an excellent product price ratio. The cell phone is amazing.
Yes this phone has exceeded my expectations. I am pleased with the purchase
Excelent phone for the price, works as a charm. Arrived perfect. Thanks
Loved the phone!
I love this phone. I have 1 week with it and it is working perfect.
This is my first smart phone. Easy to use and very reliable. An excellent phone for the price. Camera is great. If you want a solid phone at a great price buy this one. Don't overpay for one from your carrier.
Good phone everything inside you neded.
nice camera
So far an excelente phone.
It was ok
Excellent.
Is an excellent product price ratio. The cell phone is amazing.
Yes this phone has exceeded my expectations. I am pleased with the purchase
Excelent phone for the price, works as a charm. Arrived perfect. Thanks
Bought it for my wife. Works well.
Love it
Phone is beautiful and works as expected. It has two sims and I haven't taken it out of the States yet, but I'm sure it will be fine.
I had the J7 that i broke and decided to get this one because it was cheaper and basically the same. I love it. It is still at a decent size (not too small) and the camera quality is pretty good. This phone only works with an american sim card though so probably wouldn't work for someone outside of the US or who is thinking to use some other country's sim card. But overall, I really love this phone.
To all those wondering if this phone is unlocked for international use, the answer is no. I received one and it clearly stated on the phone package the it is for use only in America. I put an international SIM card it the phone but it didn't work. Usualy it works on other internationaly unlocked phones. The word factory unlocked in the product description is kind of misleading and the seller doe not clearly state it is for use in the US. So I had to get it unlocked for international use. Cost me $35 extra. Other than that the phone is good.
Very good phone Except picture quality. 4G works fine in US.
Love the phone. It is unblocked so you cane use it with any sim card. The only thing is that i notice that it wont take all the signal that it is supposed to. Only appears 1 or 2 bars, but havent had any problems at all.It is a cheap but great phone!
I really like this phone! I have ir for 3 weeks and I am really enjoying the experience... a big chance from my s3 mini, who died it a feew weeks ago... I really recomend this middle range phone.
Order completed and delivered as expected. Product in new condition. All good.
A real nice phone.
Wounderfull celular phone. Excelente buy... Actually my aunt Its thinking in buy another one for her...Im very happy!
Excellent
exceeded expectations
Yes, it reach my expectation.
Ok
Very good and it looks very nice
excellent
Cool
OK.Wish it had screen auto- bright/dim (for indoor/outdoor)
So far so good. Everything seems to be working as advertised.
This is my second purchase of this phone, because I have 2 phones work and personal. Cannot be beat for the money. Super reliable and upgradable storage. Every bit as good as a S5 for half the price.and runs same operating system as the S7 once upgraded.
Picture review fails
Very good item. I'm happy with it. I think I've made a good purchase. I haven't got any problems so far. It was delivered on schedule and in good conditions. Thanks very much.
The best product for the money. I had to return two other phones. This is the best!
i absolutely loved it....got mine over a month now. It came in new condition with all it's attachments and been running smoothly this whole time. pictures are perfect and it came way earlier than was expected.
Bad speaker. The phone is great but I have to put it on speaker phone or use headset to hear
So I told myself that I would not give a review until a month have passed, it's not a month yet, but so far this phone is awesome!!. For those of you buying this, ensure that you get the 16GB internal storage, you'll end up with 11GB to store your own stuff. Ensure that your device is LTE compatible, or else you will not get the full experience of surfing the web, uploading and downloading content.Awesome Features:1) Front Camera- 5MP with LED flash, take wonderful, clear and cool pictures. Ideal to use in the dark, especially when you want to take a nice picture, and you don't have a selfie stick and can't bother to stretch your hands out to get the use of the back camera's flash.2) Back Camera- Don't worry that it's 13MP and may not be as high as the S's line with their 16MP, it takes pictures and videos just as great. Very clear and detailed.3) Smart Manager- This is a built-in guard, which protects your phone, monitor your internal and RAM usage, while advising of what's causing running in the background. It also give you a real time reading of your battery life, display's the apps consuming power and an option to stop them.PS. Get yourself the GOLD, looks really cool and RICH.
Great Phone. Lightweight. Good size screen.
The best phone
so far so good. new phone works perfect
Very good cell phone. I recommend it
Very good
excelent
i love it!
Fantastic phone indeed. Its working perfectly well and fine. Thanks
First smart phone. Exactly as described. No problems, hope to get another.
The Galxy j5 t's not the fastest handset around, as its quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and 1.5GB of RAM put its day-to-day performance on par with almost every other budget smartphone. In Geekbench 3, the J5 scored 459 in the single core test and 1,343 in the multicore test, putting it just behind the Moto G on our budget leaderboard. That said, Samsung's Android 5.1.1-based TouchWiz interface still feels relatively smooth and responsive, and apps don't take an age to open either. The Moto G proved quicker at loading games, but web browsing was more or less a level playing field, as evidenced by the J5's Peacekeeper score of 634, which is only around 100 points short of the Moto G. Scrolling was a little jerky in places, and browsing could be rather stop-start when pages were still loading, but otherwise surfing the web was pretty hassle free.
Great. I bought it to use it in Argentina and as in the box says American sim card only I had my doubts but It works perfectly!!!
It met my expectations
I've only had the phone for a couple of weeks, but I love the phone. However, it did freeze up on me 3 times, so far. Other than that I love the size, the weight which is lighter than most phones, but does not weight you down if you want to carry phone in your pocket. I think this is good phone for the money. I use a wristlet for everyday use and this phone fits for its size and weight.
it's ok.
Very nice phone, bought it as a gift for my sister..she loves it
working as expected
Three weeks so far and all goes smooth.
The phone works great. No problems so far!
I just returned from Europe where I used an Irish SIM in this phone. It was so convenient not to have to switch out the SIM card when we landed. I ALMOST missed the warning on the box that says you need to have five minutes of cumulative talk time on the US SIM before activating a foreign SIM. I only received the phone a couple of days before our trip so this could have been a problem had I not peeled back that sticker on the box! Otherwise I am very happy with this phone.
Everything met my expectations
Great phone, love it! I might have gone with the 32 gb version if I could go back in time. That 16 gb fills up fast, even using a 64 gb SD card.
Excellent cost benefit. It delivers wat it promises. It is working great on the LTE Network in Brazil as well as in the US (one simm per country). The downside I found so far is that it does not connect into 5.7GHz wi-fi networks, only 2.4GHz. Battery lasts pretty long (at least 2 days of normal business/leisure use case scenario), it is light.
Works perfectly. I used to have an Iphone 5, but decided to try a galaxy. I do not regret for purchasing this intermediary model. Good price and It does everything I need.
excellent
Nice product
I like this product.PROS:- Good price/value- 16 GB makes it fast and plenty of storage- Uses two sims (I have not tried this)- Photo quality better than I expectedI would have given it 5 stars but couldn't because I knew there are some bells and whistles from S series models not available in this model but was disappointed when found the following missing. This should be shown more clearly on the specs section.CONS:- Does not have compass sensor. Because of GPS you can use it with car navigation apps but can't use for walking directions like with Google maps since the map keeps fixed to the north and follows your motion but does not follow your turns.- Does not have NFC- Can't find a screen protector that fits it
It is great
Awesome phone!!is not as plastic as i had assumed it to be so far works great !the dual sim feature is the best. you should know that mobile data only works with one sim slot
Good product
Confession.When I opened the box and tried to put my current AT&T sim card into the new phone it would not fit. I freaked out and requested an immediate return authorization because I could not use the phone and did not see where the memory card slot is. The start up guide said nothing about where the memory card slot is located. By the light of day and after a quick stop at the AT&T service center, they explained that the sim card used in this phone is "micro". It took about three minutes for them to get me the correct size sim card and I was still able to keep the same phone number.They also showed me how the slot for the memory card is stacked on top of the slot for sim 1.In short, yes this phone has dual sim slots as well as a memory card slot.If when I get back to Costa Rica and I can get the same service from ICE Cel, I am good to go.Phone came packaged with charger, ear bud and a very limited information start up guide. The back case, the part you need to remove to install cards and batteries, seems extremely thin and easy to break. Hope it lasts as long as my Samsung Galaxy Ace has.
I love love love my new Samsung J5 phone. I was a little concerned at first wondering if it would work in the Bahamas (as the side of the box says US sim card only). But when I put my sim card in it worked perfectly. I previously had an iPhone 5 and the battery would die at odd times but with this baby the battery seems to last forever. I can take pics with everyone else and not have my cell phone battery die. And the pictures are so clear!!! I'm also excited about the Google keyboard and swipe texting and also less restrictions with websites and apps. I must say that I'm a very happy camper and would totally recommend this phone. I'm thinking about getting one for my Mom.
I bought this for my 13 and 16 year old sons and they absolutely love it! Great cell for reasonable price! No regrets buying it! I would recommend this product!
Excellent phone! Completely exceeded my expectations! Works even better than the Galaxy S5 I had which kept resetting on me and going haywire. Just an all around excellent phone for an excellent price. The company who shipped it has also been diligent in emailing from time to time to check my customer satisfaction which I totally appreciate. 5 stars all around 👍
Really like this phone and it was a great price for an unlocked phone with dual sim and all the latest technology.
Prefect, I love this phone
Very good. I m using it since 3 weeks. No complaints.
UPDATE 5.2.16I had my phone for almost a month now ....it's still working good .. I had to buy a 32gb card the memory didn't get full but it was getting there now I had no worries with the memory ...the camra is still good I like how it can naturally fliter your pics to his those flaws ...you can download music but have to download a mp3 app first ... but yeah it's a overall good phone no major issues with it ...I can't really find anything bad about it if I do I will do an update !!!Just receive my Samsung j5Pros - nice look , good size , vivid colors , clear view of apps ect , battery life seems great , built in emojisCons - no music player , the camera is good but not great (not as sharp as the iPhone cam)Shipping was good (the phone is brand new)* i would get a case for the phone to have a better grip ... If I found out something new about this phone good or bad I'll do a update but over for 200$ and something it is worth it
Review of Samsung Galaxy J5 (J500M) 1.5 GB RAM, 16 GB ROMAndroid 5.1.1 and removeable batteryCan write to microSD card.. USB - OTG - does workConnects to computer via USB as Media Device (MTP) or Camera (PTP)Have not tried WiFi Direct -- Set up working VPN first tryTried my Truphone SIM card in SIM1 and SIM2.Settings-Status-Mobile network typeLTE for both SIM1 and SIM2Slightly smaller than my Galaxy S5Display not great but satisfactory.Headphone jack on bottom of phone.Charger has US style plug.
Good phone. Simple to use.
Good phone. works well
This is one of the best middle range phone in the market today, great price and high quality results. Just be sure you buy the 16 gb version otherwise it wouldn't be that good. It's fast, slim, nice camera (both of them, the front flashlight it's great) and the battery easily last the whole day of normal use. Didn't contact the seller but the product came as described and in perfect condition. I'm a happy buyer.
Excelent smart phone!
Excellent!
I love this phone. It seems to have all the bells and whistles of more expensive phones.
Great phone for the price. No complains so far
great cell phone. I love it. thanks.!!
excellent phone, recommended for Venezuela, Digitel and Movistar works for 4g LTE
I buy it to use it in Argentina and works perfect. Is important to know that this model is the only one thats works in all america from the south to the north. The only problem for me is that the phone is expensive the price is too high for a low cost cell phone.
So far, so good. It updated to Marshmallow right away, the storage is great (16GB), the size is not as enormous as many phones out there (I already have an I-pad, thank you). The screen is still a good size for videos and pics. I'm using it with Ting sim, I also have in there another Sim for when I travel home (outside the US), and the external memory so it can hold up to 3 chips at the time.The speakers are not the best, volume capacity is kind of disappointing (good with headphones, and comes with a pair), charger looks cheap and the cord is short, and that is why I give this 4 stars.
Phone that I received was not J5 SM-J500M but it actually was J700 Samsung which is a newer model. I got very excited. I like this phone. Seller has to specify exact model of the phone that he/she is selling. However thank you!
LOVE......
Just as advertised
Great Phone for my 73yo mother in law. Screen resolution is so clear. She loves it!!!
My in laws love it. Great phone.
The phone works fine.
I'm sure it was a great phone. Just didn't work with my carrier.
Absulutly great phone for great price, not worse than Galaxy S5 at all!
great phone
It came as specified. My dad really likes the phone.
Works great got it in a timely manner.
Brand new. Works well. Box came with an 'America sim card use only' sticker however it works perfectly with a GSM network in the caribbean. Delivery was prompt.
It is an excellent price performance purchase. This phone has all the features you need at a very convenient price. Battery charge life is amazing. Both cámeras are excellent
very good smart phone for the price. !! I gifted to someone who loved it instantly.
Prompt delivery service. Great product, a bit expensive though.
Great!
Same as S5 with dual SIMS and Android 5.1.1. Also, NOT branded, so gets OTA Samsung updates no problem.
Exelent
I purchased this phone 1/29/2016...I love it. It is easy to use. I am a novice when it comes to the new phones, my friend in IT helped me choose the best phone for the amount of money I wanted to spend. She said that Samsung has a good life span, it good quality for the money, and this phone does all that I need. I love the size, I can easily see the pictures, and they are very clear on this phone. The font size can be easily changed. So that helps this poor old half blind woman! I haven't found anything about it that I don't like. It's not too big, yet large enough you can see it well, and still fit in your hand. My daughter showed me a lot of the features I was not aware of, and where to find stuff, so that was helpful. I figured out how to get my contacts, and how to take photos, and sent texts all by myself! Woohoo! So it is user friendly. This was a good purchase, I also got the case and the glass to protect the front...and my investment!!
Excelent phone
I like it a lot!
great
Good smartphone!
This is a fine phone and works just the way we expected. Easy to set up, great photos. No negative comments.
A good quality phone for the price.
Exceptionally a wonderful phone. When I ordered it it was supposed to be a J5 2016 but I dont know what I did wrong in submitting my order
Excellent product, such as the seller described. 100% recomended. Thank you!!!
Excellent purchase!! I love my Samsung galaxy J5 😙
I love this phone. It is my first smart phone, and works perfectly. It was much more affordable than buying one at the AT&T store, has everything I need, and noone I've seen so far has one like it. Great size, big enough to read easily, but not so big it's clunky. Takes 2 sim cards, which I can't imagine I'll need, but is cool to have just in case. It also takes micro-sd card for extra memory.
Good product and delivered on time and in perfect condition. Truly unlocked, works internationally.
This phone is a beautiful upgrade from my Samsung avant. It works well with my metro pcs plan.
Great ! 5 min call from us sim and then use any where.
I bought this phone after I left my Samsung G7 Edge in the back of a NYC taxicab (ugh!). Anyway I decided I was not going to pay $800 for a phone again and the J5 is a suitable replacement, although not as large or as loud volume wise as the S7 Edge. You can use up to a 128MB SD card so all my music and apps work with no problem.
great value
I bought the Cell phone for my sister and She saids is perfect.
Its fast and durable with good performance speed runs Android 6.0.1 out of the box and has great camera quality for phone in this price range. Overall, its a great phone.
Love the phone. It is unblocked so you cane use it with any sim card. The only thing is that i notice that it wont take all the signal that it is supposed to. Only appears 1 or 2 bars, but havent had any problems at all.It is a cheap but great phone!
I really like this phone! I have ir for 3 weeks and I am really enjoying the experience... a big chance from my s3 mini, who died it a feew weeks ago... I really recomend this middle range phone.
Order completed and delivered as expected. Product in new condition. All good.
Excellent phone! Completely exceeded my expectations! Works even better than the Galaxy S5 I had which kept resetting on me and going haywire. Just an all around excellent phone for an excellent price. The company who shipped it has also been diligent in emailing from time to time to check my customer satisfaction which I totally appreciate. 5 stars all around 👍
Really like this phone and it was a great price for an unlocked phone with dual sim and all the latest technology.
Prefect, I love this phone
Very good. I m using it since 3 weeks. No complaints.
UPDATE 5.2.16I had my phone for almost a month now ....it's still working good .. I had to buy a 32gb card the memory didn't get full but it was getting there now I had no worries with the memory ...the camra is still good I like how it can naturally fliter your pics to his those flaws ...you can download music but have to download a mp3 app first ... but yeah it's a overall good phone no major issues with it ...I can't really find anything bad about it if I do I will do an update !!!Just receive my Samsung j5Pros - nice look , good size , vivid colors , clear view of apps ect , battery life seems great , built in emojisCons - no music player , the camera is good but not great (not as sharp as the iPhone cam)Shipping was good (the phone is brand new)* i would get a case for the phone to have a better grip ... If I found out something new about this phone good or bad I'll do a update but over for 200$ and something it is worth it
Review of Samsung Galaxy J5 (J500M) 1.5 GB RAM, 16 GB ROMAndroid 5.1.1 and removeable batteryCan write to microSD card.. USB - OTG - does workConnects to computer via USB as Media Device (MTP) or Camera (PTP)Have not tried WiFi Direct -- Set up working VPN first tryTried my Truphone SIM card in SIM1 and SIM2.Settings-Status-Mobile network typeLTE for both SIM1 and SIM2Slightly smaller than my Galaxy S5Display not great but satisfactory.Headphone jack on bottom of phone.Charger has US style plug.
Good phone. Simple to use.
Good phone. works well
This is one of the best middle range phone in the market today, great price and high quality results. Just be sure you buy the 16 gb version otherwise it wouldn't be that good. It's fast, slim, nice camera (both of them, the front flashlight it's great) and the battery easily last the whole day of normal use. Didn't contact the seller but the product came as described and in perfect condition. I'm a happy buyer.
So far, so good. It updated to Marshmallow right away, the storage is great (16GB), the size is not as enormous as many phones out there (I already have an I-pad, thank you). The screen is still a good size for videos and pics. I'm using it with Ting sim, I also have in there another Sim for when I travel home (outside the US), and the external memory so it can hold up to 3 chips at the time.The speakers are not the best, volume capacity is kind of disappointing (good with headphones, and comes with a pair), charger looks cheap and the cord is short, and that is why I give this 4 stars.
Phone that I received was not J5 SM-J500M but it actually was J700 Samsung which is a newer model. I got very excited. I like this phone. Seller has to specify exact model of the phone that he/she is selling. However thank you!
LOVE......
Just as advertised
Great Phone for my 73yo mother in law. Screen resolution is so clear. She loves it!!!
My in laws love it. Great phone.
The phone works fine.
I'm sure it was a great phone. Just didn't work with my carrier.
Very nice phone, bought it as a gift for my sister..she loves it
working as expected
Three weeks so far and all goes smooth.
The phone works great. No problems so far!
I just returned from Europe where I used an Irish SIM in this phone. It was so convenient not to have to switch out the SIM card when we landed. I ALMOST missed the warning on the box that says you need to have five minutes of cumulative talk time on the US SIM before activating a foreign SIM. I only received the phone a couple of days before our trip so this could have been a problem had I not peeled back that sticker on the box! Otherwise I am very happy with this phone.
Everything met my expectations
Great phone, love it! I might have gone with the 32 gb version if I could go back in time. That 16 gb fills up fast, even using a 64 gb SD card.
Excellent cost benefit. It delivers wat it promises. It is working great on the LTE Network in Brazil as well as in the US (one simm per country). The downside I found so far is that it does not connect into 5.7GHz wi-fi networks, only 2.4GHz. Battery lasts pretty long (at least 2 days of normal business/leisure use case scenario), it is light.
Works perfectly. I used to have an Iphone 5, but decided to try a galaxy. I do not regret for purchasing this intermediary model. Good price and It does everything I need.
excellent
Love the phone. It is unblocked so you cane use it with any sim card. The only thing is that i notice that it wont take all the signal that it is supposed to. Only appears 1 or 2 bars, but havent had any problems at all.It is a cheap but great phone!
I really like this phone! I have ir for 3 weeks and I am really enjoying the experience... a big chance from my s3 mini, who died it a feew weeks ago... I really recomend this middle range phone.
Order completed and delivered as expected. Product in new condition. All good.
A real nice phone.
Wounderfull celular phone. Excelente buy... Actually my aunt Its thinking in buy another one for her...Im very happy!
Excellent
exceeded expectations
Yes, it reach my expectation.
Good smartphone!
This is a fine phone and works just the way we expected. Easy to set up, great photos. No negative comments.
A good quality phone for the price.
Exceptionally a wonderful phone. When I ordered it it was supposed to be a J5 2016 but I dont know what I did wrong in submitting my order
Excellent product, such as the seller described. 100% recomended. Thank you!!!
Excellent purchase!! I love my Samsung galaxy J5 😙
I love this phone. It is my first smart phone, and works perfectly. It was much more affordable than buying one at the AT&T store, has everything I need, and noone I've seen so far has one like it. Great size, big enough to read easily, but not so big it's clunky. Takes 2 sim cards, which I can't imagine I'll need, but is cool to have just in case. It also takes micro-sd card for extra memory.
Good product and delivered on time and in perfect condition. Truly unlocked, works internationally.
Nice product
I like this product.PROS:- Good price/value- 16 GB makes it fast and plenty of storage- Uses two sims (I have not tried this)- Photo quality better than I expectedI would have given it 5 stars but couldn't because I knew there are some bells and whistles from S series models not available in this model but was disappointed when found the following missing. This should be shown more clearly on the specs section.CONS:- Does not have compass sensor. Because of GPS you can use it with car navigation apps but can't use for walking directions like with Google maps since the map keeps fixed to the north and follows your motion but does not follow your turns.- Does not have NFC- Can't find a screen protector that fits it
It is great
Awesome phone!!is not as plastic as i had assumed it to be so far works great !the dual sim feature is the best. you should know that mobile data only works with one sim slot
Good product
Confession.When I opened the box and tried to put my current AT&T sim card into the new phone it would not fit. I freaked out and requested an immediate return authorization because I could not use the phone and did not see where the memory card slot is. The start up guide said nothing about where the memory card slot is located. By the light of day and after a quick stop at the AT&T service center, they explained that the sim card used in this phone is "micro". It took about three minutes for them to get me the correct size sim card and I was still able to keep the same phone number.They also showed me how the slot for the memory card is stacked on top of the slot for sim 1.In short, yes this phone has dual sim slots as well as a memory card slot.If when I get back to Costa Rica and I can get the same service from ICE Cel, I am good to go.Phone came packaged with charger, ear bud and a very limited information start up guide. The back case, the part you need to remove to install cards and batteries, seems extremely thin and easy to break. Hope it lasts as long as my Samsung Galaxy Ace has.
I love love love my new Samsung J5 phone. I was a little concerned at first wondering if it would work in the Bahamas (as the side of the box says US sim card only). But when I put my sim card in it worked perfectly. I previously had an iPhone 5 and the battery would die at odd times but with this baby the battery seems to last forever. I can take pics with everyone else and not have my cell phone battery die. And the pictures are so clear!!! I'm also excited about the Google keyboard and swipe texting and also less restrictions with websites and apps. I must say that I'm a very happy camper and would totally recommend this phone. I'm thinking about getting one for my Mom.
I bought this for my 13 and 16 year old sons and they absolutely love it! Great cell for reasonable price! No regrets buying it! I would recommend this product!
Exelent
I purchased this phone 1/29/2016...I love it. It is easy to use. I am a novice when it comes to the new phones, my friend in IT helped me choose the best phone for the amount of money I wanted to spend. She said that Samsung has a good life span, it good quality for the money, and this phone does all that I need. I love the size, I can easily see the pictures, and they are very clear on this phone. The font size can be easily changed. So that helps this poor old half blind woman! I haven't found anything about it that I don't like. It's not too big, yet large enough you can see it well, and still fit in your hand. My daughter showed me a lot of the features I was not aware of, and where to find stuff, so that was helpful. I figured out how to get my contacts, and how to take photos, and sent texts all by myself! Woohoo! So it is user friendly. This was a good purchase, I also got the case and the glass to protect the front...and my investment!!
Excelent phone
I like it a lot!
great
Absulutly great phone for great price, not worse than Galaxy S5 at all!
great phone
It came as specified. My dad really likes the phone.
Works great got it in a timely manner.
Brand new. Works well. Box came with an 'America sim card use only' sticker however it works perfectly with a GSM network in the caribbean. Delivery was prompt.
It is an excellent price performance purchase. This phone has all the features you need at a very convenient price. Battery charge life is amazing. Both cámeras are excellent
very good smart phone for the price. !! I gifted to someone who loved it instantly.
Prompt delivery service. Great product, a bit expensive though.
Great!
Same as S5 with dual SIMS and Android 5.1.1. Also, NOT branded, so gets OTA Samsung updates no problem.
Very good item. I'm happy with it. I think I've made a good purchase. I haven't got any problems so far. It was delivered on schedule and in good conditions. Thanks very much.
The best product for the money. I had to return two other phones. This is the best!
i absolutely loved it....got mine over a month now. It came in new condition with all it's attachments and been running smoothly this whole time. pictures are perfect and it came way earlier than was expected.
Bad speaker. The phone is great but I have to put it on speaker phone or use headset to hear
So I told myself that I would not give a review until a month have passed, it's not a month yet, but so far this phone is awesome!!. For those of you buying this, ensure that you get the 16GB internal storage, you'll end up with 11GB to store your own stuff. Ensure that your device is LTE compatible, or else you will not get the full experience of surfing the web, uploading and downloading content.Awesome Features:1) Front Camera- 5MP with LED flash, take wonderful, clear and cool pictures. Ideal to use in the dark, especially when you want to take a nice picture, and you don't have a selfie stick and can't bother to stretch your hands out to get the use of the back camera's flash.2) Back Camera- Don't worry that it's 13MP and may not be as high as the S's line with their 16MP, it takes pictures and videos just as great. Very clear and detailed.3) Smart Manager- This is a built-in guard, which protects your phone, monitor your internal and RAM usage, while advising of what's causing running in the background. It also give you a real time reading of your battery life, display's the apps consuming power and an option to stop them.PS. Get yourself the GOLD, looks really cool and RICH.
Great Phone. Lightweight. Good size screen.
The best phone
so far so good. new phone works perfect
Very good cell phone. I recommend it
Excelent smart phone!
Excellent!
I love this phone. It seems to have all the bells and whistles of more expensive phones.
Great phone for the price. No complains so far
great cell phone. I love it. thanks.!!
excellent phone, recommended for Venezuela, Digitel and Movistar works for 4g LTE
I buy it to use it in Argentina and works perfect. Is important to know that this model is the only one thats works in all america from the south to the north. The only problem for me is that the phone is expensive the price is too high for a low cost cell phone.
Fantastic phone indeed. Its working perfectly well and fine. Thanks
First smart phone. Exactly as described. No problems, hope to get another.
The Galxy j5 t's not the fastest handset around, as its quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and 1.5GB of RAM put its day-to-day performance on par with almost every other budget smartphone. In Geekbench 3, the J5 scored 459 in the single core test and 1,343 in the multicore test, putting it just behind the Moto G on our budget leaderboard. That said, Samsung's Android 5.1.1-based TouchWiz interface still feels relatively smooth and responsive, and apps don't take an age to open either. The Moto G proved quicker at loading games, but web browsing was more or less a level playing field, as evidenced by the J5's Peacekeeper score of 634, which is only around 100 points short of the Moto G. Scrolling was a little jerky in places, and browsing could be rather stop-start when pages were still loading, but otherwise surfing the web was pretty hassle free.
Great. I bought it to use it in Argentina and as in the box says American sim card only I had my doubts but It works perfectly!!!
It met my expectations
I've only had the phone for a couple of weeks, but I love the phone. However, it did freeze up on me 3 times, so far. Other than that I love the size, the weight which is lighter than most phones, but does not weight you down if you want to carry phone in your pocket. I think this is good phone for the money. I use a wristlet for everyday use and this phone fits for its size and weight.
it's ok.
Ok
Very good and it looks very nice
excellent
Cool
OK.Wish it had screen auto- bright/dim (for indoor/outdoor)
So far so good. Everything seems to be working as advertised.
This is my second purchase of this phone, because I have 2 phones work and personal. Cannot be beat for the money. Super reliable and upgradable storage. Every bit as good as a S5 for half the price.and runs same operating system as the S7 once upgraded.
Picture review fails
Loved the phone!
I love this phone. I have 1 week with it and it is working perfect.
This is my first smart phone. Easy to use and very reliable. An excellent phone for the price. Camera is great. If you want a solid phone at a great price buy this one. Don't overpay for one from your carrier.
This phone is a beautiful upgrade from my Samsung avant. It works well with my metro pcs plan.
Great ! 5 min call from us sim and then use any where.
I bought this phone after I left my Samsung G7 Edge in the back of a NYC taxicab (ugh!). Anyway I decided I was not going to pay $800 for a phone again and the J5 is a suitable replacement, although not as large or as loud volume wise as the S7 Edge. You can use up to a 128MB SD card so all my music and apps work with no problem.
great value
I bought the Cell phone for my sister and She saids is perfect.
Its fast and durable with good performance speed runs Android 6.0.1 out of the box and has great camera quality for phone in this price range. Overall, its a great phone.
Love the phone. It is unblocked so you cane use it with any sim card. The only thing is that i notice that it wont take all the signal that it is supposed to. Only appears 1 or 2 bars, but havent had any problems at all.It is a cheap but great phone!
I really like this phone! I have ir for 3 weeks and I am really enjoying the experience... a big chance from my s3 mini, who died it a feew weeks ago... I really recomend this middle range phone.
Order completed and delivered as expected. Product in new condition. All good.
Good phone everything inside you neded.
nice camera
So far an excelente phone.
It was ok
Excellent.
This phone is absolutely phenomenal. I can't point to a single flaw in my couple months of having it. Crisp photos, hi res video, great functionality & really fast. Great panoramic photo feature as well as lighted & progressive wide angle front camera. This model (J500M/DS) is marketed as US market specific, and package labeled for US Sim cards only. However, you merely need to first put your US sim card in, place a call (or combination of calls) totaling 5 minutes, then it unlocks automatically and can be used with your non-US card as well, as stated by various sellers. The dual-sim capability is great; both can be left on simultaneously - works perfectly. As others indicate, it isn't loaded up with bloatware. Micro SD capability is stated as 128 gb. It accepted my 64gb card with full immediate access. Others report that it works with any size currently on the market. For my purposes, an important feature is that it offers an extreme range of frequencies, giving you high speed data in the US and Europe with a wide range of carriers. Check your location and carriers via willmyphonework.net. While it comes with Android 5.1 installed, it is reportedly going to be marshmallow upgraded in sequence of sub-models - looking forward to that. This phone is truly incomparable at its price point, and really compares in performance to high end models in many ways. If you're shopping for this model, make sure to get the M/DS suffix. There are other versions (H,F, etc.) that are being sold a little cheaper, but these are for use in Asia, South America, etc. and may not have the range of frequencies you need. The DS indicates dual sim, if that's a feature you need. Can't say enough good about the phone. If you get one, I hope you are as pleased as I am.** MARSHMALLOW** Sept. 18, 2016 - Marshmallow 6.0.1 update appeared and successfully updated!
It was super nice it came with the box not like other that don't being them
the same product that the seller describe.. Double SIM.
Bought it for my wife. Works well.
Love it
Phone is beautiful and works as expected. It has two sims and I haven't taken it out of the States yet, but I'm sure it will be fine.
I had the J7 that i broke and decided to get this one because it was cheaper and basically the same. I love it. It is still at a decent size (not too small) and the camera quality is pretty good. This phone only works with an american sim card though so probably wouldn't work for someone outside of the US or who is thinking to use some other country's sim card. But overall, I really love this phone.
To all those wondering if this phone is unlocked for international use, the answer is no. I received one and it clearly stated on the phone package the it is for use only in America. I put an international SIM card it the phone but it didn't work. Usualy it works on other internationaly unlocked phones. The word factory unlocked in the product description is kind of misleading and the seller doe not clearly state it is for use in the US. So I had to get it unlocked for international use. Cost me $35 extra. Other than that the phone is good.
Very good phone Except picture quality. 4G works fine in US.
Absulutly great phone for great price, not worse than Galaxy S5 at all!
great phone
It came as specified. My dad really likes the phone.
It is great
Awesome phone!!is not as plastic as i had assumed it to be so far works great !the dual sim feature is the best. you should know that mobile data only works with one sim slot
Good product
Confession.When I opened the box and tried to put my current AT&T sim card into the new phone it would not fit. I freaked out and requested an immediate return authorization because I could not use the phone and did not see where the memory card slot is. The start up guide said nothing about where the memory card slot is located. By the light of day and after a quick stop at the AT&T service center, they explained that the sim card used in this phone is "micro". It took about three minutes for them to get me the correct size sim card and I was still able to keep the same phone number.They also showed me how the slot for the memory card is stacked on top of the slot for sim 1.In short, yes this phone has dual sim slots as well as a memory card slot.If when I get back to Costa Rica and I can get the same service from ICE Cel, I am good to go.Phone came packaged with charger, ear bud and a very limited information start up guide. The back case, the part you need to remove to install cards and batteries, seems extremely thin and easy to break. Hope it lasts as long as my Samsung Galaxy Ace has.
I love love love my new Samsung J5 phone. I was a little concerned at first wondering if it would work in the Bahamas (as the side of the box says US sim card only). But when I put my sim card in it worked perfectly. I previously had an iPhone 5 and the battery would die at odd times but with this baby the battery seems to last forever. I can take pics with everyone else and not have my cell phone battery die. And the pictures are so clear!!! I'm also excited about the Google keyboard and swipe texting and also less restrictions with websites and apps. I must say that I'm a very happy camper and would totally recommend this phone. I'm thinking about getting one for my Mom.
I bought this for my 13 and 16 year old sons and they absolutely love it! Great cell for reasonable price! No regrets buying it! I would recommend this product!
Very nice phone, bought it as a gift for my sister..she loves it
working as expected
Three weeks so far and all goes smooth.
A real nice phone.
exceeded expectations
Yes, it reach my expectation.
Nice product
I like this product.PROS:- Good price/value- 16 GB makes it fast and plenty of storage- Uses two sims (I have not tried this)- Photo quality better than I expectedI would have given it 5 stars but couldn't because I knew there are some bells and whistles from S series models not available in this model but was disappointed when found the following missing. This should be shown more clearly on the specs section.CONS:- Does not have compass sensor. Because of GPS you can use it with car navigation apps but can't use for walking directions like with Google maps since the map keeps fixed to the north and follows your motion but does not follow your turns.- Does not have NFC- Can't find a screen protector that fits it
The phone was delivered on time. I t has worked perfectly. I am very satisfied with this purchase.
Great ph.for price. Great camera Great reception Around good phone. People want my phone
Great performance in a big shape
It is fast, light and has a good design.
For one, its supposed to be a used phone I ordered right? But this phone looks and feels like out the factory brand new.I totally love it and this time ama make I pamper this one.Totally totally cool.Love it..The battery seems very ok at least considering how active I am on my phone, phone features? Muuah! Seller? *bear hug* my choice of colour? Loving it... however I didn't get the earpiece alongside but thats ok.
Nice smartphone. Arrived on time. Working here im Brazil.
all ok. thanks
is good enought
Great phone with HD screen. If only it was FHD 1080x1920......
Great phone at a great price.
Good
great!!
Received on time. Product arrived as expected.
An excellent phone. I love it and will recommend it to friends!
This is a great phone for me. Fast, great screen,Very easy to set up. I use one Sims Card for overseas. Battery life in great. I think I got a great deal
Good phone seems to be working good so far. Works good with a digicel sim card
Excellent
I love itAmazing
Great buy loved it.
excellent
Excelent product.
Great phone my nephew loves it
I absolutely love this phone. It's fast and the display is vibrant. The camera is great however it's not S7 quality, as expected with such a low price. For the frugal spender who needs a smartphone, this is the one for you.
Gave this smartphone to my father for his birthday. It meet all his expectations and even pull out some surprises for him. I can even dare to say that, for a tech junkie, it can pull the trick pretty well.
I am amazed at the quality of this phone for a fraction of the S-7 price.
Excellent phone, using it in the USA now. Can't wait to use it in Europe when traveling.
Was good
super cool
muy buen producto
Nice phone!
Love my new phone!!!!
Unbelievably excellent! !!!
The best phone I've owned. It has all the features of the best phones on the market out there.
Excelent
Fantastic phone ....... Make alot of sense
Good phone. Everything like advertised
Great phone. Unlocked. Dual SIM. Works straight out of the box. Large screen.
I love the screen size. And buttons are very responsive
Great phone for the price. Only downside is that it doesn't support LTE. At least not in Panama.Battery lasts long, front camera flash is a nice feature and large screen is also nice. It's kind of heavy though.
It's all right
Beautiful Phone I am A Samsung Guy I Just Love Samsung Devices
nice phone. ideal for scholl and to study
Great phone! Works ONLY for T-MOBILE and AT&T. If you are ready for a new, big smart phone, and are on AT&T or T-MOBILE, this is it! Seems to be the equivalent to the new S7. My phone has a 2nd SIM card slot. Have not tried to put a memory card in it yet. So do not know what, if any, problems could be luring there. Bought this phone used, so it was a great deal money wise too. Mine did not come with a USA outlet charger, though. Do not know if new phones do or not. Bought charger, glass screen, and cover thru Amazon. Make sure you are buying these items that say they are for J7 phones. I do not know if S7 items will work/fit.
Performance is not bad for the price
The Samsung Mini only work for one week it was good for one week then it just died won't turn on wont charge I got a refund from Amazon because the seller wasn't any help at all
I bought this for my son and he LOVES it! It has two micro SIM card slots and a slot for a micro SD card. The display is very rich and crisp. It comes with a set of headphones, micro USB cord, European adapter and a US adapter. And, while it doesn't have 4G LTE, it does have HSPA+ which is still 4 times faster than 3G speeds. I am very happy with my purchase and so is my son.
MUY BUEN CELULAR
Thank you for the phone
Good and economical phone. Clicks awesome pics. Very happy with the phone features.
Great phone, faster than my Galaxy Note 4, great display too.
The phone performance is excellent but it is not LTE how the seller says
I've read the other reviews after which I've purchased my phone and I don't have none of the stated problem such as : only one SIM card slot access able, having no memory card slot etc I've received my phone in great condition and I'm loving it so far and it's been two weeks
I Loveeee it best phone i have ever used. nice and fast. and the battery life last! delivery was prompt.
I love my phone, but I'm very very very disappointed that it does not have a memory card slot. If I could return it for one that meets all my criteria I would.
Just what i needed
Loved my new phone.
two thumbs up
recommendable! delivered on time. very nice product
Cheap and best
Love it.
Great Product. Can complaint anything..
Amazing phone for such a competitive price
This is a nice upgrade from the BLU Dash Dual Sim I had, I don't have the issue of not being able to install more apps like in the BLU. Camera takes decent pics although it could be improved for very dark conditions. The phone does really take advantage of LTE speeds when available. Only thing is that as in the previous dual sim phone I had the screen sometimes freezes for several seconds randomly. I am starting to believe this is caused by having both sims on at the same time. I recommend this if you want to have a good samsung phone but need to have 2 sims and don't want to spend and arm and a leg on the premium phones.
Excelente
So far so good my first Samsung phone. Definitely not going back to Blu or Asus. Even though it's a cheaper end Samsung smartphone it's perfect. The camera is superb. The phone moves very welll. I have had no trouble with it so far.
excellent product
The phone finally arrived (2nd attempt) but it was worth the wait. Beautiful phone. I have no problems with it so far.
Excellent product! Really new and unlocked. Thank you!
I really like this phone. It works smooth and processes fast. Music and videos play clear and without any problems. The size (5.5") of the screen and the overall size of the phone is perfect. This came as unlocked for the Americas region. But it came with instructions that to use this phone outside of the Americas, you have to make a cumulative 5 minute call with an American SIM card. When I inserted a Philippine SIM card in Roaming mode, a popup appeared to type an unlock code. So I followed the directions and made calls with ATT and TMobile. Then I inserted the Philippine SIM card again and it worked! No unlock code required. I will be going to Asia in a few months and will find out if this phone is truly unlocked outside of the Americas region.
Before buying this phone, I bought and returned 2 other phones: ZTE and Honor 5x. This one, the J7, is a keeper. I can't see anything negative about it so far.Appearance: looks great, perfect 5.5" basic HD display. Because it's plastic rather than metal, it's not heavy. It's very slim so can fit nicely in your pocket or small handbag.Performance: finally a phone that pairs and keeps Bluetooth connection, rather than drops it after 10 minutes (which plagues many Android 5.1 devices). Reception seems fine, not better or worse than other phones, my signal showing around -73, the same as other phones. Call quality was perfect, clear, loud on speakerphone, and the other party had no difficulty hearing me either. It has been documented that plastic phones are better than metal when it comes to signal. As I look for a phone that works well as a "phone" rather than everything but, signal and call quality are super important to me.Camera: can't go wrong with 13 mp back camera. Clear, sharp photos that you can edit with the help of many photo apps out there. And because of the nice, crisp screen, your photos look good.Battery: 3000 mAh seem to last forever. It comsumes Zero power at night on standby. Charged it to 100% before going to bed and in the morning it's still 100%.I like the fact that is has a micro sim (2 slots) rather than the invisible nano, which I will probably lose within 2 seconds of handling it never to be found. Huge expansion storage on micro sd card, which cleverly slides on top of sim 1 to save space.My phone was purchased "used, like new" from JP Mobiles, arrived very fast, as new looking as can be. It was a little over $200, which is great price for a fantastic phone, when you think that people shell out a thousand bucks for a phone that may not be any better than this one.
I have purchased this unlocked & it works fine in my country- India without any issues. Just inserted SIM & it was ready.
Great Phone! Just updated to v6.0.1 and it runs very smooth. Recommended!
Excellent
First time user for a smart phone and getting around all the apps. is easy.
I love this phone. Easy to navigate. Great service, easy to use and just the right size. The "Note" is too big for me, but this is a great size.I would buy again, but hope I don't need a new phone for years to come. I am not one who needs a new phone every year .
I love this phone, I hope I am able to keep it. I don't know about the recall!
Easy to use, easy on the eyes. Perfect for my use
I am satisfied with this product and it's price range thanks for the delivery time.
i bought this as a gift for someone that lives outside the US and they absolutely love the performance
Very good phone
Great phone! Factory unlocked. Im using it in the U.S and Mexico
The Samsung J7 is great value for the price, the camera and battery life is awesome!
I absolutely love this phone! I think it's usually compared to the S7 and that's understandable. It's about the same size and the features are very similar. I don't have any complaints to tell. Unlike my last Samsung phone this hasn't freezed while using it and I've been using it for almost a month now. If anything changes I'll be sure to repost but as of now I'm enjoying my phone.
great phone
Keep in mind this is a dual mini chip phone though in US companies freaked at the idea of using 2 chips... only negative is it refreshes all the time.... while messaging etc. If you're long winded like me this can be frustrating.
Excellent, very fast. I realy like!
Bought for a friend don't get any complaints.
Great Product!
AMAZING PHONE FOR THE PRICE
Great phone for a great price
The Samsung J7 is just what I had hoped for. I was looking for a phone with a good camera and sufficient storage. I have downloaded several apps and still have plenty of room for more. So far I am very happy with this phone.
Ok
Very happy with this phone! Easy to use and easy to handle. Beautiful picture quality. Great product for the price
Nice product!!!
I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now. Still getting use to the size (upgraded from Galaxy S3 Mini), huge difference. I love the battery life of this phone. Had no problem with transferring all information from old phone to this one.Only have a couple of problems so far:1. Not compatible with some Apps I had installed on old phone2. No GPS3. Can't register with Samsung4. Showing up as "unknown phone" with my carrier
Had this now for a month.Works well - everything as expected.Hard to find a good case for it.This is a regional phone so concerned I may not be able to use it overseas.no mirror screen to TV
Excellent product
10000 points!
Samsung J7 so far loving it. phone look and feel is great, battery life is great, performance is great. I am watching closely during the 30 day warranty and hope everything continues to be great. Package had no extras, no phone case or screen protector.So far this is a great lower end Samsung option for the price but I am so far very happy.Lots of videos available on utube if you need help doing anything with the phone e.g. which slot to place SIM card or SD card of if you have 2 SIM how to set it up with the SD card.Thumbs up Samsung!
it's very nice
Very nice phone! Performs extremely well for the price! I'm in love.
Just barely underperforms the s6 at half the price. And apparently (from what I've read) the s6 has a lot of annoying features that make it harder to repair when it breaks, but this phone does not have those iphone-esque features. I definitely get the best bang for my buck with this phone.
Wow I can't say much more than that about this phone. It took me awhile to finaly lay my hands on one. These phones Galaxy J7 are awesome dual sim cards micro sd card slot up to 128 gb. Samsung needs to sell these in the States. You can find them on Amazon but be prepaird to wait they sell out as quick as they get them in. Is unlocked works great with T Mobil or Metro PCS and other carriers(check with carrier you use). I read a review on Amazon and I was hooked. Removeable battery better than 6 Edge or others expandable memory. Very good price $ 230 to 270$. Do your homework you cant beat this phone for the price and what it can do.
excellent thanks
Two things you should know. First....this phone takes a MICRO sim card....NOT a NANO sim card. However,If your previous phone took a nano this is really not a problem, since if you take the phone (OR JUST THE CARD) into a main ATT store (or other carriers main store) they will switch cards for you free in a few minutes. I was told, however, that, at least for ATT, their local "stand alone" offices will charge you $25.00. BRING A DRIVERS LICENSE Second, as advertised, this phone is a dual sim model and,to me at least, it was a little confusing as to which slots the sims cards (or card) went into and which slot the memory card went into. After removing the back cover, towards the upper right, you will see 3 slots. The 2 on the right are above and below each other respectfully. The top slot is for the MICRO sim card no.1 one. The bottom slot is for an external memory card, if you wish to insert one. The sole slot on the left is for sim card no.2 if you wish to use one. ENJOY !
great phone
Very nice phone. Had some problems when it arrived. Everything was in spanish. Once got language straightened out. and got the correct size simm card, Works great. Love it.
Excellent
I absolutely love it. It has great battery life, an amazing vivid screen, and great endurance to minir drops on hard surfaces. I can end the day with over half of my battery left.
i like it so much..for its performance its quite fast..
works excellent, needed volume peak, now ok
Good product
Good phone at great price . Just what I need.
Applied very well. Wish the screen protector was just a tiny bi bigger to get all the way to the edge. But it works well where it is needed.
This was a gift for someone.Rating it by the way it looked and felt.
:D
By far this phone is pretty good for the price and is comparable with Galaxy s6 and 7.. Great camera speed and memory...
Works well couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Just popped in my sim from my service provider and I was ready to go
Best deal in my lifetime. Works perfect. I bought one for my wife.
So far it has been a pleasure, no complaints!
Very good
Excellent performance
I was not familiar with this particular phone. The reviews really helped me to make the decision to purchase the Samsung J7. It arrived a couple of days earlier thanks to Amazon delivering on Sundays. It arrived undamaged in a well packaged box. The phone is all I expected it to be and I am completely satisfied with it. It even does not have the battery problems of the S7. I have used the phone now for a few weeks and it has operated perfectly. The funny part is that both AT&T and Best Buy did not know this phone existed. My suggestion is to research before spending $600.00 + for one of the recent phones of any brand.Samsung Galaxy J7 J700M, 16GB, Dual SIM LTE, Factory Unlocked (Gold)
Im using this phone in the USA on Cricket network for both lines...works like a charm! This phone is responsive, has beautiful color and after a full month of using it, ive had no issues with it. Its a beautiful phone and I love it!
Have used for about a month, and am very pleased. I did end up going out of the USA a week after buying the phone, so did make sure I made a 5 minute outgoing call. When I arrived in New Zealand I put in a second SIM card and it worked fine for 2 Degrees in New Zealand. I've been able to figure out the settings I've needed pretty easily, and the battery life is good, keeping a charge over multiple days. I'm enjoying this phone.
I really, really like this phone. It's quick, nice size and unlocked. Done and done.
Protects fine!
EXELENT
The phone is well constructed and looks more expensive than it really costs. However, the back cover is made of plastic, which it less attractive.
Hardly ever use my cell, except when traveling, but so far, this phone is great. Very nice clear, easy to see screen.
So far so good. This phone is great, the only problem I'm having is, where does the sd card go?I've read the Manuel, and cannot find a slot for the card.Can anyone help me?This phone us absolutely awesome. I use straight talk, and was surprised to learn its reconfigured itself to be AT &T, no problems so far.I'm so glad I read the reviews and bought it. You can't go wrong, this phone is worth every penny!!!
Love this cell phone. Great camera. Good sound quality. Love the capacity to use two sim cards simultaneously.
Great, doesn't come with bloatware.
I love my phone, got a 128gb storage card in it and it works even better...it does what I need it to do and I did not have to spend 500 to 600 dollars if I had bought the newest version.
This is a great all-round phone. I liked buying it online at Amazon because I could take my time and do some real comparison shopping before I made my choice.
Excelent product
works very good
good
I got this phone so I could use it with two SIMs for international travel purpose. I have not yet tested it outside the country. The set up was easy. It is nice to be able to remove the battery (and replace it if needed). It is a nice mid-level phone at a reasonable price. I was not able to upgrade it from android 5.1 to marshmellow.
luxury phone my favorite fast and had a great camera
Best phone ever
This is the best phone so far, everything about it is great. The quality of the videos and pictures are amazing. The only reason i don't rate five stars is because of the key board, its hard to space words because of it. Other than that its an amazing product and recomend it for those who want a good phone but cant afford those newer model, expensive phones.
Excellent smartphone everyone thinks its a higher budget phone all functionality works smoothly Bluetooth as well pairs with all my gadgets
I bought this for my son. His previous phone did not have sufficient storage. On this phone he was able to download all his favorite apps. I love the forward facing flash on this phone. I wish my phone had one. It is almost the same size as my note 4. He loved it.
It was deal, am happy.Thank you!
GREAT PHONE! GOOD PRICE
Works great in Argentina. the only low is that doesn't have auto brightness.
Very good phone
It was a gift for a friend, but she likes it a lot.
Until now is working very well
Good product !!
very good, except I thought it comes with a memory card
I have only had the device for a week now but so far so good. This is the reason for only 4 stars... if it continues to hold up and work as expected that rating would definitely go to 5 stars.I am happy with the size and speed of the phone. The ability to use it as a "Bring Your Own Phone" was awesome as I use this with the Tracefone service and got triple minutes because of the phone. Was also very happy to see it hit 4G service.The only thing that worried me for a short time was when I first inserted the sim card and booted up the phone and it's base language was spanish! I thought I was in big trouble until the final phase of setup when it switched to English for me automatically. The Sim card and my SD card went in very easily after I figured out where the slot for the SD card was! The documentation is thin and vague even with a picture which doesn't illustrate the slots very well, or at least label the drawings. Turns out the SD card went into the same slot connector as the sim card, only on top of the sim card. I guess this is new and seems to save room inside for the dual sims. You can use dual sim cards but it does not appear to switch between them automatically... some interaction is required.Still learning about all the features and how to get the most out of the 13mp front camera.
I love everything about this phone. It works perfect 95% of the time. The problem is that on occasion the media/main speaker on the back of the phone will turn off and all sound will emit from the small phone speaker on the screen side. This is fixable by restarting the phone which takes maybe 15 seconds tops. I love the screen size, its comparable to the iPhone 6. Very customizable interface, as Android always is. Never have a problem with apps closing or freezing. Long battery, especially with the power save option. With regular use (using apps, internet, GPS, calling and texting), I can make the battery last an entire weekend. Camera is also great quality, front and back, ans has a lot of built in editing. I would recommend this phone to anyone.
After the last Samsung purchase (Note II in 2012) was disappointed to see the manufacturer slowly veer away from what mainly made it stand out from the Apple phones - removable battery and external SDHC card support.This phone is unlocked and supports dual sim which suits international travel needs of mine.So far am loving it because it only used up 3% battery in over 24 hours while sitting on the desk in standby mode.
Everything as expected, thanks.
A very nice smartphone. Could not link to my current Verizon account, but it does work well with my Wi-Fi. Fast, and light weight.
The phone comes with a charger, battery, and headphones. It has a solid build that feels like a flagship phone. It is Android so it comes with all those great features. My grandma uses the phone in easy mode which has the apps in a bigger size and easier to navigate interface. It is perfect for her.
I provided this same review for my phone, which is the same phone in black. This is my wife's phone. Wonderful phones at less than half the price of the Galaxy S7. Fast processor. More than enough storage at 16GB vs. 32GB on the S7. And the RAM is 2GB vs. 4GB on the S7. Both have expandable micro SD capabilities. The resolution and pixel count is higher on the S7, but how important is that on a 5.5 inch screen (J7) vs. only 5.1 (S7). The images and video on the J7 are beautiful, and when I cast them to our home TV's they are as good as or better than what Prism TV offers. The cameras are nearly identical. Other than a few high-end teasers like Corning Gorilla Glass, Image Stabilization, water "resistance", and optional wireless charging, all only available on the S7; I, as a responsible adult cell phone user, who does not use the device for business purposes, can find NO REASON whatsoever to foolishly spend the $$ on the S7. I bought my wife and I each a new phone for less than one Galaxy S7. And I am the average user of music, movie, sports, and shopping apps. Trust me this phone is fine.
Still exploring the features but so far I am happy with it
The battery lasts forever, the colour is very nice, and it was much later than expected. The two bad characterstics about this phone are the call and ringer volume, and the camera is not great quality (especially in low light--it gets VERY grainy). If call sound quality (and volume) and a good camera are important to you then this is not the phone for you. But if you want a battery that seems to last forever (like days) then I'd say it's a winner.
In Ecuador works OKNo problem with the shipping or the product
This phone is perfect for me. I like that it is bigger than a typical phone so i can use both hands. There is a one hand option, but i prefer using both hands so a smaller phone drives me crazy. Ive had multiple samsung galaxys as well as iphones. This phone has everything i need personally. The speaker volume is the same as the others. For a low budget phone this is great. The only thing is that the camera isnt amazing, but that is unimportant to me. I can still take photos/ selfies.
👍
Good quality and very fast. Love it !
Loving it great product for its price easy to use... excellent was ipone user ... this phone is great!
I really love it, just like I ordered, great color, light, thin, and its camera Love the picture qualities, for selfies its awewome day and night, I tried the front flash in the dark of course during night and it is great. I couldnt expect any better. It came 4 days before the expected date. I bought from the seller BREED very responsible.
As expected. Week T-mobile signal in my house. Good for the price.
It works perfect, top quality shipping
Everything OK.
Very good phone its the best phone they ever made.
simply Love it
I am truly enjoying my J7. I am from Jamaica and it works great. I had a mini S4 before so the size of it shocked me, but I am getting use to it. The only issue I have was the lack of a default media player. I downloaded one from my ap store but it doesn't show all the songs on my SD card, but I know that they are there since I checked it on my computer. Other than that, it is a really good purchase compared to what is currently on the market
excellent
I loved the phone but, it freezes sometimes you have to reset but besides that's I love the phone and features the dual SIM is a problem had to use my 1 slot for international and remove my original SIM to put my international SIM in place,minor.
All perfect!
Love this phone, it's way better the the iPhone I had, keeps a long charge after much use.
Best Ever
I have not found anything that I don't like about this phone. Absolutely love it. Would definitely recommend.
Amazon, the best phone I had well received and I would like to say that what I had read in different reaction of the buyers are really not true.To this I would like to tell the truth of this phone. This is really a good phone, with good picture, good sound, good camara from in front and from the rear, that works fast, is very good package from Amazon.
This phone is absolutely phenomenal. I am very pleased with this purchase If you are a true techie and or just feel like you just have to pay $800-$900 for iPhone or the new Samsung Galaxy S7 you go right ahead. Of which neither one of those phones offer a dual SIMs card slots so that you can have both a personal or business line in one phone the technology is superb. Please pay attention and be aware that there are two models of this phone the j700h and the j700M/DS please do not make the mistake and order the j700h like I did to later realize that it was a older model once I realize the mistake I immediately cancel that order & ordered the correct model j700M/DS. Definitely read the information so that you won't make that mistake I almost mad but, I was fortunate enough to stop the payment of the initial order and then order of the correct phone. Like it says in the description this phone does not come with the Gorilla Glass but ordered a package of Gorilla Glass to fit this phone and it works perfectly problem solve. But again I want to reiterate thatyou need watch for the model number to be sure that you are getting the correct phone this phone is equivalent and better than the Samsung Note series. This is a great phone!!! I also wanted to mention that the J700M/DS is 4G LTE and that the j700H/DS is only 3G.
it works
Best phone ever for the price. Really fast and amazing screen.
I love it, a good working phone with all the nice feature, absolutely would recommence this product to family and friend.Good seller, delivered on time as support to be.
Excellent buy
The camera is not very good as I expected.
It's good
Great
Great phone for price! Takes good pics. Easy to understand if you are familiar with Android.Love the larger size of the phone.
Excellent
Product is better than expected. Received as promised and works perfectly for what I needed.
Very good phone as a good as a galaxy s7 the phone is fast and has 1.5 gb of ram.
Good phone, great buy for the money. I wanted a premium phone without paying $500 or more, this phone meets my expectations, but don't expect a great camera. Would I like it to shoot as nice of photos as the S6, you bet, does it? No way. But for the $250 or more I saved, I can live with that. Make sure you get the M or F models. One reseller sent me the H/DS model which is cheaper and has different screen and processor even though it was listed as a 700F. Most people may not notice that, but there is a difference. Samsung makes different versions of the J7 for different regions of the world. Avoid the H/DS version, it doesn't have as good a display or processor.
It's great
Excelent service. I got no complain.
Good phone ...long battery duration. ..4 stars coz we cannot pair with it galaxy watches. ..
Great phone. Factory unlocked.
Selfie Phone. Take picture during night or dark lights not a problem.
My kid is fascinated with the cel
Well, a little confusing at first. I was upgrading from my old Samsung Galaxy Ace prototype I got SEVERAL years ago. After I finally got through the initial set up programing it is great so far....just got it yesterday. Very nice size and now that I have gotten into it a little, it seems super easy to use. Has all the old features I used all the time on my old phone. Would recommend HIGHLY!!
I love the phone - only issue i have is the headphones are not working properly
Good buy
great cellphone. big and faster, and everithing u spect in a samsung. nothing new.
Everything excelent!
The production is working fine
Excellent
perfect...
Great Price!
Love the new Samsung Galaxy J7. Features are great....just wish I can get to master a lot of them. My only criticism is that the phone does not appear to have a microphone at the bottom like most other models, and the tone quality seems to suffer. Otherwise great phone.
Why pay so much for smart phones? This one is perfect. Easy for a newbie also.
Works well out of the country.
No android marshmallow update available over the air.
Ordered this for my brother he is really happy with it.
Excellent phone, never ever gets hot, very great picture quality, like smart manager app, great resolution. I am using it for more than 12 months. I like removable battery, and dual SIM.
Works very good loving it
Great phone, however be mindful that this phone is not supported by Samsung in the US. It's also unclear to me if it has a warranty, even though you see a warranty in the product information, read the highlighted text at the end of it.If you go the the Samsung site and type the model number: SM-J700M, you will not find it! T-mobile also confirmed that it's not in their database. I use it with T-mobile and it works fine.Another thing to be be aware of is that it will not work with accessory devices like the Samsung Gear Fit2. I bought the gear fit and had to return it because it is not compatible with this unlocked version of the J7. This was confirmed by a Samsung technician at Best Buy.Otherwise I find this phone to be very capable and snappy. A lot of phone for the price.
It was a good purchase. The phone came in good condition and it's as good as most of the Samsung Galaxy J phones. The shipping wasn't very fast, but I am happy after all.
I got this phone for my husband, he loves this phone.
Love this phone it is perfect for me
Excellent phone, but the instructions says that for a not american sim card, a cumulative 5 min call is needed. I put an argentinian sim card and it worked just fine
Prefect, it was exactly what I needed to travel out of the country
This phone is AWESOME I thought it would have some flaws that I would have problems with but I love it. 5stars
For the price this is by far the best smartphone ever, wife is going to order one.
Before purchasing this SUPERB J7 phone, I had the Galaxy Grand Prime, which I purchased about ayear ago (I was very happy with the Grand Prime just wanted a newer phone). Since am a techie type, I upgrade my phone once every year. Before this purchase, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites and the specs were just what I was searching for and below I will explain why I believe that this mid range phone is an excellent choice! The color I chose is BLACK and it looks stunning, the black color frames the phone very well. The white back cover I ordered from Amazon...see pictures of this phone and cover below. The cover has texture in back to keep this phone in my hand.I recently purchased a HP wireless printer, installed HP app and PrinterShare app from Playstore and when on WiFi, I print directly from this amazing tablet.PROS:+ Micro Sim Card – My model of phone will accept TWO Micro Sim Cards and a 128SD card. I loaded TWO Sim Cards (one for personal and an extra Sim just to see if both worked).SIM ONE is the one I use 90 percent of the time, SIM TWO I just had left from an old phone, so why not try this feature out! (Sim ONE is the PRIMARY SIM, the one used most, Sim Two I use for an extra Sim.**One large reason I purchased this phone (there were MANY GOOD REASONS), was the MICRO Sim card. I was not ready to deal with a NANO card at this time. I just popped in my existing Micro Sim and the phone was ready to use!+ SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5.5 inch screen. It fits easily into my purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone.**This phone is THIN and LIGHT and it is easy for me to hold in my hand (I am a small person). They have setting for ONE HANDED use for phone and a couple of other things as well.+ Memory and Storage Space – This tablet comes with 16GB Internal storage memory. However, once the OS and Apps from factory were install, this left 11.6GB of storage space left for my own apps.I loaded this out with WPS Office, Maxthon Browser, Rocket Music Player, and a few helpful weather radar apps etc and I still have over 10GB left right now.**There is 1.5GB RAM Memory, which I find adequate and enough to run my new J7 smoothly and peppy.+ SD Card Capacity – There is a slot for adding an SD Micro card UP to 128GB. I had on hand a 64GB card with my photos, videos, files on it and the phone read this card just fine. I believe that when I decide to load new card at 128GB, there will be no problem. For now, I still have 40 GB left on my SD card for later use.+ Lollipop 5.1.1. This is a superb version of Lollipop. The phone runs very fast with no hiccups even when I had several running apps going. I found that Samsung does have the Touch Wiz interface, yet on this phone I found little bloatware - not nearly like on previous Samsung models.+ Camera - This has a 13MP camera and I am amazed at the clarity of the pictures that I have taken with phone. For example, I took a close up of a multi colored eyeglass case for tiny flowers on it and each flower was very sharp and also vivid in color. Then I took outdoor shots of a few things around my home, indoor shots of special foods that I prepared and the results were truly amazing---the colors were sharp, bright a vivid. This camera is a HUGE improvement from my old Samsung Grand Prime phone that had 8MP.+ Screen Resolution/Special Screen Information - For me personally, I find the resolution (at 267 PPI - Pixels Per Inch) excellent as the colors in the screen are very bright and vivid and very clear! In fact, webpages and my Kindle Reading app are just stunning on this phone! *All of my pictures and videos are crystal clear with this phone.***OUTSIDE VIEWING the screen. So that I can easily view this screen in bright sun outdoors, I open the notification area, there is an outside view that I check so that it is VERY easy to see this screen on daylight. In the daytime, I use this often when I take pictures outdoors, I see the screen clearly even in direct sunlight!+ WiFi/4G (LTE) (Internet): Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent (even in the very back of my home and outside), most of the time I have 4 bars (outside is 2.5 bars). When not near a router or WiFi hotspot, my area just received LTE and this phone is LIGHTENING FAST in date when I use LTE Data on it!+ OTG – This phone supports On the Go with the micro USB port so I can add a 64GB flash drive with my office files, pictures etc and the phone easily reads these files.+ Temperature of the battery and coolness of this phone - This phone and battery runs very cool and normal temp and most of the time it is running at 78 F degrees to 87 F degrees. When I download lots of apps or play games, it may get up to 90 degrees for a couple of minutes but goes right down to normal temps. I have run many programs on this phone and it DOES NOT OVERHEAT. I have read that some newer smart phones will sometimes get up as high as 112 degrees, this one for me has not done this.It is important to keep a phone running cooler as it will prolong the life of the phone and it is easier on the battery as well.+ Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well. ***I have a partial hearing loss so I pressed the EXTRA VOLUME in the telephone part and it worked well.+ BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning). I have better battery life than I had on my old Samsung Grand Prime. Also to save battery, I turn off WiFi or Data and tap the ON OFF button (put to sleep). This way, I use my phone from 8am until 10pm on a charge and STILL have about 20 percent…to do this, I make sure that I turn WiFi or Data off when not using it.+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 128GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone! (I placed a 64GB SD Card in this phone and I still have room left).And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.+ Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called WPS Office (free) which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.+ Kindle Books App – This I downloaded and I adjusted the FONT SIZES to larger and MARGINS to narrow so I can really read the books comfortably. Reading on this 5.5 inch phone is a joy and I like to read on the go.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Also, there is a newer Archived Flash out. So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the phone, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes in a heartbeat as for me the best phone that I have ever owned! And for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, as it is a very easy to use phone and very high in quality.I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
This phone is awesome. I love it because it have great features which are easy to use.
Such a nice phonethe front flash is the best!
Great phone
Excellent phone. Great screen size and very good speed. Battery charge duration is really good and it is fully recharged in a short time.
YES Indeed it's a great phone I LOVE IT
just used for a day. It works with T mobile (LTE)!Wifi: It does not detect my home network 5GHz network. (It works -- mac/lenovo tab -- they connect to 5GHz). I don't know if its generic samsung issue or something else.
So far so good this phone is like the galaxy edge big lite weight so many amazing features😊
Is beautiful
Got damn good!!!!
EXCELENTE
A bit slow but works well for the price.
I have not fully tested the functionalities of this Samsung J7 phone, but I am satisfied with what I am seeing so far. I only have two issues to date:1. I cannot find the schedule auto off/on function2. There is no available English user manual for the phone either built within the phone or on any website.
Excelent product, in Argentina works perfect. Thanks
Excellent!!!
I am enjoying the phone. I like the size and it is fast. But, it has started auto rebooting repeatedly during the day which makes me have to sign back into my Google play. Is there something I can do to stop that from happening. Otherwise I am pleased. Arrived on time in a original box.
I purchase our first J7 for my wife and she was happy. Mind you both of our phones were Google Nexus 5. I just purchased a J7 for my use.My Nexus was starting to shut off.Other then getting use to the way it works I have no problems. No led notification light work around is a app called noled. Then the only other two apps I need was Google now launcher and Google Keyboard.I like the larger screen and the fact it has a larger screen.Update 11/15/16After having the phone for some time. Here is what I like.1. Larger Screen2. Longer Battery Life3. Works as well as my Nexus 5Here is what I dislike.1. Compass app will not. but this is a minor issue.
Perfecto
Excellent !!... Is a grate cellphone.
All good, works fine speedy delivery
It have microSD slot
The phone has everything that I am looking for. It met all my expectation. It is as good as the Galaxy S6 or S7 without the big price tag.
great
Every thing was perfect! 10 pts!
The volume is too low everything else is great
This a great phone
Got this for my sister and she loves it!
Excelente
The item is perfect! The seller was quick to respond to my needs when I had a question. Very satisfied!
I am very pleased with this phone. The fonts the themes the size of the phone and definitely the camera. (Mainly the clarity and front flash) Everything Is perfect. Upon receiving the phone I had to get a new Sim card from at&t because my iPhone 5 Sim card was too small. However the representatives at at&t couldn't connect the internet. I was initially mad upset distraught everything u would imagine. So I got home and immediately came home and contacted costumer service. They were very helpful and assured me that the phone is compatible with at&t. They gave me some tips on resolving the issue. I don't know what I did exactly but I did get the internet working and over all I'm enjoying my new phone. I highly reccomend this phone to anyone looking for something new.
It's beautiful, fast and easy to manage. I recomend it
Absolutely ! the best phone i have ever owned ,i really like this phone,great quality ! they thought of everything when creating this phone and at a great price,thanks so much :)
Excelent phone for the price. Great camara.
good one.
Love this phone...takes superb pictures and the wide screen is great for the average movie lover
Really a great phone. I can't imagine sticking yourself to a contract to get a phone instead of purchasing this. Very fast and battery life is amazing, especially if you put it in Batter Saver mode (I can't tell that it changes the performance at all)
Brilliant cell phone! Fast, snappy, works well with plenty of useful apps.If you like to record your phone calls, some phones do not have the direct link to the received signal and need to use the phone microphone to record what the speaker says. Not this one, it records straight from the insides of the system very clearly. Of course you have to use the right App (I'm using Galaxy Call Recorder) but if you read that some phones have "issues" or need to turn the volume fully up to record calls, this one is not one of them. It records beautifully.On top of that dual sim, can take a 128GB micro SD card (some phones go up to 32 or 64), great screen, 13MP camera.Absolutely fantastic phone at a great price. I cannot tell what a more expensive model can offer that this one doesn't.
Excellent phone. This phone has two good features that higher end samsung phones have. They are quick launch of the camera by double tap of the home button and it has the theme store. The theme store is really cool. It changes the look of your home screen, apps, calendar and text msg and email app. I also have a note 4 and this phone is a little faster. I really love this phone and the performance really exceeds my expectations! I used it with AT&T and it works fine.
I purchased this phone for my daughter and she loved it. And I loved it too. I will recommend this phone.
Exactly what I expected
It's a cheaper but yet a very useful phone.. nothing like Samsung, right?
I really love it. It is an excelente phone and much cheaper than the S series. The flash in the front camera is unique. Worth the price. A bit heavy, though. And the gold version is cute. Highly recommendable. Even for men. Fits in the pocket as well although it's not that small
Very good relation cost/quality . Works great with 4G Movistar in Argentina . It goes very fast and I found it very practical.
Excelent
Seems to have everything as the gallaxy s7. Very satisfied
Very good
Ok so I thought I did all of my research before buying this phone to find something that was under $300 with NFC...the specs on the J700M has NFC on every website I checked, and even the manual on this page but my phone does not have it. I have dual SIM which I don't even need, but don't have the one feature I really wanted. I was so disappointed I wanted to return it. I just returned a Moto X because it was really buggy (screen turned into pink stripes) and ate ALL my SIM cards so I really didn't want to go through that again.Ok that being said, this phone is so awesome for everything else! It has a nice display, nice camera, really looks exactly like my husband's note 5! I am trying to get used to the keyboard. It's a little too sensitive and doesn't have that feature where you slide around to each letter to type words..I kinda miss that. Anyway, phone has no flaws, no pauses, not freezing or overheating. Screen looks amazing! Battery life is awesome I barely put this thing down since 8 am and it's almost 8pm and I have 30% battery left! The quality is just way more than I expected that I cannot return it. I am just gonna find a way to get NFC in this phone. Maybe rooting? If anyone knows how to do this please let me know! And I think I can find another keyboard. It's only been 2 days, so I'm still trying to figure stuff out but I can't understand why his phone is not sold in the US?!? My SIM works better in this phone than the phones that I actually bought in the US! All of my phone calls are clear on WiFi and cellular and always have service. Im using T-Mobile.
Its very good ^~^
Purchased this because I liked my old Galaxy S3 and just did not want to spend the money for the newer Galaxy S line. It is a good phone, great battery life from my perspective, and charges fast. I just popped in my sim card from my S3 phone (AT&T carrier). There was a wizard-type setup that led me through configuring it, and it offered the opportunity to re-install my old apps. You definitely want to take the option to edit on this one and deselect any old stuff that you don't use anymore (or that was bloatware installed by your carrier). If you want lots of detail about this phone, look for a reviewer named Daisy. Daisy provided great information and that is what gave me the confidence to take the plunge to buy this phone. I've had my phone for a little over a month and there are no problems. (The only thing that was a little tricky to get going again was my visual voicemail, but that was resolved by resetting my password and setting it up from scratch.) Based on my experience with this phone, we will go with the J line for future phone replacements in my family. Tip: You can see some variant of the J7 if you go to a T.mobile store. I did that because I wanted to experience the size/weight in hand before I purchased. BTW, when you are looking for accessories, you need to know whether this phone is a "2015" or a "2016". It's a 2015, based on the processor (Octa Core 1.5GHz) identified on the plastic screen overlay it shipped with.
It was excellent. Thank you.
Great phone. Very bright and easy to read display. My battery lasts about 4 days on one charge with moderate use.This is the version you want, other sellers on Amazon are selling the cheaper version which does not have LTE support.
Meets my expectations so far, but a bit oversized for my small hand and normal sound colum is less than my old cheap LG phone.
Looks, feels and works like a charm
Really great phone. I activated it with tracfones bring your own phone plan very easily. The guidebook does not say how to insert the sd card, but it can be inserted on top of the right sided SIM slot. There are two sim slots so you can have 2 different phone numbers if you like. I don't plan to, but it's a neat option.
excellent
good smartphone , operates in Venezuela in LTE , I use with my line Digitel .
Yep! I absolutely love this phone. It is so fast and easy to set up too. I am not overly tech savvy so I was worried I would never get everything set up correctly. It could not have been easier. I had read several reviews that talked about the phone coming in Spanish and it did BUT the option to switch from Spanish to English is right on the opening screen Easy peasy. All my apps transferred over...I have no idea how but am just happy they did. The phone is very light weight and the screens are clear and rich in color. I ordered a protective case and now I am all set! BTW I am 66 years old so if I can do this so can you!
very goods
I like the FM broadcast radio feature. It's not true that you have to use earphones. You can plug in an audio cord (like for patching into your car stero) or an old cheap set of earphones with the earphones cut off, and that will serve as an antenna and play the sound through the speaker. Very handy to have old fashioned radio on my phone. Other reviews have covered everything else.
A bit low on memory (1.5) and screen resolution 720p, but a great phone for the price.
Excellent product. Arrived on time and there's no problem using it in Argentina.
Wow.. amazing. Dont let the bad reviews fool you this phone it just as good as the $500+ phones .. I go through at least 3 phones a year for multiple reasons this is the best for a great price. At work today everyone had to check out my phone.. all i heard was " mine doesn't do/have that" and they have good quality cases for this phone so you are really getting a deal.
Just what I wanted......excellent features. loved it...
I do not chase phone. I love this phone very much especially for the price.
Great
Really Excellent
Still learning to use it but I love everything about this phone. I use tracfhone prepaid service and it works great on this phone.
This phone is great. I upgraded from a a Galaxy Note and this phone is faster.
Grate smartphone for the price. Performance is quite acceptable. Reception, Charge time, and Dual Sim. Product arrived on time. Thanks,
Very good phone work great.
Love this phone. Does everything i want it to and the replacable battery and upgradable memory options make me VERY happy i broke up with apple. Buy this phone. You wont regret it.
I love it..
Got one for my mom. Mom doesn't need a compass. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality (in a good way). Mom loves the phone!
Excelent!
Yes meet expectations.
The phone does not have wifi calling like my old phone did. I am disappointed, some reason it sometimes says the SD card is unmounted and a little while late it is back on. Other then these two issues it is good.
It is just as fast and good as my friends' Samsung Galaxy S6s. Great price for a quality phone.
So far so good!
Great phone, replaces my Samsung galaxy 4 very nicely. Good price.
One of my favorite and least regrettable purchase. This Samsung J7 phone exceed all my expectations. I would DEFINITELY recommend it and buy it again. The delivery was also very speedy.
I bought (2) J7 Galaxy's unlocked and they are fine. No issues with any of my sim chips or app's. The processor appears to be adequate for my needs.
Really glad I made this choice...Im in love with the phone. great size lightweight.
working very good for me!!.
My daughter loves her new phone
The Samsung galaxyj7 works awesome photos are marvelous I made a right decision in purchasing one
Great product and timely delivery..as advertised..
Pretty amazing phone for the price. It set up beautifully with my AT&T sim card. The only irks I have is that it doesn't have a dual sim card slot as advertised and this phone has no LED indicator lights. So if the phone is charging or a call or text comes in, no light blinks to let you know. You need to hit the button for home screen to see notifications. The dual sim card is annoying but not a deal breaker for me. The bottom line is you will get a quality phone for under 300 bucks that will keep up with the new trendy phones for twice the price. I've already had a few people ask me what model this phone is and how sharp it looks. It does look and feel like a very pricey phone. It is LTE which is essentially a 4G phone so it is fast. I love it and very happy with this purchase.
This is by far the Best Smart Phone I have had. I use tracfone service, inserted the sim card and my micro SD and it works perfectly, no problems, no calls to tracfone. It does Not have the Marshmallow 6.0, that's ok with me, I did some research and the 2016 J710 is $350-$400 which I did Not want to pay for a phone that mostly sits in my purse. The only problem I had was figuring out that the Micro SD card gets inserted immediately Above the sim card, I had to consult the owners manual for that.
verry good
very nice phone and camera , no issues so far
Great phone so far and fast shipping!
Great phone!! Fast, powerfull and nice look.4g lte works perfect in south america
good phone
Excelente teléfono
For those of you in the US with AT&T this phone works perfectly. I could not be happier. My iPhone 6s Plus was having issues, so I decided to go with the Samsung Galaxy J7. When it arrived I popped in the Sim from my iPhone 6s Plus (With an adapter iphone has a nano, J7 is a micro) and turned on the phone. It came up perfectly, no configuration required. Even the tethering worked. If I had to say what are the cons the only thing I have found so far is the inability to turn off the shutter sound on the camera. I was worried about the camera quality because the iPhone is the gold standard, but changed the J7 to pro mode adjusted the iso even in low light the photos are good (if you leave it in auto I get too much noise in low light)I purchased an extra battery so I have a spare, a case on Amazon and the SD card 128GB.Would I buy it again, absolutely! The cost of my 128GB iphone 6S Plus was nearly $1000, this phone has similar performance, removable battery, SD slot and Dual SIMs for about $250 + $30 SD Card. Very Pleased!
Everything as expected.
If you're in the US and on ATT and are looking for a relatively inexpensive smartphone without a contract, this might just be it. I've tried some of the cheaper brands that Amazon sells. Phones intended for sale in the US from BLU, Huawei, and ZTE. All budget phones under 300 dollars. And then someone mentioned the Samsung J7 to me on another forum so I watched a bunch of videos and learned all I could. What I found was a phone far more capable at gaming that any other budget priced phone, and also a phone that happens to look quite premium. Outside of games it also performs pretty darned well. I'm very impressed.Here's what you give up when you decide to get this phone:- Ambient light sensor. Not a big deal to me. When I'm inside I keep my phone at about 20 percent brightness. When I go outside I use the Outdoors brightness option that this phone has and it performs beautifully. Much nicer than any of the other budget phones I've used outdoors.- Notification light (I kinda miss this, but it's not a huge deal)- Glass back (I don't care about this)- backlit keys on the bottom of the phone (I would like those, but after an hour or two your brain remembers exactly where those buttons are.The version of the phone I bought was the J700m. It's intended for use in the Americas (South and North). When you turn it on, it selects Spanish as the language for the phone, but it lets you scroll up and select English. From that point on everything is in English. Put your sim card in prior to turning it on the first time. I put my ATT sim in slot 1 (the slot to the right with the memory card slot immediately above it) and a memory card right above it and then booted up the phone. After a quick setup, I was into the phone and downloading my apps. I told Spotify to use the mem card to store music and it did it. Same for my podcast app. It's a cheap way to conserve the precious internal storage. Some other reviews of this phone at Amazon have stated it doesn't work with ATT. That's completely untrue. This version of the phone works beautifully with ATT. My LTE speeds are incredible. No problems whatsoever.Ive never used a phone with Touchwiz on it before but I read a lot of complaints about it. Personally I love it so far. It's incredibly configurable. You can change the entire look of the phone by adding new themes, of which there are a ton of free ones on the Samsung store. Some reviewers have mentioned that the phone as a lot of bloatware. Also untrue. My phone had the usual Google apps and a couple from Microsoft (like Onedrive). There were no Game demos etc. Of the 16 gigs of internal storage, I had about 11 gig free when I turned it on for the first time.Bottom line is that this is a great budget/mid-range phone that is built to handle the networks in the Americas. For me that means ATT. I couldn't be happier with the phone.Update #1:Battery life after the first few days is incredible. It only has Lollipop 5.1.1 on it but when the screen is off (especially at night), it consumes almost no battery. I sleep for about 8 hours and when I wake up, 1 percent has been used. That's amazing. My iPhone would lose 10-20 percent battery life over the same period. Again, this doesn't have Marshmallow so there's no Doze feature. This is just the native OS managing battery.Also a cool feature that I've not seen on other phones is a manage memory app that Samsung includes. Using it clears all apps from memory and frees up as much space as possible for you. This has been incredibly useful.Update #2: I don't use a case or screen protector. One of the knocks against this phone by some reviewers was the lack of gorilla glass and what that would mean in regards to fingerprints and scratches. Well someone tested the glass online and it had the same scratch resistance as phones with Gorilla Glass 3 do. As for being a nasty fingerprint magnet like my last phone (the lackluster Honor 5X), it isn't. In fact it's resistant to fingerprints in a way that I haven't experienced on a phone or tablet before. I'm not sure how they're doing it, but it's impressive. Every few days I hit it with a cleaning cloth, but not because the fingerprints are out of control. Just to make it look brand new again.I'm also very pleased with the feel and weight of this phone in my hand. It feels incredibly premium despite not being a metal phone. Also, the buttons have a great feel to them as well. The more I use the phone, the more impressed I am with what Samsung has delivered here for 250 dollars. And once again, the gaming performance is tremendous and better yet is that my phone has never heated up while gaming. I also love the customizability of the theme store.
My wife love her Samsung galaxy J7. It works really good here in Bahamas.
Great smartphone
Great phone. The battery doesn't last very long but that is the only thing I can criticize.
love it
I got this phone and am amased at how good it really is. Unbelievably fast, ultra clear display and photos that are hard to believe came from a cell phone. I put in a 128gb memory card, and 2 sim cards and the phone works flawlessly. Switching from my private number to my business line is extremely fast and easy. I really love all the different ways to personalize this phone. I have had about 6 Samsungs and several other phones since my first phone (a motorola brick as it was called). My phone shows 4g LTE service and I am way out in the country. I used to stand in only a couple of areas of my home to get a signal on old phone and this one pulls the signal right in, in all rooms. You will not be unhappy or find this phone lacking in any way. We compared it with a friends S-7 Edge and found the only thing this one could not do, is light up it's side like the edge does. But, for $600 buck less, I can do without the fancy edge.
very good product with reasonable price
all ok
i like it, fast service, as saw at internet.
Excellent value for money.
I am extremely satisfied with this purchase. I needed a phone both for work and personal use and also for international use as I have a small business. Regardless of the number of telephones I have, I don't actually talk on the phone a lot so I use tracfone service for the US and Telestial abroad. The phone is great and works well with any GSM card I put in. Tracfone customer service is a little clueless about how to use the dual sim for two numbers, but basically you register both IMEI's that you can retrieve by dialig *#06# and register two sim that are GSM AT&T compatible. With telestial, I cut down my old sim into a micro sim and it works fine.The phone is great, easy to use, nice size, great photos (although not so great with close ups - you have to use an extra lens if you're really fussy). I can't say it has the high end feel of my other Samsung purchases, but technically it's great. It's flimsy in comparison to my Samsung galaxy tablets and to my Pentagram phone (which I bought in Poland and is still a great phone - it's Chinese and beautifully made). However, for$ 219 USD this Samsung J7 is a good purchase. My only minor complaint, which others have noticed as well, is that the volume is low and I might add, the bluetooth connection tends to drop. For me the bluetooth is a minor inconvenience as I have bluetooth earbuds for music, but if you're trying for business calls on this phone, it might not be the best option.
Perfect
Very good item
Super fast, the battery was at 80% after two days of normal use and about 1.5 hr of watching netflix on my lunch break and such. it's on board speaker is the best I have ever heard it sounds as good and is capable of nearly the volume as the portable speaker I have that is about 4 times the size of the phone
Received phone on time and is better than we could've hoped for!!
I love my phone
Love this phone. It has what I need without overdoing anything..
Very very nice phone - for any price. Makes me wonder why I pay so much for my iPhone 6 plus. Planning to use this on a Asia trip and use a local SIM for data while retaining my US phone number and SMS. This phone is plenty fast, the display is very nice (the AMOLED display is arguably nicer than the iPhone IPS LED - colors really pop out, never knew what reviewers meant until now). Camera takes decent pictures. I suspect the iPhone has a much brighter lens (smaller f-stop) as the indoor shots can have motion blur - plusthe iphone 6+ has image stabilization, which I guess I am starting to miss on this phone. Tried to register the phone in the USA Samsung site but it won't take the IMEI or serial number. Perhaps it's not supported in the US. In the meantime, I have popped 2 AT& SIMs in to test it out and it works. The "SIM card manager" function complains that some services on the SIMs are not working, but I seem to be able to get phone calls and SMS on both SIMs, and data on the primary SIM that I chose. So I don't know what to make of it. All my key apps on iOS are available on Android except iMessage and handoff to Mac - those 2 could very well prove to be the be killer apps that force me back to iOS. Bluetooth connections to cars and speakers work great. Speaker on phone is crap, but not of concern. The power switch is SUPER sensitive - light touches will turn it on when the phone is completely turned off. Seems to take a long time to fully charge too. Will update on how it performs on my trip.
Great phone
Excellent phone. I bought it few days ago and so far I'm very happy with it (knock! knock!). Dual sim works like a charm with T-Mobile and AT&T providers. When setting it up, message said that I can only have one LTE service with another at slower speed but now I enjoy both (don't know how it happened). So with a touch of a finger I can flip between 2 different carriers - Sim 1 or Sim 2 and I love it! So instead of 2 phones, I carry only one. Also great reassurance from a company who sold this phone and shipped by Amazon. They sent me email explaning what kind of phone is it and telling me to contact them, if something is not up to my satisfaction. As of now, I strongly recommend this phone.
great phone.love it.
Came on time and works just fine!
Great
Working like a Samsung phone should. No problems so far. Excellent phone for the price. Most people have never heard of a Samsung J7. Glad I saw this on Amazon.
Good phone, great buy for the money. I wanted a premium phone without paying $500 or more, this phone meets my expectations, but don't expect a great camera. Would I like it to shoot as nice of photos as the S6, you bet, does it? No way. But for the $250 or more I saved, I can live with that. Make sure you get the M or F models. One reseller sent me the H/DS model which is cheaper and has different screen and processor even though it was listed as a 700F. Most people may not notice that, but there is a difference. Samsung makes different versions of the J7 for different regions of the world. Avoid the H/DS version, it doesn't have as good a display or processor.
It's great
Excelent service. I got no complain.
Simular to the galaxy grand prime phone but over better to battery life and storage space and screen size i really am satified for the $$$ spent.
So far I love this phone. The real test will be how it works on an upcoming trip to South America. The company shipped it within two days, and it arrived intact and promptly. I was looking for an unlocked phone with two SIM cards that would work globally. The price was great, too! Wonderful service and wonderful phone. I emailed a few questions to Surge, and they responded immediately, even though it was definitely after business hours.
I just received mine! I absolutely love this phone trust me you won't regret purchasing this phone. It's a beauty.
Excellent phone. Great for dual providers. Excellent version of Android, Super fast. No dropped calls on LTE. Fantastic.
Amazing phone, can't ask for better. Good value for the price.
Nice feel, good resolution
Why buy an S7??????
Such an upgrade for not that expensive of a phone! Great big screen. No problems so far. A lot of storage. Bought a memory card as well but with 16 GB don't NEED it. But I take a lot of pictures and have a lot of music. Camera is great. Does get very warm/hot when plugged in and playing high usage video games on it. Have to keep it plugged in though because game drains battery to quick. Owned a couple months now. Loving it.
We just received our 2015 Galaxy J7 "US Version" phone and are very pleased with it. HOWEVER, the model is listed as a dual simm model, capable of holding 2 simm cards at the same time so you can have up to 2 separate lines by use of 2 separate simm card holders. When we set up the phone, the left simm card holder was missing, replaced by a plastic insert to fill the hole. I ended up calling Samsung customer service to find out why the holder was missing and found out that only the "International Version" cones as a dual simm model. The "US Version'' is only manufactured as a single simm model, but if you only have 1 line, the missing simm holder makes no difference. It appears that the seller just used the same description on both versions by error. NOTE -3 things - First, I am only writing about the 2015 models. I don't know if all this is true on the 2016 models - they a completely different phones even though the name is the same. Second - be warned - 'International Versions" have dual simms but also appear to have either 90 day or zero warranties versus this "US Version" which has a 1 year Samsung warranty. Third - I have also notified Amazon about this problem but it didn't sound like they would correct the listing.
Bought this for wifey and it does what it should, has good speed, easy to navigate thru and use. Will need to add an app for ring tones, as the ones that come installed with it are minimal. We use StraitTalk on it with no problems.
My daughter loves her new phone
I love this phone
Good for the price, looks expensive. My friends thought it was s7 when he saw me with it the first time. It has a large screen too. The dual sim feature is always a plus for any phone. The 4G LITE feature is also present. The pictures are great, even if the environment is not very well lit.
Love my new phone, perfect size. great value!
I love my new phone and it works real good. My only complaint is why does it have to be so big. By the time you add protectice screen and case thu phone is like a small tablet and quite heavy.
great !
Awesome phone. Midrange phone? - Not to me. lol price wise, this is worth it
Ok so I thought I did all of my research before buying this phone to find something that was under $300 with NFC...the specs on the J700M has NFC on every website I checked, and even the manual on this page but my phone does not have it. I have dual SIM which I don't even need, but don't have the one feature I really wanted. I was so disappointed I wanted to return it. I just returned a Moto X because it was really buggy (screen turned into pink stripes) and ate ALL my SIM cards so I really didn't want to go through that again.Ok that being said, this phone is so awesome for everything else! It has a nice display, nice camera, really looks exactly like my husband's note 5! I am trying to get used to the keyboard. It's a little too sensitive and doesn't have that feature where you slide around to each letter to type words..I kinda miss that. Anyway, phone has no flaws, no pauses, not freezing or overheating. Screen looks amazing! Battery life is awesome I barely put this thing down since 8 am and it's almost 8pm and I have 30% battery left! The quality is just way more than I expected that I cannot return it. I am just gonna find a way to get NFC in this phone. Maybe rooting? If anyone knows how to do this please let me know! And I think I can find another keyboard. It's only been 2 days, so I'm still trying to figure stuff out but I can't understand why his phone is not sold in the US?!? My SIM works better in this phone than the phones that I actually bought in the US! All of my phone calls are clear on WiFi and cellular and always have service. Im using T-Mobile.
Its very good ^~^
Product as stated. Thank you for being a great Amazon seller. A +
My daughter loves this phone. Camera is awesome!
I love this phone. The price is perfect for the features that the phone has. I am very happy with my purchase. I am not really a tech savvy person, but this phone has gone beyond my expectations. 😆
The only complaint l have about this phone is that I cant change or assign different color texts alerts or phone notifications to a specific person.
Very good Cell although a bit large compared to the ones I've had to date. Chose this particular model for two reasons 16GB memory and 4GLTE.
Great phone! Better than expected. Upgraded from the Galaxy S4. :) Only downside my old phone I brought from Verizon and this one I had to go with a new sim card-ATT. Service is choppy, but not the phones fault. :)
excellent
I loved the phone but, it freezes sometimes you have to reset but besides that's I love the phone and features the dual SIM is a problem had to use my 1 slot for international and remove my original SIM to put my international SIM in place,minor.
All perfect!
Everything about this phone is great except I seem to have a unit with a defective antenna.The signal bars are 1-3 at home, mostly 1 or sometimes nil.I live in a remote location I must state.The signal bars however have always been 2-4 or randomly 5 on my previous Samsung devices.(SIII; Grand; Grand Neo; Grand II)I have used these in the same remote location over the past years.To be sure, I switched the SIMs back into each old unit and voila! higher bars with all of them.So there must be an issue with the antenna of my J7.Unless of course others are experiencing similar issues then it is the model itself.Hey I still get service so I left it alone rather than go through a return process.Perhaps just my luck with phones dating back to my first which I had to replace 3 times
The phone met my expectations . I love it.
Ok
Great
Fue best phone o ever had
I saved about $350.00 by choosing this phone over the Galaxy S7. I am happy with my choice. It did take me a little while to get my files transferred from an HTC M1 8. But I managed, even texts, mail, contacts, music etc. I bought the phone for it's long battery life. I use the phone for work and play. I play golf and use an app and the GPS for the golf app can drain the phone leaving little or now power for work. Boo hoo. So, the J7 performs as advertised on the power front. I bought an extra battery, so I don't have to charge in the middle of the golf course and all is well. But the battery is so good, that I still have 75 percent of it after a full round of golf. The rest of the stuff, camera, phone, bluetooth, etc. work like they all do. Weak speakers, I mean really weak ... like "high" on the J7 is like nearly mute on the HTC. Just saying. If I listen to music or watch a you tube clip, it works fine. But I think they probably save the $300 on the speaker alone. I am not complaining. I use vibrate for alerts, calls, etc. but if you use this phone you might think you are losing your hearing if you depend on the speaker. You're not. It's weak.
This is a wonderful phone. I purchased an AT&T Go Phone SIM for it and it works PERFECTLY - I had absolutely no difficulty in setting it up: just installed the SIM, went to AT&T's website for Go Phone SIM activation (I searched for the site in my browser), and purchased a service level. Voila! Instant access to all of my favorite mobile applications via Google Play. The phone opens and runs programs very quickly, even after installing 20+ programs. It displays on-demand movies as if I were watching them on a miniature HD TV. The gold case is super-slim, and the large screen displays very vibrant colors. My friends have already complemented me on it. It looks and functions like more expensive locked phones. I feel very lucky to have come across it on Amazon.
Brilliant cell phone! Fast, snappy, works well with plenty of useful apps.If you like to record your phone calls, some phones do not have the direct link to the received signal and need to use the phone microphone to record what the speaker says. Not this one, it records straight from the insides of the system very clearly. Of course you have to use the right App (I'm using Galaxy Call Recorder) but if you read that some phones have "issues" or need to turn the volume fully up to record calls, this one is not one of them. It records beautifully.On top of that dual sim, can take a 128GB micro SD card (some phones go up to 32 or 64), great screen, 13MP camera.Absolutely fantastic phone at a great price. I cannot tell what a more expensive model can offer that this one doesn't.
Excellent phone. This phone has two good features that higher end samsung phones have. They are quick launch of the camera by double tap of the home button and it has the theme store. The theme store is really cool. It changes the look of your home screen, apps, calendar and text msg and email app. I also have a note 4 and this phone is a little faster. I really love this phone and the performance really exceeds my expectations! I used it with AT&T and it works fine.
I purchased this phone for my daughter and she loved it. And I loved it too. I will recommend this phone.
I really love it, just like I ordered, great color, light, thin, and its camera Love the picture qualities, for selfies its awewome day and night, I tried the front flash in the dark of course during night and it is great. I couldnt expect any better. It came 4 days before the expected date. I bought from the seller BREED very responsible.
Everything OK.
Very good phone its the best phone they ever made.
simply Love it
I am truly enjoying my J7. I am from Jamaica and it works great. I had a mini S4 before so the size of it shocked me, but I am getting use to it. The only issue I have was the lack of a default media player. I downloaded one from my ap store but it doesn't show all the songs on my SD card, but I know that they are there since I checked it on my computer. Other than that, it is a really good purchase compared to what is currently on the market
I like the slim profile of the Galaxy J7 J700M; the screen is sharp and bright. When I installed my two sim cards it immediately recognized each one. I was able to pair with my blue tooth in my car very quickly. It also takes great pictures. The speech to text messaging works well. My only concerns are : 1- that the strength of the wireless connection at times seems very weak (my other phones always showed a strong signal); 2- The width of the phone is at time awkward in the hand.The phone was delivered on time and in new condition; the battery charged up in a reasonable time.I am so far happy with this phone (after one week). I am using this phone on AT&T No contract Go Phone service.
I researched for a few weeks about phones. I am glad I went with this one. It isn't too but, or small. It does everything I need it to. Takes wonder detailed pictures! I keep phhones a few years. I have had it a little over 2 weeks. I love it. Sound quality of speakers is very good. I am very happy with this phone!
Works in USA, no problems getting 4G LTE Data
The camera is not very good as I expected.
It's good
Great
Great phone for price! Takes good pics. Easy to understand if you are familiar with Android.Love the larger size of the phone.
Excellent
Product is better than expected. Received as promised and works perfectly for what I needed.
Very good phone as a good as a galaxy s7 the phone is fast and has 1.5 gb of ram.
Good quality and very fast. Love it !
Loving it great product for its price easy to use... excellent was ipone user ... this phone is great!
Exactly what I expected
I really love it. It is an excelente phone and much cheaper than the S series. The flash in the front camera is unique. Worth the price. A bit heavy, though. And the gold version is cute. Highly recommendable. Even for men. Fits in the pocket as well although it's not that small
Very good relation cost/quality . Works great with 4G Movistar in Argentina . It goes very fast and I found it very practical.
Excelent
Seems to have everything as the gallaxy s7. Very satisfied
Very good
EXCELENTE
A bit slow but works well for the price.
I have not fully tested the functionalities of this Samsung J7 phone, but I am satisfied with what I am seeing so far. I only have two issues to date:1. I cannot find the schedule auto off/on function2. There is no available English user manual for the phone either built within the phone or on any website.
Good product
Good phone at great price . Just what I need.
This was a gift for someone.Rating it by the way it looked and felt.
:D
By far this phone is pretty good for the price and is comparable with Galaxy s6 and 7.. Great camera speed and memory...
Bought for a friend don't get any complaints.
Great phone for a great price
The Samsung J7 is just what I had hoped for. I was looking for a phone with a good camera and sufficient storage. I have downloaded several apps and still have plenty of room for more. So far I am very happy with this phone.
I love it, a good working phone with all the nice feature, absolutely would recommence this product to family and friend.Good seller, delivered on time as support to be.
Excellent buy
just used for a day. It works with T mobile (LTE)!Wifi: It does not detect my home network 5GHz network. (It works -- mac/lenovo tab -- they connect to 5GHz). I don't know if its generic samsung issue or something else.
So far so good this phone is like the galaxy edge big lite weight so many amazing features😊
Is beautiful
Got damn good!!!!
Before purchasing this SUPERB J7 phone, I had the Galaxy Grand Prime, which I purchased about ayear ago (I was very happy with the Grand Prime just wanted a newer phone). Since am a techie type, I upgrade my phone once every year. Before this purchase, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites and the specs were just what I was searching for and below I will explain why I believe that this mid range phone is an excellent choice! The color I chose is BLACK and it looks stunning, the black color frames the phone very well. The white back cover I ordered from Amazon...see pictures of this phone and cover below. The cover has texture in back to keep this phone in my hand.I recently purchased a HP wireless printer, installed HP app and PrinterShare app from Playstore and when on WiFi, I print directly from this amazing tablet.PROS:+ Micro Sim Card – My model of phone will accept TWO Micro Sim Cards and a 128SD card. I loaded TWO Sim Cards (one for personal and an extra Sim just to see if both worked).SIM ONE is the one I use 90 percent of the time, SIM TWO I just had left from an old phone, so why not try this feature out! (Sim ONE is the PRIMARY SIM, the one used most, Sim Two I use for an extra Sim.**One large reason I purchased this phone (there were MANY GOOD REASONS), was the MICRO Sim card. I was not ready to deal with a NANO card at this time. I just popped in my existing Micro Sim and the phone was ready to use!+ SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5.5 inch screen. It fits easily into my purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone.**This phone is THIN and LIGHT and it is easy for me to hold in my hand (I am a small person). They have setting for ONE HANDED use for phone and a couple of other things as well.+ Memory and Storage Space – This tablet comes with 16GB Internal storage memory. However, once the OS and Apps from factory were install, this left 11.6GB of storage space left for my own apps.I loaded this out with WPS Office, Maxthon Browser, Rocket Music Player, and a few helpful weather radar apps etc and I still have over 10GB left right now.**There is 1.5GB RAM Memory, which I find adequate and enough to run my new J7 smoothly and peppy.+ SD Card Capacity – There is a slot for adding an SD Micro card UP to 128GB. I had on hand a 64GB card with my photos, videos, files on it and the phone read this card just fine. I believe that when I decide to load new card at 128GB, there will be no problem. For now, I still have 40 GB left on my SD card for later use.+ Lollipop 5.1.1. This is a superb version of Lollipop. The phone runs very fast with no hiccups even when I had several running apps going. I found that Samsung does have the Touch Wiz interface, yet on this phone I found little bloatware - not nearly like on previous Samsung models.+ Camera - This has a 13MP camera and I am amazed at the clarity of the pictures that I have taken with phone. For example, I took a close up of a multi colored eyeglass case for tiny flowers on it and each flower was very sharp and also vivid in color. Then I took outdoor shots of a few things around my home, indoor shots of special foods that I prepared and the results were truly amazing---the colors were sharp, bright a vivid. This camera is a HUGE improvement from my old Samsung Grand Prime phone that had 8MP.+ Screen Resolution/Special Screen Information - For me personally, I find the resolution (at 267 PPI - Pixels Per Inch) excellent as the colors in the screen are very bright and vivid and very clear! In fact, webpages and my Kindle Reading app are just stunning on this phone! *All of my pictures and videos are crystal clear with this phone.***OUTSIDE VIEWING the screen. So that I can easily view this screen in bright sun outdoors, I open the notification area, there is an outside view that I check so that it is VERY easy to see this screen on daylight. In the daytime, I use this often when I take pictures outdoors, I see the screen clearly even in direct sunlight!+ WiFi/4G (LTE) (Internet): Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent (even in the very back of my home and outside), most of the time I have 4 bars (outside is 2.5 bars). When not near a router or WiFi hotspot, my area just received LTE and this phone is LIGHTENING FAST in date when I use LTE Data on it!+ OTG – This phone supports On the Go with the micro USB port so I can add a 64GB flash drive with my office files, pictures etc and the phone easily reads these files.+ Temperature of the battery and coolness of this phone - This phone and battery runs very cool and normal temp and most of the time it is running at 78 F degrees to 87 F degrees. When I download lots of apps or play games, it may get up to 90 degrees for a couple of minutes but goes right down to normal temps. I have run many programs on this phone and it DOES NOT OVERHEAT. I have read that some newer smart phones will sometimes get up as high as 112 degrees, this one for me has not done this.It is important to keep a phone running cooler as it will prolong the life of the phone and it is easier on the battery as well.+ Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well. ***I have a partial hearing loss so I pressed the EXTRA VOLUME in the telephone part and it worked well.+ BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning). I have better battery life than I had on my old Samsung Grand Prime. Also to save battery, I turn off WiFi or Data and tap the ON OFF button (put to sleep). This way, I use my phone from 8am until 10pm on a charge and STILL have about 20 percent…to do this, I make sure that I turn WiFi or Data off when not using it.+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 128GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone! (I placed a 64GB SD Card in this phone and I still have room left).And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.+ Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called WPS Office (free) which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.+ Kindle Books App – This I downloaded and I adjusted the FONT SIZES to larger and MARGINS to narrow so I can really read the books comfortably. Reading on this 5.5 inch phone is a joy and I like to read on the go.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Also, there is a newer Archived Flash out. So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the phone, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes in a heartbeat as for me the best phone that I have ever owned! And for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, as it is a very easy to use phone and very high in quality.I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
This phone is awesome. I love it because it have great features which are easy to use.
I love this phone. Easy to navigate. Great service, easy to use and just the right size. The "Note" is too big for me, but this is a great size.I would buy again, but hope I don't need a new phone for years to come. I am not one who needs a new phone every year .
I love this phone, I hope I am able to keep it. I don't know about the recall!
Love this phone. Does everything i want it to and the replacable battery and upgradable memory options make me VERY happy i broke up with apple. Buy this phone. You wont regret it.
I love it..
Got one for my mom. Mom doesn't need a compass. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality (in a good way). Mom loves the phone!
Excelent!
Yes meet expectations.
Easy to use, easy on the eyes. Perfect for my use
I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now. Still getting use to the size (upgraded from Galaxy S3 Mini), huge difference. I love the battery life of this phone. Had no problem with transferring all information from old phone to this one.Only have a couple of problems so far:1. Not compatible with some Apps I had installed on old phone2. No GPS3. Can't register with Samsung4. Showing up as "unknown phone" with my carrier
Had this now for a month.Works well - everything as expected.Hard to find a good case for it.This is a regional phone so concerned I may not be able to use it overseas.no mirror screen to TV
Excellent product
10000 points!
Samsung J7 so far loving it. phone look and feel is great, battery life is great, performance is great. I am watching closely during the 30 day warranty and hope everything continues to be great. Package had no extras, no phone case or screen protector.So far this is a great lower end Samsung option for the price but I am so far very happy.Lots of videos available on utube if you need help doing anything with the phone e.g. which slot to place SIM card or SD card of if you have 2 SIM how to set it up with the SD card.Thumbs up Samsung!
Everything as expected, thanks.
A very nice smartphone. Could not link to my current Verizon account, but it does work well with my Wi-Fi. Fast, and light weight.
The phone comes with a charger, battery, and headphones. It has a solid build that feels like a flagship phone. It is Android so it comes with all those great features. My grandma uses the phone in easy mode which has the apps in a bigger size and easier to navigate interface. It is perfect for her.
great cellphone. big and faster, and everithing u spect in a samsung. nothing new.
The production is working fine
Excellent
perfect...
I looked at this phone on AMZN for months. The price kept going up and the reviews kept getting better. So, finally I bought it.This is a great phone at a great price and with great screen size. Replaced old Samsung Galaxy 3 with this. Much better battery life. Samsung is so much more intuitive than iPhone, but, this style is quite similar to the iPhone 6S. Just took the SIM card out of my old phone and put it in this one and I was off and running. Using the old phone without a SIM card to access the internet and listen to my Audible books at home and with Bluetooth in the car.
Awesome came fast. I'm very happy with it
excellente product
Absolutely luv this phone!!!Bought 3 of them so far. Google Maps & GolfShot work great on this device.Doesn’t have all the extra crap that comes with a regular S5 or S6.Battery is incredible. 3 days before needing a recharge with moderate activity including golfshot and maps.My AT&T SIM from the S5 fit in the J7 without issue.Could only find J7 Military grade case from zizo, which isn’t bad, but not an otterbox or ballistic case.
Excelent
Love the size, great for old eyes.
It has been just great!
I love this phone. It has all that I am interested in having on a cel phone. Pictures are great, even selfies. It does have a flash on the front that works less as a flash and more as a flashlight but does the trick anyway. It also has a decent amount of memory so that I can load it up with the most common apps. The screen is large and the colour is different and very pretty.Up to now, it has worked for me very well.
Very good
My daughter loves it. i bought it for her birthday
Bought it as a gift and he loves it! The phone appeared to be new. Can't even see a scratch that seller disclosed. Very happy with this purchase.
love the phone but it wasn't to sim card phone
Its my first choice and I can use it in India I like to give 4 star
I like this phone. Since it is bigger I can see the letters and numbers easier. I know none of the phones come with a paper manual but is on the phone itself, but it wasn't very useful. I knew the basics which were in the manual, I needed the finer detail info. I had to ask friends and associates for help. I do like the phone and have had no problems .
great phone at a great price. I had an older model smart phone which I did not use very much. The screen size on this phone is perfect for me. I find myself using my phone more often since I can actually see the information clearly.
I love this fun, its so easy to used, great picture colors, what else can I said, this phone is Awesome, and the sim card wow, took a trip to Costa Rica bought a sim card, work like a charm....
The two short expectation will always be an Android/Samsung problem with there OS upgrade takes forever and of course poor visibility out doors... otherwise the phone met my expectation for the screen size, cameras, memory on board, dual sim capability and ESPECIALLY the micro SD Memory expandable.. $$$ worth it
It is beyond my expectations, the gold color is made the phone fancy and feminen, the size of the phone is just perfect and makes a comfortable in typing massages .It is wonderful phone in a very affordable price.
This is slightly different than the S7, negatives are no built in compass so it can't sense which way your headed unless the GPS is on and you're moving, no light meter so it has to use the camera, so automatic screen brightening and dimming is non-existent. On the plus side, I believe the screen is slightly bigger than the S7, it has a built in FM radio and the headphone jack is on the bottom. Think about it, you look at your phone, then put it in your pocket upside down, so a bottom jack makes all kinds of sense.I haven't done many pics yet with the camera, but it is inferior to the camera in the Note 4 which was so awesome it made me forget I wanted a "real" camera.If you drive for Uber and Lyft, this has no issues running both apps and GPS at the same time. Just make sure you have a phone charger that can stay on top of the power draw. Using a USB cable and the USB jack in my Sonata, the battery slowly lost level.I mounted mine using a magnetic mount AC clip so it's being cooled all day as I drive and there are no overheating issues from running GPS, both apps and Pandora. Because there is no light meter, I must occasionally refresh the screen brightness on my own as i have yet to find an app that automatically polls the camera every minute or two to refresh screen brightness. At just over $200 (USD), this was well worth the money!
It is a big to large for somebody used to iphone 4, but for this price J7 is a great phone. The battery lasts for two days, the camera is really good, and it is very fast.
It is as I expected. Cool
I am blown away by the efficiency of this phone, actually it's a gift to my hubby and he loves it so much.
I love the phone. It's economical and function are just the same as the expensive ones. My sister wants one, my hubby wants one and I'm getting another for my mother. It's a great phone.
i like the J7 but it don't have a flash light blink when u miss a call or message on the scream
Love the look and feel of the device. Well worth the price. No problems with my network provider,(DIGICEL) connection was a breeze. Had other Samsung devices so navigating the features of the phone was not an issue.Only negative image taken by front camera is distorted however picture quality is sharp.Apps are easily downloaded, phone is quite responsive when navigating thru apps.Product was delivered on time by the seller. KUDOS.
I was so scared to purchase this at first!I just got it today and it is a pot of gold!What stands out to me the most is the awesome pic quality!!!I am in the Caribbean, Kingston, Jamaica and it works perfectly!!I thought it was smaller though.. But perfect! Oh wait.. I never knew it was so huge tho, LOL:)The only con about this is the fact that IT HAD NO LED INDICATOR!!!!!!!!Sigh.. How can there not be any LED INDICATOR! Overall, it is still perfect and I love it!There is a front flash too:)It came with ear phones, charger, usb cable, battery and a whole lotta goodness!
Great phone for the price. Can challenge the s7
This is my first smart phone so I am still learning all of the functions. Very glad the user manual is on the phone, although I still go into a local store with Samsung reps to help me with many of my questions. The GPS has been better than I hoped. I am a Tracfone user, so some things work a little differently as far as using data and wifi. There are very few accessories for this phone in stores, it seems they all have to be ordered online. If you intend to get a case for it, order it along with the phone. The phone is larger in my hand than is comfortable, but the case keeps it from being too slippery.
good buy
Exclent
As advertised. I have used Galaxy S5 and S5 active in past. I wanted bigger screen and only few features that I need. I don't need SHealth and few other advanced features. This model worked for me. Battery lasted a long. It has been a week or so. Let's see.
I purchased the gold J7 for my daughter. I took the sim out of her previous unlocked moto g and put it in the J7. It was that easy. Phone has worked perfectly ever since. Not one problem or issue. Thank you, My daughter loves it.
i love it
excellent product
Nice phone, takes clean and clear pics but i thought it was dual sim . A little disappointed because of that.
Though for some reason the battery did not cdome with it and had to buy one
It does its job, my baby is having fun with it
I bought it to use it in Argentina and it works perfectly well and is able to operate with 4G. A great phone for a great price!
I ordered two cell phones and was please with the product and service
Great phone.Love the golden color.
i've had this for 5 days now and so far its great the camera is good 13mp and the front camera is 5 mp but what makes it great is the front flash,i like the size of it, internal memory 16 gb you only get about 8 or 9 gb. over all it functions as well as any s5 or s6 basic Samsung functions but the price great.i use mine on metropcs had to call them to let them add it to their network which is free and i do get Lte speeds with it which is excellent.
Nice phone. My wife likes the camera specially the front with flash.
good
It's a galaxy ! Why pay more for a few gimmicks ?
Love it!!
Love the phone, love the large screen. It's actually more than I need but I wanted a better phone than my S3 and didn't want to spend a lot of money, but wanted a good phone.Tracfone sent me a simm card and I was in business.
Bought for my daughter and she loves it. Loves the size and features. Very satisfied with the purchase.
Perfecto!!!!
The only thing wrong is the lights on the bottom otherwise for the price it's a must have for someone looking for a good phone and a good looking phone that takes good pictures and the battery still comes out unlike these expensive useless phones that there making now.
This Tel is really a good one!I love it so much
works great so far
Excellent pokemon go phone if you don't care about the lack of gyroscope. It has a long battery life, good brightness, high processing power, good camera, and a nice big screen for videos/video games. Very easy to use. Works with my T-mobile simcard.
Great product, great service from seller, everything was as promise.
Excellent product!!!
I love it, the only disadvantage is that it does not have the notifications LED indicator. So you would not know if you got a message etc.However, it arrived in excellent condition, it works great. I love it!
I love my phone!!! Awesome.
love it/
Great product so far
I've been using this phone for a few weeks now and I'm quite happy with it so far. I needed a very fast replacement after I shattered my old phone. I was not about to pay upwards of $600 for one of the Galaxy S models, and I feel that this is a great lower-cost model actually. It's very functional. The camera is quite nice, it's got GREAT battery life (I can go 2 days without charging if I'm not constantly texting or answering emails), the speed is good (though maybe I'm just not used to a phone that actually works as opposed to a phone that was reaching the end of its planned obsolescence) and overall I'm happy with it. The issues I have are minor functionality things that I'm not happy with, all small annoyances, but my previous phone was also a Samsung model so that's my frame of reference. For example, if there are many notifications from different apps, they will not all show up on the lock screen, and I will think I do not have any or that I only have a notification from one app (my old phone used to list the number of notifications if there were many accruing) so I really don't like that as it has caused me to miss messages when checking my phone in a hurry. The alarm can only be snoozed in 5 min intervals a max of 3 times (I find this silly and irritating) whereas my previous phone had custom snooze options. Finally I have found that about 40% of the time, notifications don't show up at all, which is a strange bug with this phone. Oh, and a side note to all the other women reading this: it BARELY fits in standard back pockets (definitely not going to fit in a front pocket), particularly after I put a case on it, so that may be a consideration for you. However, all in all I am happy with it.
Great phone but you must choose a carrier and then go through a lengthy coding process to have it connect to internet since it is unlocked. I finally found the right person at Att and he gave me the codes. The store did not. Also it is hard to find a case for it.
Awesome Phone, it is 4G LTE and the FM radio works and its not too polluted with pesky nuisance APPs, best part is if you want to divorce your GSM carrier simply go with another as this phone gives you that freedom, Samsung always has great phones and I am more than pleased with this one and I highly recommend it.
I needed a new operating system to open certain mobile apps. And this is great for that purpose
Excellent phone
Wonderful phones at less than half the price of the Galaxy S7. Fast processor. More than enough storage at 16GB vs. 32GB on the S7. And the RAM is 2GB vs. 4GB on the S7. Both have expandable micro SD capabilities. The resolution and pixel count is higher on the S7, but how important is that on a 5.5 inch screen (J7) vs. only 5.1 (S7). The images and video on the J7 are beautiful, and when I cast them to our home TV's they are as good as or better than what Prism TV offers. The cameras are nearly identical. Other than a few high-end teasers like Corning Gorilla Glass, Image Stabilization, water "resistance", and optional wireless charging, all only available on the S7; I, as a responsible adult cell phone user, who does not use the device for business purposes, can find NO REASON whatsoever to foolishly spend the $$ on the S7. I bought my wife and I each a new phone for less than one Galaxy S7. And I am the average user of music, movie, sports, and shopping apps. Trust me this phone is fine.
This j7 is as good as any S series phone.It has the best interface i have see in any phone.I have own S 3 andS4 and i rate this phone much better.
I am really enjoying this new phone with all the added storage compared to my last phone. I have had it for one week so so far so good!
Very good product and service
Its nice. Its fullfill my expectation.
Very happy with the phone price and performance
Very good
Unlocked, ready to use, delivered on time. Works in Nicaragua with LTE. Happy with the smartphone.
i've had this for 5 days now and so far its great the camera is good 13mp and the front camera is 5 mp but what makes it great is the front flash,i like the size of it, internal memory 16 gb you only get about 8 or 9 gb. over all it functions as well as any s5 or s6 basic Samsung functions but the price great.i use mine on metropcs had to call them to let them add it to their network which is free and i do get Lte speeds with it which is excellent.
Nice phone. My wife likes the camera specially the front with flash.
good
It's a galaxy ! Why pay more for a few gimmicks ?
Love it!!
Bought for my daughter and she loves it. Loves the size and features. Very satisfied with the purchase.
Perfecto!!!!
Very good
Bought it as a gift and he loves it! The phone appeared to be new. Can't even see a scratch that seller disclosed. Very happy with this purchase.
love the phone but it wasn't to sim card phone
Its my first choice and I can use it in India I like to give 4 star
This j7 is as good as any S series phone.It has the best interface i have see in any phone.I have own S 3 andS4 and i rate this phone much better.
Very happy with the phone price and performance
Very good
Unlocked, ready to use, delivered on time. Works in Nicaragua with LTE. Happy with the smartphone.
I love this phone. It has all that I am interested in having on a cel phone. Pictures are great, even selfies. It does have a flash on the front that works less as a flash and more as a flashlight but does the trick anyway. It also has a decent amount of memory so that I can load it up with the most common apps. The screen is large and the colour is different and very pretty.Up to now, it has worked for me very well.
Exclent
As advertised. I have used Galaxy S5 and S5 active in past. I wanted bigger screen and only few features that I need. I don't need SHealth and few other advanced features. This model worked for me. Battery lasted a long. It has been a week or so. Let's see.
I purchased the gold J7 for my daughter. I took the sim out of her previous unlocked moto g and put it in the J7. It was that easy. Phone has worked perfectly ever since. Not one problem or issue. Thank you, My daughter loves it.
i love it
excellent product
Nice phone, takes clean and clear pics but i thought it was dual sim . A little disappointed because of that.
Though for some reason the battery did not cdome with it and had to buy one
It does its job, my baby is having fun with it
I like this phone. Since it is bigger I can see the letters and numbers easier. I know none of the phones come with a paper manual but is on the phone itself, but it wasn't very useful. I knew the basics which were in the manual, I needed the finer detail info. I had to ask friends and associates for help. I do like the phone and have had no problems .
great phone at a great price. I had an older model smart phone which I did not use very much. The screen size on this phone is perfect for me. I find myself using my phone more often since I can actually see the information clearly.
I love this fun, its so easy to used, great picture colors, what else can I said, this phone is Awesome, and the sim card wow, took a trip to Costa Rica bought a sim card, work like a charm....
The two short expectation will always be an Android/Samsung problem with there OS upgrade takes forever and of course poor visibility out doors... otherwise the phone met my expectation for the screen size, cameras, memory on board, dual sim capability and ESPECIALLY the micro SD Memory expandable.. $$$ worth it
It is beyond my expectations, the gold color is made the phone fancy and feminen, the size of the phone is just perfect and makes a comfortable in typing massages .It is wonderful phone in a very affordable price.
This is slightly different than the S7, negatives are no built in compass so it can't sense which way your headed unless the GPS is on and you're moving, no light meter so it has to use the camera, so automatic screen brightening and dimming is non-existent. On the plus side, I believe the screen is slightly bigger than the S7, it has a built in FM radio and the headphone jack is on the bottom. Think about it, you look at your phone, then put it in your pocket upside down, so a bottom jack makes all kinds of sense.I haven't done many pics yet with the camera, but it is inferior to the camera in the Note 4 which was so awesome it made me forget I wanted a "real" camera.If you drive for Uber and Lyft, this has no issues running both apps and GPS at the same time. Just make sure you have a phone charger that can stay on top of the power draw. Using a USB cable and the USB jack in my Sonata, the battery slowly lost level.I mounted mine using a magnetic mount AC clip so it's being cooled all day as I drive and there are no overheating issues from running GPS, both apps and Pandora. Because there is no light meter, I must occasionally refresh the screen brightness on my own as i have yet to find an app that automatically polls the camera every minute or two to refresh screen brightness. At just over $200 (USD), this was well worth the money!
It is a big to large for somebody used to iphone 4, but for this price J7 is a great phone. The battery lasts for two days, the camera is really good, and it is very fast.
I bought it to use it in Argentina and it works perfectly well and is able to operate with 4G. A great phone for a great price!
I ordered two cell phones and was please with the product and service
Great phone.Love the golden color.
i've had this for 5 days now and so far its great the camera is good 13mp and the front camera is 5 mp but what makes it great is the front flash,i like the size of it, internal memory 16 gb you only get about 8 or 9 gb. over all it functions as well as any s5 or s6 basic Samsung functions but the price great.i use mine on metropcs had to call them to let them add it to their network which is free and i do get Lte speeds with it which is excellent.
Nice phone. My wife likes the camera specially the front with flash.
good
It's a galaxy ! Why pay more for a few gimmicks ?
Love it!!
Love the phone, love the large screen. It's actually more than I need but I wanted a better phone than my S3 and didn't want to spend a lot of money, but wanted a good phone.Tracfone sent me a simm card and I was in business.
Bought for my daughter and she loves it. Loves the size and features. Very satisfied with the purchase.
It is as I expected. Cool
I am blown away by the efficiency of this phone, actually it's a gift to my hubby and he loves it so much.
I love the phone. It's economical and function are just the same as the expensive ones. My sister wants one, my hubby wants one and I'm getting another for my mother. It's a great phone.
i like the J7 but it don't have a flash light blink when u miss a call or message on the scream
Love the look and feel of the device. Well worth the price. No problems with my network provider,(DIGICEL) connection was a breeze. Had other Samsung devices so navigating the features of the phone was not an issue.Only negative image taken by front camera is distorted however picture quality is sharp.Apps are easily downloaded, phone is quite responsive when navigating thru apps.Product was delivered on time by the seller. KUDOS.
I was so scared to purchase this at first!I just got it today and it is a pot of gold!What stands out to me the most is the awesome pic quality!!!I am in the Caribbean, Kingston, Jamaica and it works perfectly!!I thought it was smaller though.. But perfect! Oh wait.. I never knew it was so huge tho, LOL:)The only con about this is the fact that IT HAD NO LED INDICATOR!!!!!!!!Sigh.. How can there not be any LED INDICATOR! Overall, it is still perfect and I love it!There is a front flash too:)It came with ear phones, charger, usb cable, battery and a whole lotta goodness!
Great phone for the price. Can challenge the s7
This is my first smart phone so I am still learning all of the functions. Very glad the user manual is on the phone, although I still go into a local store with Samsung reps to help me with many of my questions. The GPS has been better than I hoped. I am a Tracfone user, so some things work a little differently as far as using data and wifi. There are very few accessories for this phone in stores, it seems they all have to be ordered online. If you intend to get a case for it, order it along with the phone. The phone is larger in my hand than is comfortable, but the case keeps it from being too slippery.
good buy
I looked at this phone on AMZN for months. The price kept going up and the reviews kept getting better. So, finally I bought it.This is a great phone at a great price and with great screen size. Replaced old Samsung Galaxy 3 with this. Much better battery life. Samsung is so much more intuitive than iPhone, but, this style is quite similar to the iPhone 6S. Just took the SIM card out of my old phone and put it in this one and I was off and running. Using the old phone without a SIM card to access the internet and listen to my Audible books at home and with Bluetooth in the car.
Awesome came fast. I'm very happy with it
excellente product
Absolutely luv this phone!!!Bought 3 of them so far. Google Maps & GolfShot work great on this device.Doesn’t have all the extra crap that comes with a regular S5 or S6.Battery is incredible. 3 days before needing a recharge with moderate activity including golfshot and maps.My AT&T SIM from the S5 fit in the J7 without issue.Could only find J7 Military grade case from zizo, which isn’t bad, but not an otterbox or ballistic case.
Excelent
Love the size, great for old eyes.
It has been just great!
I love my phone!!! Awesome.
love it/
Great product so far
I've been using this phone for a few weeks now and I'm quite happy with it so far. I needed a very fast replacement after I shattered my old phone. I was not about to pay upwards of $600 for one of the Galaxy S models, and I feel that this is a great lower-cost model actually. It's very functional. The camera is quite nice, it's got GREAT battery life (I can go 2 days without charging if I'm not constantly texting or answering emails), the speed is good (though maybe I'm just not used to a phone that actually works as opposed to a phone that was reaching the end of its planned obsolescence) and overall I'm happy with it. The issues I have are minor functionality things that I'm not happy with, all small annoyances, but my previous phone was also a Samsung model so that's my frame of reference. For example, if there are many notifications from different apps, they will not all show up on the lock screen, and I will think I do not have any or that I only have a notification from one app (my old phone used to list the number of notifications if there were many accruing) so I really don't like that as it has caused me to miss messages when checking my phone in a hurry. The alarm can only be snoozed in 5 min intervals a max of 3 times (I find this silly and irritating) whereas my previous phone had custom snooze options. Finally I have found that about 40% of the time, notifications don't show up at all, which is a strange bug with this phone. Oh, and a side note to all the other women reading this: it BARELY fits in standard back pockets (definitely not going to fit in a front pocket), particularly after I put a case on it, so that may be a consideration for you. However, all in all I am happy with it.
Great phone but you must choose a carrier and then go through a lengthy coding process to have it connect to internet since it is unlocked. I finally found the right person at Att and he gave me the codes. The store did not. Also it is hard to find a case for it.
Awesome Phone, it is 4G LTE and the FM radio works and its not too polluted with pesky nuisance APPs, best part is if you want to divorce your GSM carrier simply go with another as this phone gives you that freedom, Samsung always has great phones and I am more than pleased with this one and I highly recommend it.
I needed a new operating system to open certain mobile apps. And this is great for that purpose
I love this phone. It has all that I am interested in having on a cel phone. Pictures are great, even selfies. It does have a flash on the front that works less as a flash and more as a flashlight but does the trick anyway. It also has a decent amount of memory so that I can load it up with the most common apps. The screen is large and the colour is different and very pretty.Up to now, it has worked for me very well.
Very good
My daughter loves it. i bought it for her birthday
Bought it as a gift and he loves it! The phone appeared to be new. Can't even see a scratch that seller disclosed. Very happy with this purchase.
love the phone but it wasn't to sim card phone
Its my first choice and I can use it in India I like to give 4 star
Perfecto!!!!
The only thing wrong is the lights on the bottom otherwise for the price it's a must have for someone looking for a good phone and a good looking phone that takes good pictures and the battery still comes out unlike these expensive useless phones that there making now.
This Tel is really a good one!I love it so much
works great so far
Excellent pokemon go phone if you don't care about the lack of gyroscope. It has a long battery life, good brightness, high processing power, good camera, and a nice big screen for videos/video games. Very easy to use. Works with my T-mobile simcard.
Great product, great service from seller, everything was as promise.
Excellent product!!!
I love it, the only disadvantage is that it does not have the notifications LED indicator. So you would not know if you got a message etc.However, it arrived in excellent condition, it works great. I love it!
Excellent phone
Wonderful phones at less than half the price of the Galaxy S7. Fast processor. More than enough storage at 16GB vs. 32GB on the S7. And the RAM is 2GB vs. 4GB on the S7. Both have expandable micro SD capabilities. The resolution and pixel count is higher on the S7, but how important is that on a 5.5 inch screen (J7) vs. only 5.1 (S7). The images and video on the J7 are beautiful, and when I cast them to our home TV's they are as good as or better than what Prism TV offers. The cameras are nearly identical. Other than a few high-end teasers like Corning Gorilla Glass, Image Stabilization, water "resistance", and optional wireless charging, all only available on the S7; I, as a responsible adult cell phone user, who does not use the device for business purposes, can find NO REASON whatsoever to foolishly spend the $$ on the S7. I bought my wife and I each a new phone for less than one Galaxy S7. And I am the average user of music, movie, sports, and shopping apps. Trust me this phone is fine.
This j7 is as good as any S series phone.It has the best interface i have see in any phone.I have own S 3 andS4 and i rate this phone much better.
I am really enjoying this new phone with all the added storage compared to my last phone. I have had it for one week so so far so good!
Very good product and service
Its nice. Its fullfill my expectation.
Very happy with the phone price and performance
Very good
Unlocked, ready to use, delivered on time. Works in Nicaragua with LTE. Happy with the smartphone.
Very good
Bought it as a gift and he loves it! The phone appeared to be new. Can't even see a scratch that seller disclosed. Very happy with this purchase.
love the phone but it wasn't to sim card phone
Its my first choice and I can use it in India I like to give 4 star
i've had this for 5 days now and so far its great the camera is good 13mp and the front camera is 5 mp but what makes it great is the front flash,i like the size of it, internal memory 16 gb you only get about 8 or 9 gb. over all it functions as well as any s5 or s6 basic Samsung functions but the price great.i use mine on metropcs had to call them to let them add it to their network which is free and i do get Lte speeds with it which is excellent.
Nice phone. My wife likes the camera specially the front with flash.
good
It's a galaxy ! Why pay more for a few gimmicks ?
Love it!!
Bought for my daughter and she loves it. Loves the size and features. Very satisfied with the purchase.
Perfecto!!!!
As advertised. I have used Galaxy S5 and S5 active in past. I wanted bigger screen and only few features that I need. I don't need SHealth and few other advanced features. This model worked for me. Battery lasted a long. It has been a week or so. Let's see.
I purchased the gold J7 for my daughter. I took the sim out of her previous unlocked moto g and put it in the J7. It was that easy. Phone has worked perfectly ever since. Not one problem or issue. Thank you, My daughter loves it.
i love it
excellent product
Nice phone, takes clean and clear pics but i thought it was dual sim . A little disappointed because of that.
Though for some reason the battery did not cdome with it and had to buy one
It does its job, my baby is having fun with it
Awesome came fast. I'm very happy with it
Everything as expected, thanks.
A very nice smartphone. Could not link to my current Verizon account, but it does work well with my Wi-Fi. Fast, and light weight.
The phone comes with a charger, battery, and headphones. It has a solid build that feels like a flagship phone. It is Android so it comes with all those great features. My grandma uses the phone in easy mode which has the apps in a bigger size and easier to navigate interface. It is perfect for her.
I provided this same review for my phone, which is the same phone in black. This is my wife's phone. Wonderful phones at less than half the price of the Galaxy S7. Fast processor. More than enough storage at 16GB vs. 32GB on the S7. And the RAM is 2GB vs. 4GB on the S7. Both have expandable micro SD capabilities. The resolution and pixel count is higher on the S7, but how important is that on a 5.5 inch screen (J7) vs. only 5.1 (S7). The images and video on the J7 are beautiful, and when I cast them to our home TV's they are as good as or better than what Prism TV offers. The cameras are nearly identical. Other than a few high-end teasers like Corning Gorilla Glass, Image Stabilization, water "resistance", and optional wireless charging, all only available on the S7; I, as a responsible adult cell phone user, who does not use the device for business purposes, can find NO REASON whatsoever to foolishly spend the $$ on the S7. I bought my wife and I each a new phone for less than one Galaxy S7. And I am the average user of music, movie, sports, and shopping apps. Trust me this phone is fine.
Still exploring the features but so far I am happy with it
The battery lasts forever, the colour is very nice, and it was much later than expected. The two bad characterstics about this phone are the call and ringer volume, and the camera is not great quality (especially in low light--it gets VERY grainy). If call sound quality (and volume) and a good camera are important to you then this is not the phone for you. But if you want a battery that seems to last forever (like days) then I'd say it's a winner.
In Ecuador works OKNo problem with the shipping or the product
This phone is perfect for me. I like that it is bigger than a typical phone so i can use both hands. There is a one hand option, but i prefer using both hands so a smaller phone drives me crazy. Ive had multiple samsung galaxys as well as iphones. This phone has everything i need personally. The speaker volume is the same as the others. For a low budget phone this is great. The only thing is that the camera isnt amazing, but that is unimportant to me. I can still take photos/ selfies.
👍
I love it, a good working phone with all the nice feature, absolutely would recommence this product to family and friend.Good seller, delivered on time as support to be.
Excellent buy
The camera is not very good as I expected.
It's good
Great
Great phone for price! Takes good pics. Easy to understand if you are familiar with Android.Love the larger size of the phone.
Excellent
Product is better than expected. Received as promised and works perfectly for what I needed.
Very good phone as a good as a galaxy s7 the phone is fast and has 1.5 gb of ram.
Great phone so far and fast shipping!
Great phone!! Fast, powerfull and nice look.4g lte works perfect in south america
good phone
Excelente teléfono
For those of you in the US with AT&T this phone works perfectly. I could not be happier. My iPhone 6s Plus was having issues, so I decided to go with the Samsung Galaxy J7. When it arrived I popped in the Sim from my iPhone 6s Plus (With an adapter iphone has a nano, J7 is a micro) and turned on the phone. It came up perfectly, no configuration required. Even the tethering worked. If I had to say what are the cons the only thing I have found so far is the inability to turn off the shutter sound on the camera. I was worried about the camera quality because the iPhone is the gold standard, but changed the J7 to pro mode adjusted the iso even in low light the photos are good (if you leave it in auto I get too much noise in low light)I purchased an extra battery so I have a spare, a case on Amazon and the SD card 128GB.Would I buy it again, absolutely! The cost of my 128GB iphone 6S Plus was nearly $1000, this phone has similar performance, removable battery, SD slot and Dual SIMs for about $250 + $30 SD Card. Very Pleased!
Everything as expected.
If you're in the US and on ATT and are looking for a relatively inexpensive smartphone without a contract, this might just be it. I've tried some of the cheaper brands that Amazon sells. Phones intended for sale in the US from BLU, Huawei, and ZTE. All budget phones under 300 dollars. And then someone mentioned the Samsung J7 to me on another forum so I watched a bunch of videos and learned all I could. What I found was a phone far more capable at gaming that any other budget priced phone, and also a phone that happens to look quite premium. Outside of games it also performs pretty darned well. I'm very impressed.Here's what you give up when you decide to get this phone:- Ambient light sensor. Not a big deal to me. When I'm inside I keep my phone at about 20 percent brightness. When I go outside I use the Outdoors brightness option that this phone has and it performs beautifully. Much nicer than any of the other budget phones I've used outdoors.- Notification light (I kinda miss this, but it's not a huge deal)- Glass back (I don't care about this)- backlit keys on the bottom of the phone (I would like those, but after an hour or two your brain remembers exactly where those buttons are.The version of the phone I bought was the J700m. It's intended for use in the Americas (South and North). When you turn it on, it selects Spanish as the language for the phone, but it lets you scroll up and select English. From that point on everything is in English. Put your sim card in prior to turning it on the first time. I put my ATT sim in slot 1 (the slot to the right with the memory card slot immediately above it) and a memory card right above it and then booted up the phone. After a quick setup, I was into the phone and downloading my apps. I told Spotify to use the mem card to store music and it did it. Same for my podcast app. It's a cheap way to conserve the precious internal storage. Some other reviews of this phone at Amazon have stated it doesn't work with ATT. That's completely untrue. This version of the phone works beautifully with ATT. My LTE speeds are incredible. No problems whatsoever.Ive never used a phone with Touchwiz on it before but I read a lot of complaints about it. Personally I love it so far. It's incredibly configurable. You can change the entire look of the phone by adding new themes, of which there are a ton of free ones on the Samsung store. Some reviewers have mentioned that the phone as a lot of bloatware. Also untrue. My phone had the usual Google apps and a couple from Microsoft (like Onedrive). There were no Game demos etc. Of the 16 gigs of internal storage, I had about 11 gig free when I turned it on for the first time.Bottom line is that this is a great budget/mid-range phone that is built to handle the networks in the Americas. For me that means ATT. I couldn't be happier with the phone.Update #1:Battery life after the first few days is incredible. It only has Lollipop 5.1.1 on it but when the screen is off (especially at night), it consumes almost no battery. I sleep for about 8 hours and when I wake up, 1 percent has been used. That's amazing. My iPhone would lose 10-20 percent battery life over the same period. Again, this doesn't have Marshmallow so there's no Doze feature. This is just the native OS managing battery.Also a cool feature that I've not seen on other phones is a manage memory app that Samsung includes. Using it clears all apps from memory and frees up as much space as possible for you. This has been incredibly useful.Update #2: I don't use a case or screen protector. One of the knocks against this phone by some reviewers was the lack of gorilla glass and what that would mean in regards to fingerprints and scratches. Well someone tested the glass online and it had the same scratch resistance as phones with Gorilla Glass 3 do. As for being a nasty fingerprint magnet like my last phone (the lackluster Honor 5X), it isn't. In fact it's resistant to fingerprints in a way that I haven't experienced on a phone or tablet before. I'm not sure how they're doing it, but it's impressive. Every few days I hit it with a cleaning cloth, but not because the fingerprints are out of control. Just to make it look brand new again.I'm also very pleased with the feel and weight of this phone in my hand. It feels incredibly premium despite not being a metal phone. Also, the buttons have a great feel to them as well. The more I use the phone, the more impressed I am with what Samsung has delivered here for 250 dollars. And once again, the gaming performance is tremendous and better yet is that my phone has never heated up while gaming. I also love the customizability of the theme store.
My wife love her Samsung galaxy J7. It works really good here in Bahamas.
Great smartphone
I absolutely love it. It has great battery life, an amazing vivid screen, and great endurance to minir drops on hard surfaces. I can end the day with over half of my battery left.
i like it so much..for its performance its quite fast..
works excellent, needed volume peak, now ok
Good product
Good phone at great price . Just what I need.
Applied very well. Wish the screen protector was just a tiny bi bigger to get all the way to the edge. But it works well where it is needed.
This was a gift for someone.Rating it by the way it looked and felt.
:D
By far this phone is pretty good for the price and is comparable with Galaxy s6 and 7.. Great camera speed and memory...
Really great phone. I activated it with tracfones bring your own phone plan very easily. The guidebook does not say how to insert the sd card, but it can be inserted on top of the right sided SIM slot. There are two sim slots so you can have 2 different phone numbers if you like. I don't plan to, but it's a neat option.
excellent
good smartphone , operates in Venezuela in LTE , I use with my line Digitel .
Yep! I absolutely love this phone. It is so fast and easy to set up too. I am not overly tech savvy so I was worried I would never get everything set up correctly. It could not have been easier. I had read several reviews that talked about the phone coming in Spanish and it did BUT the option to switch from Spanish to English is right on the opening screen Easy peasy. All my apps transferred over...I have no idea how but am just happy they did. The phone is very light weight and the screens are clear and rich in color. I ordered a protective case and now I am all set! BTW I am 66 years old so if I can do this so can you!
very goods
I like the FM broadcast radio feature. It's not true that you have to use earphones. You can plug in an audio cord (like for patching into your car stero) or an old cheap set of earphones with the earphones cut off, and that will serve as an antenna and play the sound through the speaker. Very handy to have old fashioned radio on my phone. Other reviews have covered everything else.
A bit low on memory (1.5) and screen resolution 720p, but a great phone for the price.
Excellent product. Arrived on time and there's no problem using it in Argentina.
Wow.. amazing. Dont let the bad reviews fool you this phone it just as good as the $500+ phones .. I go through at least 3 phones a year for multiple reasons this is the best for a great price. At work today everyone had to check out my phone.. all i heard was " mine doesn't do/have that" and they have good quality cases for this phone so you are really getting a deal.
Just what I wanted......excellent features. loved it...
Easy to use, easy on the eyes. Perfect for my use
I am satisfied with this product and it's price range thanks for the delivery time.
i bought this as a gift for someone that lives outside the US and they absolutely love the performance
Very good phone
Great phone! Factory unlocked. Im using it in the U.S and Mexico
The Samsung J7 is great value for the price, the camera and battery life is awesome!
I absolutely love this phone! I think it's usually compared to the S7 and that's understandable. It's about the same size and the features are very similar. I don't have any complaints to tell. Unlike my last Samsung phone this hasn't freezed while using it and I've been using it for almost a month now. If anything changes I'll be sure to repost but as of now I'm enjoying my phone.
great phone
Keep in mind this is a dual mini chip phone though in US companies freaked at the idea of using 2 chips... only negative is it refreshes all the time.... while messaging etc. If you're long winded like me this can be frustrating.
Such a nice phonethe front flash is the best!
Great phone
Excellent phone. Great screen size and very good speed. Battery charge duration is really good and it is fully recharged in a short time.
YES Indeed it's a great phone I LOVE IT
just used for a day. It works with T mobile (LTE)!Wifi: It does not detect my home network 5GHz network. (It works -- mac/lenovo tab -- they connect to 5GHz). I don't know if its generic samsung issue or something else.
So far so good this phone is like the galaxy edge big lite weight so many amazing features😊
Is beautiful
Got damn good!!!!
I like the slim profile of the Galaxy J7 J700M; the screen is sharp and bright. When I installed my two sim cards it immediately recognized each one. I was able to pair with my blue tooth in my car very quickly. It also takes great pictures. The speech to text messaging works well. My only concerns are : 1- that the strength of the wireless connection at times seems very weak (my other phones always showed a strong signal); 2- The width of the phone is at time awkward in the hand.The phone was delivered on time and in new condition; the battery charged up in a reasonable time.I am so far happy with this phone (after one week). I am using this phone on AT&T No contract Go Phone service.
I researched for a few weeks about phones. I am glad I went with this one. It isn't too but, or small. It does everything I need it to. Takes wonder detailed pictures! I keep phhones a few years. I have had it a little over 2 weeks. I love it. Sound quality of speakers is very good. I am very happy with this phone!
Works in USA, no problems getting 4G LTE Data
I love this phone
Good for the price, looks expensive. My friends thought it was s7 when he saw me with it the first time. It has a large screen too. The dual sim feature is always a plus for any phone. The 4G LITE feature is also present. The pictures are great, even if the environment is not very well lit.
Love my new phone, perfect size. great value!
I love my new phone and it works real good. My only complaint is why does it have to be so big. By the time you add protectice screen and case thu phone is like a small tablet and quite heavy.
great !
Awesome phone. Midrange phone? - Not to me. lol price wise, this is worth it
Brilliant cell phone! Fast, snappy, works well with plenty of useful apps.If you like to record your phone calls, some phones do not have the direct link to the received signal and need to use the phone microphone to record what the speaker says. Not this one, it records straight from the insides of the system very clearly. Of course you have to use the right App (I'm using Galaxy Call Recorder) but if you read that some phones have "issues" or need to turn the volume fully up to record calls, this one is not one of them. It records beautifully.On top of that dual sim, can take a 128GB micro SD card (some phones go up to 32 or 64), great screen, 13MP camera.Absolutely fantastic phone at a great price. I cannot tell what a more expensive model can offer that this one doesn't.
Excellent phone. This phone has two good features that higher end samsung phones have. They are quick launch of the camera by double tap of the home button and it has the theme store. The theme store is really cool. It changes the look of your home screen, apps, calendar and text msg and email app. I also have a note 4 and this phone is a little faster. I really love this phone and the performance really exceeds my expectations! I used it with AT&T and it works fine.
I purchased this phone for my daughter and she loved it. And I loved it too. I will recommend this phone.
Exactly what I expected
It's a cheaper but yet a very useful phone.. nothing like Samsung, right?
I really love it. It is an excelente phone and much cheaper than the S series. The flash in the front camera is unique. Worth the price. A bit heavy, though. And the gold version is cute. Highly recommendable. Even for men. Fits in the pocket as well although it's not that small
Very good relation cost/quality . Works great with 4G Movistar in Argentina . It goes very fast and I found it very practical.
Excelent
Seems to have everything as the gallaxy s7. Very satisfied
Very good
Very good phone
It was a gift for a friend, but she likes it a lot.
Until now is working very well
Good product !!
very good, except I thought it comes with a memory card
I have only had the device for a week now but so far so good. This is the reason for only 4 stars... if it continues to hold up and work as expected that rating would definitely go to 5 stars.I am happy with the size and speed of the phone. The ability to use it as a "Bring Your Own Phone" was awesome as I use this with the Tracefone service and got triple minutes because of the phone. Was also very happy to see it hit 4G service.The only thing that worried me for a short time was when I first inserted the sim card and booted up the phone and it's base language was spanish! I thought I was in big trouble until the final phase of setup when it switched to English for me automatically. The Sim card and my SD card went in very easily after I figured out where the slot for the SD card was! The documentation is thin and vague even with a picture which doesn't illustrate the slots very well, or at least label the drawings. Turns out the SD card went into the same slot connector as the sim card, only on top of the sim card. I guess this is new and seems to save room inside for the dual sims. You can use dual sim cards but it does not appear to switch between them automatically... some interaction is required.Still learning about all the features and how to get the most out of the 13mp front camera.
I love everything about this phone. It works perfect 95% of the time. The problem is that on occasion the media/main speaker on the back of the phone will turn off and all sound will emit from the small phone speaker on the screen side. This is fixable by restarting the phone which takes maybe 15 seconds tops. I love the screen size, its comparable to the iPhone 6. Very customizable interface, as Android always is. Never have a problem with apps closing or freezing. Long battery, especially with the power save option. With regular use (using apps, internet, GPS, calling and texting), I can make the battery last an entire weekend. Camera is also great quality, front and back, ans has a lot of built in editing. I would recommend this phone to anyone.
After the last Samsung purchase (Note II in 2012) was disappointed to see the manufacturer slowly veer away from what mainly made it stand out from the Apple phones - removable battery and external SDHC card support.This phone is unlocked and supports dual sim which suits international travel needs of mine.So far am loving it because it only used up 3% battery in over 24 hours while sitting on the desk in standby mode.
Before purchasing this SUPERB J7 phone, I had the Galaxy Grand Prime, which I purchased about ayear ago (I was very happy with the Grand Prime just wanted a newer phone). Since am a techie type, I upgrade my phone once every year. Before this purchase, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites and the specs were just what I was searching for and below I will explain why I believe that this mid range phone is an excellent choice! The color I chose is BLACK and it looks stunning, the black color frames the phone very well. The white back cover I ordered from Amazon...see pictures of this phone and cover below. The cover has texture in back to keep this phone in my hand.I recently purchased a HP wireless printer, installed HP app and PrinterShare app from Playstore and when on WiFi, I print directly from this amazing tablet.PROS:+ Micro Sim Card – My model of phone will accept TWO Micro Sim Cards and a 128SD card. I loaded TWO Sim Cards (one for personal and an extra Sim just to see if both worked).SIM ONE is the one I use 90 percent of the time, SIM TWO I just had left from an old phone, so why not try this feature out! (Sim ONE is the PRIMARY SIM, the one used most, Sim Two I use for an extra Sim.**One large reason I purchased this phone (there were MANY GOOD REASONS), was the MICRO Sim card. I was not ready to deal with a NANO card at this time. I just popped in my existing Micro Sim and the phone was ready to use!+ SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5.5 inch screen. It fits easily into my purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone.**This phone is THIN and LIGHT and it is easy for me to hold in my hand (I am a small person). They have setting for ONE HANDED use for phone and a couple of other things as well.+ Memory and Storage Space – This tablet comes with 16GB Internal storage memory. However, once the OS and Apps from factory were install, this left 11.6GB of storage space left for my own apps.I loaded this out with WPS Office, Maxthon Browser, Rocket Music Player, and a few helpful weather radar apps etc and I still have over 10GB left right now.**There is 1.5GB RAM Memory, which I find adequate and enough to run my new J7 smoothly and peppy.+ SD Card Capacity – There is a slot for adding an SD Micro card UP to 128GB. I had on hand a 64GB card with my photos, videos, files on it and the phone read this card just fine. I believe that when I decide to load new card at 128GB, there will be no problem. For now, I still have 40 GB left on my SD card for later use.+ Lollipop 5.1.1. This is a superb version of Lollipop. The phone runs very fast with no hiccups even when I had several running apps going. I found that Samsung does have the Touch Wiz interface, yet on this phone I found little bloatware - not nearly like on previous Samsung models.+ Camera - This has a 13MP camera and I am amazed at the clarity of the pictures that I have taken with phone. For example, I took a close up of a multi colored eyeglass case for tiny flowers on it and each flower was very sharp and also vivid in color. Then I took outdoor shots of a few things around my home, indoor shots of special foods that I prepared and the results were truly amazing---the colors were sharp, bright a vivid. This camera is a HUGE improvement from my old Samsung Grand Prime phone that had 8MP.+ Screen Resolution/Special Screen Information - For me personally, I find the resolution (at 267 PPI - Pixels Per Inch) excellent as the colors in the screen are very bright and vivid and very clear! In fact, webpages and my Kindle Reading app are just stunning on this phone! *All of my pictures and videos are crystal clear with this phone.***OUTSIDE VIEWING the screen. So that I can easily view this screen in bright sun outdoors, I open the notification area, there is an outside view that I check so that it is VERY easy to see this screen on daylight. In the daytime, I use this often when I take pictures outdoors, I see the screen clearly even in direct sunlight!+ WiFi/4G (LTE) (Internet): Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent (even in the very back of my home and outside), most of the time I have 4 bars (outside is 2.5 bars). When not near a router or WiFi hotspot, my area just received LTE and this phone is LIGHTENING FAST in date when I use LTE Data on it!+ OTG – This phone supports On the Go with the micro USB port so I can add a 64GB flash drive with my office files, pictures etc and the phone easily reads these files.+ Temperature of the battery and coolness of this phone - This phone and battery runs very cool and normal temp and most of the time it is running at 78 F degrees to 87 F degrees. When I download lots of apps or play games, it may get up to 90 degrees for a couple of minutes but goes right down to normal temps. I have run many programs on this phone and it DOES NOT OVERHEAT. I have read that some newer smart phones will sometimes get up as high as 112 degrees, this one for me has not done this.It is important to keep a phone running cooler as it will prolong the life of the phone and it is easier on the battery as well.+ Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well. ***I have a partial hearing loss so I pressed the EXTRA VOLUME in the telephone part and it worked well.+ BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning). I have better battery life than I had on my old Samsung Grand Prime. Also to save battery, I turn off WiFi or Data and tap the ON OFF button (put to sleep). This way, I use my phone from 8am until 10pm on a charge and STILL have about 20 percent…to do this, I make sure that I turn WiFi or Data off when not using it.+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 128GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone! (I placed a 64GB SD Card in this phone and I still have room left).And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.+ Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called WPS Office (free) which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.+ Kindle Books App – This I downloaded and I adjusted the FONT SIZES to larger and MARGINS to narrow so I can really read the books comfortably. Reading on this 5.5 inch phone is a joy and I like to read on the go.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Also, there is a newer Archived Flash out. So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the phone, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes in a heartbeat as for me the best phone that I have ever owned! And for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, as it is a very easy to use phone and very high in quality.I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
This phone is awesome. I love it because it have great features which are easy to use.
Excelente
So far so good my first Samsung phone. Definitely not going back to Blu or Asus. Even though it's a cheaper end Samsung smartphone it's perfect. The camera is superb. The phone moves very welll. I have had no trouble with it so far.
excellent product
The phone finally arrived (2nd attempt) but it was worth the wait. Beautiful phone. I have no problems with it so far.
Excellent product! Really new and unlocked. Thank you!
I really like this phone. It works smooth and processes fast. Music and videos play clear and without any problems. The size (5.5") of the screen and the overall size of the phone is perfect. This came as unlocked for the Americas region. But it came with instructions that to use this phone outside of the Americas, you have to make a cumulative 5 minute call with an American SIM card. When I inserted a Philippine SIM card in Roaming mode, a popup appeared to type an unlock code. So I followed the directions and made calls with ATT and TMobile. Then I inserted the Philippine SIM card again and it worked! No unlock code required. I will be going to Asia in a few months and will find out if this phone is truly unlocked outside of the Americas region.
Before buying this phone, I bought and returned 2 other phones: ZTE and Honor 5x. This one, the J7, is a keeper. I can't see anything negative about it so far.Appearance: looks great, perfect 5.5" basic HD display. Because it's plastic rather than metal, it's not heavy. It's very slim so can fit nicely in your pocket or small handbag.Performance: finally a phone that pairs and keeps Bluetooth connection, rather than drops it after 10 minutes (which plagues many Android 5.1 devices). Reception seems fine, not better or worse than other phones, my signal showing around -73, the same as other phones. Call quality was perfect, clear, loud on speakerphone, and the other party had no difficulty hearing me either. It has been documented that plastic phones are better than metal when it comes to signal. As I look for a phone that works well as a "phone" rather than everything but, signal and call quality are super important to me.Camera: can't go wrong with 13 mp back camera. Clear, sharp photos that you can edit with the help of many photo apps out there. And because of the nice, crisp screen, your photos look good.Battery: 3000 mAh seem to last forever. It comsumes Zero power at night on standby. Charged it to 100% before going to bed and in the morning it's still 100%.I like the fact that is has a micro sim (2 slots) rather than the invisible nano, which I will probably lose within 2 seconds of handling it never to be found. Huge expansion storage on micro sd card, which cleverly slides on top of sim 1 to save space.My phone was purchased "used, like new" from JP Mobiles, arrived very fast, as new looking as can be. It was a little over $200, which is great price for a fantastic phone, when you think that people shell out a thousand bucks for a phone that may not be any better than this one.
I have purchased this unlocked & it works fine in my country- India without any issues. Just inserted SIM & it was ready.
So far so good. This phone is great, the only problem I'm having is, where does the sd card go?I've read the Manuel, and cannot find a slot for the card.Can anyone help me?This phone us absolutely awesome. I use straight talk, and was surprised to learn its reconfigured itself to be AT &T, no problems so far.I'm so glad I read the reviews and bought it. You can't go wrong, this phone is worth every penny!!!
Love this cell phone. Great camera. Good sound quality. Love the capacity to use two sim cards simultaneously.
Great, doesn't come with bloatware.
I love my phone, got a 128gb storage card in it and it works even better...it does what I need it to do and I did not have to spend 500 to 600 dollars if I had bought the newest version.
This is a great all-round phone. I liked buying it online at Amazon because I could take my time and do some real comparison shopping before I made my choice.
Excelent product
works very good
good
I really, really like this phone. It's quick, nice size and unlocked. Done and done.
Protects fine!
EXELENT
The phone is well constructed and looks more expensive than it really costs. However, the back cover is made of plastic, which it less attractive.
Hardly ever use my cell, except when traveling, but so far, this phone is great. Very nice clear, easy to see screen.
Excellent phone. Great for dual providers. Excellent version of Android, Super fast. No dropped calls on LTE. Fantastic.
Amazing phone, can't ask for better. Good value for the price.
Everything about this phone is great except I seem to have a unit with a defective antenna.The signal bars are 1-3 at home, mostly 1 or sometimes nil.I live in a remote location I must state.The signal bars however have always been 2-4 or randomly 5 on my previous Samsung devices.(SIII; Grand; Grand Neo; Grand II)I have used these in the same remote location over the past years.To be sure, I switched the SIMs back into each old unit and voila! higher bars with all of them.So there must be an issue with the antenna of my J7.Unless of course others are experiencing similar issues then it is the model itself.Hey I still get service so I left it alone rather than go through a return process.Perhaps just my luck with phones dating back to my first which I had to replace 3 times
The phone met my expectations . I love it.
Ok
Great
Fue best phone o ever had
I saved about $350.00 by choosing this phone over the Galaxy S7. I am happy with my choice. It did take me a little while to get my files transferred from an HTC M1 8. But I managed, even texts, mail, contacts, music etc. I bought the phone for it's long battery life. I use the phone for work and play. I play golf and use an app and the GPS for the golf app can drain the phone leaving little or now power for work. Boo hoo. So, the J7 performs as advertised on the power front. I bought an extra battery, so I don't have to charge in the middle of the golf course and all is well. But the battery is so good, that I still have 75 percent of it after a full round of golf. The rest of the stuff, camera, phone, bluetooth, etc. work like they all do. Weak speakers, I mean really weak ... like "high" on the J7 is like nearly mute on the HTC. Just saying. If I listen to music or watch a you tube clip, it works fine. But I think they probably save the $300 on the speaker alone. I am not complaining. I use vibrate for alerts, calls, etc. but if you use this phone you might think you are losing your hearing if you depend on the speaker. You're not. It's weak.
This is a wonderful phone. I purchased an AT&T Go Phone SIM for it and it works PERFECTLY - I had absolutely no difficulty in setting it up: just installed the SIM, went to AT&T's website for Go Phone SIM activation (I searched for the site in my browser), and purchased a service level. Voila! Instant access to all of my favorite mobile applications via Google Play. The phone opens and runs programs very quickly, even after installing 20+ programs. It displays on-demand movies as if I were watching them on a miniature HD TV. The gold case is super-slim, and the large screen displays very vibrant colors. My friends have already complemented me on it. It looks and functions like more expensive locked phones. I feel very lucky to have come across it on Amazon.
My daughter loves her new phone
The Samsung galaxyj7 works awesome photos are marvelous I made a right decision in purchasing one
Great product and timely delivery..as advertised..
Pretty amazing phone for the price. It set up beautifully with my AT&T sim card. The only irks I have is that it doesn't have a dual sim card slot as advertised and this phone has no LED indicator lights. So if the phone is charging or a call or text comes in, no light blinks to let you know. You need to hit the button for home screen to see notifications. The dual sim card is annoying but not a deal breaker for me. The bottom line is you will get a quality phone for under 300 bucks that will keep up with the new trendy phones for twice the price. I've already had a few people ask me what model this phone is and how sharp it looks. It does look and feel like a very pricey phone. It is LTE which is essentially a 4G phone so it is fast. I love it and very happy with this purchase.
This is by far the Best Smart Phone I have had. I use tracfone service, inserted the sim card and my micro SD and it works perfectly, no problems, no calls to tracfone. It does Not have the Marshmallow 6.0, that's ok with me, I did some research and the 2016 J710 is $350-$400 which I did Not want to pay for a phone that mostly sits in my purse. The only problem I had was figuring out that the Micro SD card gets inserted immediately Above the sim card, I had to consult the owners manual for that.
verry good
very nice phone and camera , no issues so far
I got this phone so I could use it with two SIMs for international travel purpose. I have not yet tested it outside the country. The set up was easy. It is nice to be able to remove the battery (and replace it if needed). It is a nice mid-level phone at a reasonable price. I was not able to upgrade it from android 5.1 to marshmellow.
luxury phone my favorite fast and had a great camera
Best phone ever
This is the best phone so far, everything about it is great. The quality of the videos and pictures are amazing. The only reason i don't rate five stars is because of the key board, its hard to space words because of it. Other than that its an amazing product and recomend it for those who want a good phone but cant afford those newer model, expensive phones.
Excellent smartphone everyone thinks its a higher budget phone all functionality works smoothly Bluetooth as well pairs with all my gadgets
I bought this for my son. His previous phone did not have sufficient storage. On this phone he was able to download all his favorite apps. I love the forward facing flash on this phone. I wish my phone had one. It is almost the same size as my note 4. He loved it.
It was deal, am happy.Thank you!
GREAT PHONE! GOOD PRICE
Works great in Argentina. the only low is that doesn't have auto brightness.
Ok
Very happy with this phone! Easy to use and easy to handle. Beautiful picture quality. Great product for the price
Nice product!!!
I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now. Still getting use to the size (upgraded from Galaxy S3 Mini), huge difference. I love the battery life of this phone. Had no problem with transferring all information from old phone to this one.Only have a couple of problems so far:1. Not compatible with some Apps I had installed on old phone2. No GPS3. Can't register with Samsung4. Showing up as "unknown phone" with my carrier
Had this now for a month.Works well - everything as expected.Hard to find a good case for it.This is a regional phone so concerned I may not be able to use it overseas.no mirror screen to TV
Excellent product
10000 points!
Samsung J7 so far loving it. phone look and feel is great, battery life is great, performance is great. I am watching closely during the 30 day warranty and hope everything continues to be great. Package had no extras, no phone case or screen protector.So far this is a great lower end Samsung option for the price but I am so far very happy.Lots of videos available on utube if you need help doing anything with the phone e.g. which slot to place SIM card or SD card of if you have 2 SIM how to set it up with the SD card.Thumbs up Samsung!
Great Price!
Love the new Samsung Galaxy J7. Features are great....just wish I can get to master a lot of them. My only criticism is that the phone does not appear to have a microphone at the bottom like most other models, and the tone quality seems to suffer. Otherwise great phone.
Why pay so much for smart phones? This one is perfect. Easy for a newbie also.
Works well out of the country.
No android marshmallow update available over the air.
Ordered this for my brother he is really happy with it.
Excellent phone, never ever gets hot, very great picture quality, like smart manager app, great resolution. I am using it for more than 12 months. I like removable battery, and dual SIM.
Works very good loving it
Great phone, however be mindful that this phone is not supported by Samsung in the US. It's also unclear to me if it has a warranty, even though you see a warranty in the product information, read the highlighted text at the end of it.If you go the the Samsung site and type the model number: SM-J700M, you will not find it! T-mobile also confirmed that it's not in their database. I use it with T-mobile and it works fine.Another thing to be be aware of is that it will not work with accessory devices like the Samsung Gear Fit2. I bought the gear fit and had to return it because it is not compatible with this unlocked version of the J7. This was confirmed by a Samsung technician at Best Buy.Otherwise I find this phone to be very capable and snappy. A lot of phone for the price.
Excellent, very fast. I realy like!
Bought for a friend don't get any complaints.
Great Product!
AMAZING PHONE FOR THE PRICE
Great phone for a great price
The Samsung J7 is just what I had hoped for. I was looking for a phone with a good camera and sufficient storage. I have downloaded several apps and still have plenty of room for more. So far I am very happy with this phone.
I do not chase phone. I love this phone very much especially for the price.
Great
Really Excellent
Still learning to use it but I love everything about this phone. I use tracfhone prepaid service and it works great on this phone.
Excellent phone; at times it glitch freezes while on Youtube and auto reboots, but overall very satisfied with this phone!
Great Product & Fast shipping
Does everything the S5 does and more. Also does not have so much blot ware on it. Camera is amazing and it works great with T-Moble network
great phone.love it.
Came on time and works just fine!
Great
Working like a Samsung phone should. No problems so far. Excellent phone for the price. Most people have never heard of a Samsung J7. Glad I saw this on Amazon.
ok so I wrote a review that my phone came to in in French. I had to go to ATT and the rep there was able to figure it out and set it to english. Phone it self seems to be great but I haven't really used it yet. So to recap... If it comes to you in another language, your provider should be able to fix it so you don't have to send it back...
good product. thanks
So far so good. It was a gift for my son who wants to play games as all teenagers uses their phone nowadays and he is very happy with that.
Product as stated. Thank you for being a great Amazon seller. A +
My daughter loves this phone. Camera is awesome!
I love this phone. The price is perfect for the features that the phone has. I am very happy with my purchase. I am not really a tech savvy person, but this phone has gone beyond my expectations. 😆
The only complaint l have about this phone is that I cant change or assign different color texts alerts or phone notifications to a specific person.
Very good Cell although a bit large compared to the ones I've had to date. Chose this particular model for two reasons 16GB memory and 4GLTE.
Great phone! Better than expected. Upgraded from the Galaxy S4. :) Only downside my old phone I brought from Verizon and this one I had to go with a new sim card-ATT. Service is choppy, but not the phones fault. :)
Ok so I thought I did all of my research before buying this phone to find something that was under $300 with NFC...the specs on the J700M has NFC on every website I checked, and even the manual on this page but my phone does not have it. I have dual SIM which I don't even need, but don't have the one feature I really wanted. I was so disappointed I wanted to return it. I just returned a Moto X because it was really buggy (screen turned into pink stripes) and ate ALL my SIM cards so I really didn't want to go through that again.Ok that being said, this phone is so awesome for everything else! It has a nice display, nice camera, really looks exactly like my husband's note 5! I am trying to get used to the keyboard. It's a little too sensitive and doesn't have that feature where you slide around to each letter to type words..I kinda miss that. Anyway, phone has no flaws, no pauses, not freezing or overheating. Screen looks amazing! Battery life is awesome I barely put this thing down since 8 am and it's almost 8pm and I have 30% battery left! The quality is just way more than I expected that I cannot return it. I am just gonna find a way to get NFC in this phone. Maybe rooting? If anyone knows how to do this please let me know! And I think I can find another keyboard. It's only been 2 days, so I'm still trying to figure stuff out but I can't understand why his phone is not sold in the US?!? My SIM works better in this phone than the phones that I actually bought in the US! All of my phone calls are clear on WiFi and cellular and always have service. Im using T-Mobile.
Its very good ^~^
Purchased this because I liked my old Galaxy S3 and just did not want to spend the money for the newer Galaxy S line. It is a good phone, great battery life from my perspective, and charges fast. I just popped in my sim card from my S3 phone (AT&T carrier). There was a wizard-type setup that led me through configuring it, and it offered the opportunity to re-install my old apps. You definitely want to take the option to edit on this one and deselect any old stuff that you don't use anymore (or that was bloatware installed by your carrier). If you want lots of detail about this phone, look for a reviewer named Daisy. Daisy provided great information and that is what gave me the confidence to take the plunge to buy this phone. I've had my phone for a little over a month and there are no problems. (The only thing that was a little tricky to get going again was my visual voicemail, but that was resolved by resetting my password and setting it up from scratch.) Based on my experience with this phone, we will go with the J line for future phone replacements in my family. Tip: You can see some variant of the J7 if you go to a T.mobile store. I did that because I wanted to experience the size/weight in hand before I purchased. BTW, when you are looking for accessories, you need to know whether this phone is a "2015" or a "2016". It's a 2015, based on the processor (Octa Core 1.5GHz) identified on the plastic screen overlay it shipped with.
It was excellent. Thank you.
Great phone. Very bright and easy to read display. My battery lasts about 4 days on one charge with moderate use.This is the version you want, other sellers on Amazon are selling the cheaper version which does not have LTE support.
Meets my expectations so far, but a bit oversized for my small hand and normal sound colum is less than my old cheap LG phone.
Looks, feels and works like a charm
Excelente
The item is perfect! The seller was quick to respond to my needs when I had a question. Very satisfied!
I am very pleased with this phone. The fonts the themes the size of the phone and definitely the camera. (Mainly the clarity and front flash) Everything Is perfect. Upon receiving the phone I had to get a new Sim card from at&t because my iPhone 5 Sim card was too small. However the representatives at at&t couldn't connect the internet. I was initially mad upset distraught everything u would imagine. So I got home and immediately came home and contacted costumer service. They were very helpful and assured me that the phone is compatible with at&t. They gave me some tips on resolving the issue. I don't know what I did exactly but I did get the internet working and over all I'm enjoying my new phone. I highly reccomend this phone to anyone looking for something new.
It's beautiful, fast and easy to manage. I recomend it
Absolutely ! the best phone i have ever owned ,i really like this phone,great quality ! they thought of everything when creating this phone and at a great price,thanks so much :)
Excelent phone for the price. Great camara.
good one.
Love this phone...takes superb pictures and the wide screen is great for the average movie lover
Really a great phone. I can't imagine sticking yourself to a contract to get a phone instead of purchasing this. Very fast and battery life is amazing, especially if you put it in Batter Saver mode (I can't tell that it changes the performance at all)
Works well couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Just popped in my sim from my service provider and I was ready to go
Best deal in my lifetime. Works perfect. I bought one for my wife.
So far it has been a pleasure, no complaints!
Very good
Excellent performance
I was not familiar with this particular phone. The reviews really helped me to make the decision to purchase the Samsung J7. It arrived a couple of days earlier thanks to Amazon delivering on Sundays. It arrived undamaged in a well packaged box. The phone is all I expected it to be and I am completely satisfied with it. It even does not have the battery problems of the S7. I have used the phone now for a few weeks and it has operated perfectly. The funny part is that both AT&T and Best Buy did not know this phone existed. My suggestion is to research before spending $600.00 + for one of the recent phones of any brand.Samsung Galaxy J7 J700M, 16GB, Dual SIM LTE, Factory Unlocked (Gold)
Im using this phone in the USA on Cricket network for both lines...works like a charm! This phone is responsive, has beautiful color and after a full month of using it, ive had no issues with it. Its a beautiful phone and I love it!
Have used for about a month, and am very pleased. I did end up going out of the USA a week after buying the phone, so did make sure I made a 5 minute outgoing call. When I arrived in New Zealand I put in a second SIM card and it worked fine for 2 Degrees in New Zealand. I've been able to figure out the settings I've needed pretty easily, and the battery life is good, keeping a charge over multiple days. I'm enjoying this phone.
Very good item
Super fast, the battery was at 80% after two days of normal use and about 1.5 hr of watching netflix on my lunch break and such. it's on board speaker is the best I have ever heard it sounds as good and is capable of nearly the volume as the portable speaker I have that is about 4 times the size of the phone
Received phone on time and is better than we could've hoped for!!
I love my phone
Love this phone. It has what I need without overdoing anything..
Very very nice phone - for any price. Makes me wonder why I pay so much for my iPhone 6 plus. Planning to use this on a Asia trip and use a local SIM for data while retaining my US phone number and SMS. This phone is plenty fast, the display is very nice (the AMOLED display is arguably nicer than the iPhone IPS LED - colors really pop out, never knew what reviewers meant until now). Camera takes decent pictures. I suspect the iPhone has a much brighter lens (smaller f-stop) as the indoor shots can have motion blur - plusthe iphone 6+ has image stabilization, which I guess I am starting to miss on this phone. Tried to register the phone in the USA Samsung site but it won't take the IMEI or serial number. Perhaps it's not supported in the US. In the meantime, I have popped 2 AT& SIMs in to test it out and it works. The "SIM card manager" function complains that some services on the SIMs are not working, but I seem to be able to get phone calls and SMS on both SIMs, and data on the primary SIM that I chose. So I don't know what to make of it. All my key apps on iOS are available on Android except iMessage and handoff to Mac - those 2 could very well prove to be the be killer apps that force me back to iOS. Bluetooth connections to cars and speakers work great. Speaker on phone is crap, but not of concern. The power switch is SUPER sensitive - light touches will turn it on when the phone is completely turned off. Seems to take a long time to fully charge too. Will update on how it performs on my trip.
Great phone
Excellent phone. I bought it few days ago and so far I'm very happy with it (knock! knock!). Dual sim works like a charm with T-Mobile and AT&T providers. When setting it up, message said that I can only have one LTE service with another at slower speed but now I enjoy both (don't know how it happened). So with a touch of a finger I can flip between 2 different carriers - Sim 1 or Sim 2 and I love it! So instead of 2 phones, I carry only one. Also great reassurance from a company who sold this phone and shipped by Amazon. They sent me email explaning what kind of phone is it and telling me to contact them, if something is not up to my satisfaction. As of now, I strongly recommend this phone.
Great Phone! Just updated to v6.0.1 and it runs very smooth. Recommended!
Excellent
First time user for a smart phone and getting around all the apps. is easy.
I love this phone. Easy to navigate. Great service, easy to use and just the right size. The "Note" is too big for me, but this is a great size.I would buy again, but hope I don't need a new phone for years to come. I am not one who needs a new phone every year .
I love this phone, I hope I am able to keep it. I don't know about the recall!
Good phone, great buy for the money. I wanted a premium phone without paying $500 or more, this phone meets my expectations, but don't expect a great camera. Would I like it to shoot as nice of photos as the S6, you bet, does it? No way. But for the $250 or more I saved, I can live with that. Make sure you get the M or F models. One reseller sent me the H/DS model which is cheaper and has different screen and processor even though it was listed as a 700F. Most people may not notice that, but there is a difference. Samsung makes different versions of the J7 for different regions of the world. Avoid the H/DS version, it doesn't have as good a display or processor.
It's great
Excelent service. I got no complain.
Good phone ...long battery duration. ..4 stars coz we cannot pair with it galaxy watches. ..
Great phone. Factory unlocked.
Selfie Phone. Take picture during night or dark lights not a problem.
My kid is fascinated with the cel
Well, a little confusing at first. I was upgrading from my old Samsung Galaxy Ace prototype I got SEVERAL years ago. After I finally got through the initial set up programing it is great so far....just got it yesterday. Very nice size and now that I have gotten into it a little, it seems super easy to use. Has all the old features I used all the time on my old phone. Would recommend HIGHLY!!
Good quality and very fast. Love it !
Loving it great product for its price easy to use... excellent was ipone user ... this phone is great!
I really love it, just like I ordered, great color, light, thin, and its camera Love the picture qualities, for selfies its awewome day and night, I tried the front flash in the dark of course during night and it is great. I couldnt expect any better. It came 4 days before the expected date. I bought from the seller BREED very responsible.
As expected. Week T-mobile signal in my house. Good for the price.
It works perfect, top quality shipping
Everything OK.
Very good phone its the best phone they ever made.
simply Love it
I am truly enjoying my J7. I am from Jamaica and it works great. I had a mini S4 before so the size of it shocked me, but I am getting use to it. The only issue I have was the lack of a default media player. I downloaded one from my ap store but it doesn't show all the songs on my SD card, but I know that they are there since I checked it on my computer. Other than that, it is a really good purchase compared to what is currently on the market
excellent
I loved the phone but, it freezes sometimes you have to reset but besides that's I love the phone and features the dual SIM is a problem had to use my 1 slot for international and remove my original SIM to put my international SIM in place,minor.
All perfect!
Love this phone, it's way better the the iPhone I had, keeps a long charge after much use.
Best Ever
I have not found anything that I don't like about this phone. Absolutely love it. Would definitely recommend.
Amazon, the best phone I had well received and I would like to say that what I had read in different reaction of the buyers are really not true.To this I would like to tell the truth of this phone. This is really a good phone, with good picture, good sound, good camara from in front and from the rear, that works fast, is very good package from Amazon.
This phone is absolutely phenomenal. I am very pleased with this purchase If you are a true techie and or just feel like you just have to pay $800-$900 for iPhone or the new Samsung Galaxy S7 you go right ahead. Of which neither one of those phones offer a dual SIMs card slots so that you can have both a personal or business line in one phone the technology is superb. Please pay attention and be aware that there are two models of this phone the j700h and the j700M/DS please do not make the mistake and order the j700h like I did to later realize that it was a older model once I realize the mistake I immediately cancel that order & ordered the correct model j700M/DS. Definitely read the information so that you won't make that mistake I almost mad but, I was fortunate enough to stop the payment of the initial order and then order of the correct phone. Like it says in the description this phone does not come with the Gorilla Glass but ordered a package of Gorilla Glass to fit this phone and it works perfectly problem solve. But again I want to reiterate thatyou need watch for the model number to be sure that you are getting the correct phone this phone is equivalent and better than the Samsung Note series. This is a great phone!!! I also wanted to mention that the J700M/DS is 4G LTE and that the j700H/DS is only 3G.
it works
Best phone ever for the price. Really fast and amazing screen.
Received it on time and so far is meeting my expectations. I like that you can ad a memory card for increased capacity. Works well with Consumer Cellular.
Got this as a gift for a friend who raves every day how amazing this phone is and she had no problem using like every other normally expensive cells. Also I got her a T-Mobile start up card on Amazon for 4$ and I myself just purchased a Samsung galaxy S7 for full retail value and couldn't begin the return process quickly enough. Worth it.
Nice feel, good resolution
Why buy an S7??????
Such an upgrade for not that expensive of a phone! Great big screen. No problems so far. A lot of storage. Bought a memory card as well but with 16 GB don't NEED it. But I take a lot of pictures and have a lot of music. Camera is great. Does get very warm/hot when plugged in and playing high usage video games on it. Have to keep it plugged in though because game drains battery to quick. Owned a couple months now. Loving it.
We just received our 2015 Galaxy J7 "US Version" phone and are very pleased with it. HOWEVER, the model is listed as a dual simm model, capable of holding 2 simm cards at the same time so you can have up to 2 separate lines by use of 2 separate simm card holders. When we set up the phone, the left simm card holder was missing, replaced by a plastic insert to fill the hole. I ended up calling Samsung customer service to find out why the holder was missing and found out that only the "International Version" cones as a dual simm model. The "US Version'' is only manufactured as a single simm model, but if you only have 1 line, the missing simm holder makes no difference. It appears that the seller just used the same description on both versions by error. NOTE -3 things - First, I am only writing about the 2015 models. I don't know if all this is true on the 2016 models - they a completely different phones even though the name is the same. Second - be warned - 'International Versions" have dual simms but also appear to have either 90 day or zero warranties versus this "US Version" which has a 1 year Samsung warranty. Third - I have also notified Amazon about this problem but it didn't sound like they would correct the listing.
Bought this for wifey and it does what it should, has good speed, easy to navigate thru and use. Will need to add an app for ring tones, as the ones that come installed with it are minimal. We use StraitTalk on it with no problems.
It was a good purchase. The phone came in good condition and it's as good as most of the Samsung Galaxy J phones. The shipping wasn't very fast, but I am happy after all.
I got this phone for my husband, he loves this phone.
Love this phone it is perfect for me
Excellent phone, but the instructions says that for a not american sim card, a cumulative 5 min call is needed. I put an argentinian sim card and it worked just fine
Prefect, it was exactly what I needed to travel out of the country
This phone is AWESOME I thought it would have some flaws that I would have problems with but I love it. 5stars
For the price this is by far the best smartphone ever, wife is going to order one.
Great phone. The battery doesn't last very long but that is the only thing I can criticize.
love it
I got this phone and am amased at how good it really is. Unbelievably fast, ultra clear display and photos that are hard to believe came from a cell phone. I put in a 128gb memory card, and 2 sim cards and the phone works flawlessly. Switching from my private number to my business line is extremely fast and easy. I really love all the different ways to personalize this phone. I have had about 6 Samsungs and several other phones since my first phone (a motorola brick as it was called). My phone shows 4g LTE service and I am way out in the country. I used to stand in only a couple of areas of my home to get a signal on old phone and this one pulls the signal right in, in all rooms. You will not be unhappy or find this phone lacking in any way. We compared it with a friends S-7 Edge and found the only thing this one could not do, is light up it's side like the edge does. But, for $600 buck less, I can do without the fancy edge.
very good product with reasonable price
all ok
i like it, fast service, as saw at internet.
Excellent value for money.
I am extremely satisfied with this purchase. I needed a phone both for work and personal use and also for international use as I have a small business. Regardless of the number of telephones I have, I don't actually talk on the phone a lot so I use tracfone service for the US and Telestial abroad. The phone is great and works well with any GSM card I put in. Tracfone customer service is a little clueless about how to use the dual sim for two numbers, but basically you register both IMEI's that you can retrieve by dialig *#06# and register two sim that are GSM AT&T compatible. With telestial, I cut down my old sim into a micro sim and it works fine.The phone is great, easy to use, nice size, great photos (although not so great with close ups - you have to use an extra lens if you're really fussy). I can't say it has the high end feel of my other Samsung purchases, but technically it's great. It's flimsy in comparison to my Samsung galaxy tablets and to my Pentagram phone (which I bought in Poland and is still a great phone - it's Chinese and beautifully made). However, for$ 219 USD this Samsung J7 is a good purchase. My only minor complaint, which others have noticed as well, is that the volume is low and I might add, the bluetooth connection tends to drop. For me the bluetooth is a minor inconvenience as I have bluetooth earbuds for music, but if you're trying for business calls on this phone, it might not be the best option.
Perfect
I love the phone - only issue i have is the headphones are not working properly
Good buy
great cellphone. big and faster, and everithing u spect in a samsung. nothing new.
Everything excelent!
The production is working fine
Excellent
perfect...
This phone is great. I upgraded from a a Galaxy Note and this phone is faster.
Grate smartphone for the price. Performance is quite acceptable. Reception, Charge time, and Dual Sim. Product arrived on time. Thanks,
Very good phone work great.
Love this phone. Does everything i want it to and the replacable battery and upgradable memory options make me VERY happy i broke up with apple. Buy this phone. You wont regret it.
I love it..
Got one for my mom. Mom doesn't need a compass. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality (in a good way). Mom loves the phone!
Excelent!
Yes meet expectations.
The phone does not have wifi calling like my old phone did. I am disappointed, some reason it sometimes says the SD card is unmounted and a little while late it is back on. Other then these two issues it is good.
EXCELENTE
A bit slow but works well for the price.
I have not fully tested the functionalities of this Samsung J7 phone, but I am satisfied with what I am seeing so far. I only have two issues to date:1. I cannot find the schedule auto off/on function2. There is no available English user manual for the phone either built within the phone or on any website.
Excelent product, in Argentina works perfect. Thanks
Excellent!!!
I am enjoying the phone. I like the size and it is fast. But, it has started auto rebooting repeatedly during the day which makes me have to sign back into my Google play. Is there something I can do to stop that from happening. Otherwise I am pleased. Arrived on time in a original box.
I purchase our first J7 for my wife and she was happy. Mind you both of our phones were Google Nexus 5. I just purchased a J7 for my use.My Nexus was starting to shut off.Other then getting use to the way it works I have no problems. No led notification light work around is a app called noled. Then the only other two apps I need was Google now launcher and Google Keyboard.I like the larger screen and the fact it has a larger screen.Update 11/15/16After having the phone for some time. Here is what I like.1. Larger Screen2. Longer Battery Life3. Works as well as my Nexus 5Here is what I dislike.1. Compass app will not. but this is a minor issue.
Perfecto
Excellent !!... Is a grate cellphone.
All good, works fine speedy delivery
it's very nice
Very nice phone! Performs extremely well for the price! I'm in love.
Just barely underperforms the s6 at half the price. And apparently (from what I've read) the s6 has a lot of annoying features that make it harder to repair when it breaks, but this phone does not have those iphone-esque features. I definitely get the best bang for my buck with this phone.
Wow I can't say much more than that about this phone. It took me awhile to finaly lay my hands on one. These phones Galaxy J7 are awesome dual sim cards micro sd card slot up to 128 gb. Samsung needs to sell these in the States. You can find them on Amazon but be prepaird to wait they sell out as quick as they get them in. Is unlocked works great with T Mobil or Metro PCS and other carriers(check with carrier you use). I read a review on Amazon and I was hooked. Removeable battery better than 6 Edge or others expandable memory. Very good price $ 230 to 270$. Do your homework you cant beat this phone for the price and what it can do.
excellent thanks
Two things you should know. First....this phone takes a MICRO sim card....NOT a NANO sim card. However,If your previous phone took a nano this is really not a problem, since if you take the phone (OR JUST THE CARD) into a main ATT store (or other carriers main store) they will switch cards for you free in a few minutes. I was told, however, that, at least for ATT, their local "stand alone" offices will charge you $25.00. BRING A DRIVERS LICENSE Second, as advertised, this phone is a dual sim model and,to me at least, it was a little confusing as to which slots the sims cards (or card) went into and which slot the memory card went into. After removing the back cover, towards the upper right, you will see 3 slots. The 2 on the right are above and below each other respectfully. The top slot is for the MICRO sim card no.1 one. The bottom slot is for an external memory card, if you wish to insert one. The sole slot on the left is for sim card no.2 if you wish to use one. ENJOY !
great phone
Very nice phone. Had some problems when it arrived. Everything was in spanish. Once got language straightened out. and got the correct size simm card, Works great. Love it.
Excellent
Great phone, replaces my Samsung galaxy 4 very nicely. Good price.
One of my favorite and least regrettable purchase. This Samsung J7 phone exceed all my expectations. I would DEFINITELY recommend it and buy it again. The delivery was also very speedy.
I bought (2) J7 Galaxy's unlocked and they are fine. No issues with any of my sim chips or app's. The processor appears to be adequate for my needs.
Really glad I made this choice...Im in love with the phone. great size lightweight.
working very good for me!!.
I absolutely love it. It has great battery life, an amazing vivid screen, and great endurance to minir drops on hard surfaces. I can end the day with over half of my battery left.
i like it so much..for its performance its quite fast..
works excellent, needed volume peak, now ok
great
Every thing was perfect! 10 pts!
The volume is too low everything else is great
This a great phone
Got this for my sister and she loves it!
This phone is great. I upgraded from a a Galaxy Note and this phone is faster.
Grate smartphone for the price. Performance is quite acceptable. Reception, Charge time, and Dual Sim. Product arrived on time. Thanks,
Very good phone work great.
Simular to the galaxy grand prime phone but over better to battery life and storage space and screen size i really am satified for the $$$ spent.
So far I love this phone. The real test will be how it works on an upcoming trip to South America. The company shipped it within two days, and it arrived intact and promptly. I was looking for an unlocked phone with two SIM cards that would work globally. The price was great, too! Wonderful service and wonderful phone. I emailed a few questions to Surge, and they responded immediately, even though it was definitely after business hours.
I just received mine! I absolutely love this phone trust me you won't regret purchasing this phone. It's a beauty.
Excellent phone. Great for dual providers. Excellent version of Android, Super fast. No dropped calls on LTE. Fantastic.
Amazing phone, can't ask for better. Good value for the price.
Great product and timely delivery..as advertised..
This is by far the Best Smart Phone I have had. I use tracfone service, inserted the sim card and my micro SD and it works perfectly, no problems, no calls to tracfone. It does Not have the Marshmallow 6.0, that's ok with me, I did some research and the 2016 J710 is $350-$400 which I did Not want to pay for a phone that mostly sits in my purse. The only problem I had was figuring out that the Micro SD card gets inserted immediately Above the sim card, I had to consult the owners manual for that.
verry good
very nice phone and camera , no issues so far
Great
Good for the price, looks expensive. My friends thought it was s7 when he saw me with it the first time. It has a large screen too. The dual sim feature is always a plus for any phone. The 4G LITE feature is also present. The pictures are great, even if the environment is not very well lit.
Love my new phone, perfect size. great value!
I love my new phone and it works real good. My only complaint is why does it have to be so big. By the time you add protectice screen and case thu phone is like a small tablet and quite heavy.
great !
Awesome phone. Midrange phone? - Not to me. lol price wise, this is worth it
Ok so I thought I did all of my research before buying this phone to find something that was under $300 with NFC...the specs on the J700M has NFC on every website I checked, and even the manual on this page but my phone does not have it. I have dual SIM which I don't even need, but don't have the one feature I really wanted. I was so disappointed I wanted to return it. I just returned a Moto X because it was really buggy (screen turned into pink stripes) and ate ALL my SIM cards so I really didn't want to go through that again.Ok that being said, this phone is so awesome for everything else! It has a nice display, nice camera, really looks exactly like my husband's note 5! I am trying to get used to the keyboard. It's a little too sensitive and doesn't have that feature where you slide around to each letter to type words..I kinda miss that. Anyway, phone has no flaws, no pauses, not freezing or overheating. Screen looks amazing! Battery life is awesome I barely put this thing down since 8 am and it's almost 8pm and I have 30% battery left! The quality is just way more than I expected that I cannot return it. I am just gonna find a way to get NFC in this phone. Maybe rooting? If anyone knows how to do this please let me know! And I think I can find another keyboard. It's only been 2 days, so I'm still trying to figure stuff out but I can't understand why his phone is not sold in the US?!? My SIM works better in this phone than the phones that I actually bought in the US! All of my phone calls are clear on WiFi and cellular and always have service. Im using T-Mobile.
Its very good ^~^
The phone finally arrived (2nd attempt) but it was worth the wait. Beautiful phone. I have no problems with it so far.
Excellent product! Really new and unlocked. Thank you!
I really like this phone. It works smooth and processes fast. Music and videos play clear and without any problems. The size (5.5") of the screen and the overall size of the phone is perfect. This came as unlocked for the Americas region. But it came with instructions that to use this phone outside of the Americas, you have to make a cumulative 5 minute call with an American SIM card. When I inserted a Philippine SIM card in Roaming mode, a popup appeared to type an unlock code. So I followed the directions and made calls with ATT and TMobile. Then I inserted the Philippine SIM card again and it worked! No unlock code required. I will be going to Asia in a few months and will find out if this phone is truly unlocked outside of the Americas region.
Before buying this phone, I bought and returned 2 other phones: ZTE and Honor 5x. This one, the J7, is a keeper. I can't see anything negative about it so far.Appearance: looks great, perfect 5.5" basic HD display. Because it's plastic rather than metal, it's not heavy. It's very slim so can fit nicely in your pocket or small handbag.Performance: finally a phone that pairs and keeps Bluetooth connection, rather than drops it after 10 minutes (which plagues many Android 5.1 devices). Reception seems fine, not better or worse than other phones, my signal showing around -73, the same as other phones. Call quality was perfect, clear, loud on speakerphone, and the other party had no difficulty hearing me either. It has been documented that plastic phones are better than metal when it comes to signal. As I look for a phone that works well as a "phone" rather than everything but, signal and call quality are super important to me.Camera: can't go wrong with 13 mp back camera. Clear, sharp photos that you can edit with the help of many photo apps out there. And because of the nice, crisp screen, your photos look good.Battery: 3000 mAh seem to last forever. It comsumes Zero power at night on standby. Charged it to 100% before going to bed and in the morning it's still 100%.I like the fact that is has a micro sim (2 slots) rather than the invisible nano, which I will probably lose within 2 seconds of handling it never to be found. Huge expansion storage on micro sd card, which cleverly slides on top of sim 1 to save space.My phone was purchased "used, like new" from JP Mobiles, arrived very fast, as new looking as can be. It was a little over $200, which is great price for a fantastic phone, when you think that people shell out a thousand bucks for a phone that may not be any better than this one.
I have purchased this unlocked & it works fine in my country- India without any issues. Just inserted SIM & it was ready.
Great phone so far and fast shipping!
good phone
I love this phone. Easy to navigate. Great service, easy to use and just the right size. The "Note" is too big for me, but this is a great size.I would buy again, but hope I don't need a new phone for years to come. I am not one who needs a new phone every year .
I love this phone, I hope I am able to keep it. I don't know about the recall!
The camera is not very good as I expected.
It's good
Great
Great phone for price! Takes good pics. Easy to understand if you are familiar with Android.Love the larger size of the phone.
Excellent
Product is better than expected. Received as promised and works perfectly for what I needed.
Very good phone as a good as a galaxy s7 the phone is fast and has 1.5 gb of ram.
Good quality and very fast. Love it !
Loving it great product for its price easy to use... excellent was ipone user ... this phone is great!
I am very pleased with this phone. The fonts the themes the size of the phone and definitely the camera. (Mainly the clarity and front flash) Everything Is perfect. Upon receiving the phone I had to get a new Sim card from at&t because my iPhone 5 Sim card was too small. However the representatives at at&t couldn't connect the internet. I was initially mad upset distraught everything u would imagine. So I got home and immediately came home and contacted costumer service. They were very helpful and assured me that the phone is compatible with at&t. They gave me some tips on resolving the issue. I don't know what I did exactly but I did get the internet working and over all I'm enjoying my new phone. I highly reccomend this phone to anyone looking for something new.
It's beautiful, fast and easy to manage. I recomend it
Absolutely ! the best phone i have ever owned ,i really like this phone,great quality ! they thought of everything when creating this phone and at a great price,thanks so much :)
Excelent phone for the price. Great camara.
good one.
Really a great phone. I can't imagine sticking yourself to a contract to get a phone instead of purchasing this. Very fast and battery life is amazing, especially if you put it in Batter Saver mode (I can't tell that it changes the performance at all)
Excellent phone. Great screen size and very good speed. Battery charge duration is really good and it is fully recharged in a short time.
Purchased this because I liked my old Galaxy S3 and just did not want to spend the money for the newer Galaxy S line. It is a good phone, great battery life from my perspective, and charges fast. I just popped in my sim card from my S3 phone (AT&T carrier). There was a wizard-type setup that led me through configuring it, and it offered the opportunity to re-install my old apps. You definitely want to take the option to edit on this one and deselect any old stuff that you don't use anymore (or that was bloatware installed by your carrier). If you want lots of detail about this phone, look for a reviewer named Daisy. Daisy provided great information and that is what gave me the confidence to take the plunge to buy this phone. I've had my phone for a little over a month and there are no problems. (The only thing that was a little tricky to get going again was my visual voicemail, but that was resolved by resetting my password and setting it up from scratch.) Based on my experience with this phone, we will go with the J line for future phone replacements in my family. Tip: You can see some variant of the J7 if you go to a T.mobile store. I did that because I wanted to experience the size/weight in hand before I purchased. BTW, when you are looking for accessories, you need to know whether this phone is a "2015" or a "2016". It's a 2015, based on the processor (Octa Core 1.5GHz) identified on the plastic screen overlay it shipped with.
It was excellent. Thank you.
Great phone. Very bright and easy to read display. My battery lasts about 4 days on one charge with moderate use.This is the version you want, other sellers on Amazon are selling the cheaper version which does not have LTE support.
Looks, feels and works like a charm
Great Price!
Love the new Samsung Galaxy J7. Features are great....just wish I can get to master a lot of them. My only criticism is that the phone does not appear to have a microphone at the bottom like most other models, and the tone quality seems to suffer. Otherwise great phone.
Why pay so much for smart phones? This one is perfect. Easy for a newbie also.
Protects fine!
EXELENT
Hardly ever use my cell, except when traveling, but so far, this phone is great. Very nice clear, easy to see screen.
So far so good. This phone is great, the only problem I'm having is, where does the sd card go?I've read the Manuel, and cannot find a slot for the card.Can anyone help me?This phone us absolutely awesome. I use straight talk, and was surprised to learn its reconfigured itself to be AT &T, no problems so far.I'm so glad I read the reviews and bought it. You can't go wrong, this phone is worth every penny!!!
Love this cell phone. Great camera. Good sound quality. Love the capacity to use two sim cards simultaneously.
great cellphone. big and faster, and everithing u spect in a samsung. nothing new.
Everything excelent!
The production is working fine
Excellent
perfect...
Works well couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Just popped in my sim from my service provider and I was ready to go
Best deal in my lifetime. Works perfect. I bought one for my wife.
Received phone on time and is better than we could've hoped for!!
I love my phone
Love this phone. It has what I need without overdoing anything..
Very very nice phone - for any price. Makes me wonder why I pay so much for my iPhone 6 plus. Planning to use this on a Asia trip and use a local SIM for data while retaining my US phone number and SMS. This phone is plenty fast, the display is very nice (the AMOLED display is arguably nicer than the iPhone IPS LED - colors really pop out, never knew what reviewers meant until now). Camera takes decent pictures. I suspect the iPhone has a much brighter lens (smaller f-stop) as the indoor shots can have motion blur - plusthe iphone 6+ has image stabilization, which I guess I am starting to miss on this phone. Tried to register the phone in the USA Samsung site but it won't take the IMEI or serial number. Perhaps it's not supported in the US. In the meantime, I have popped 2 AT& SIMs in to test it out and it works. The "SIM card manager" function complains that some services on the SIMs are not working, but I seem to be able to get phone calls and SMS on both SIMs, and data on the primary SIM that I chose. So I don't know what to make of it. All my key apps on iOS are available on Android except iMessage and handoff to Mac - those 2 could very well prove to be the be killer apps that force me back to iOS. Bluetooth connections to cars and speakers work great. Speaker on phone is crap, but not of concern. The power switch is SUPER sensitive - light touches will turn it on when the phone is completely turned off. Seems to take a long time to fully charge too. Will update on how it performs on my trip.
Great phone
Excellent phone. I bought it few days ago and so far I'm very happy with it (knock! knock!). Dual sim works like a charm with T-Mobile and AT&T providers. When setting it up, message said that I can only have one LTE service with another at slower speed but now I enjoy both (don't know how it happened). So with a touch of a finger I can flip between 2 different carriers - Sim 1 or Sim 2 and I love it! So instead of 2 phones, I carry only one. Also great reassurance from a company who sold this phone and shipped by Amazon. They sent me email explaning what kind of phone is it and telling me to contact them, if something is not up to my satisfaction. As of now, I strongly recommend this phone.
Excelente
Arrived quickly. Bought as a present and no complaints yet, so assume it's all okay.
This phone works perfectly. It works with tmoblie USA and Telmex Mexico. Large screen is awesome as well as speed is awesome. The battery charge seems to last forever.
Good product
Good phone at great price . Just what I need.
Applied very well. Wish the screen protector was just a tiny bi bigger to get all the way to the edge. But it works well where it is needed.
This was a gift for someone.Rating it by the way it looked and felt.
:D
By far this phone is pretty good for the price and is comparable with Galaxy s6 and 7.. Great camera speed and memory...
Excellent, very fast. I realy like!
The phone finally arrived (2nd attempt) but it was worth the wait. Beautiful phone. I have no problems with it so far.
Excellent product! Really new and unlocked. Thank you!
I really like this phone. It works smooth and processes fast. Music and videos play clear and without any problems. The size (5.5") of the screen and the overall size of the phone is perfect. This came as unlocked for the Americas region. But it came with instructions that to use this phone outside of the Americas, you have to make a cumulative 5 minute call with an American SIM card. When I inserted a Philippine SIM card in Roaming mode, a popup appeared to type an unlock code. So I followed the directions and made calls with ATT and TMobile. Then I inserted the Philippine SIM card again and it worked! No unlock code required. I will be going to Asia in a few months and will find out if this phone is truly unlocked outside of the Americas region.
Before buying this phone, I bought and returned 2 other phones: ZTE and Honor 5x. This one, the J7, is a keeper. I can't see anything negative about it so far.Appearance: looks great, perfect 5.5" basic HD display. Because it's plastic rather than metal, it's not heavy. It's very slim so can fit nicely in your pocket or small handbag.Performance: finally a phone that pairs and keeps Bluetooth connection, rather than drops it after 10 minutes (which plagues many Android 5.1 devices). Reception seems fine, not better or worse than other phones, my signal showing around -73, the same as other phones. Call quality was perfect, clear, loud on speakerphone, and the other party had no difficulty hearing me either. It has been documented that plastic phones are better than metal when it comes to signal. As I look for a phone that works well as a "phone" rather than everything but, signal and call quality are super important to me.Camera: can't go wrong with 13 mp back camera. Clear, sharp photos that you can edit with the help of many photo apps out there. And because of the nice, crisp screen, your photos look good.Battery: 3000 mAh seem to last forever. It comsumes Zero power at night on standby. Charged it to 100% before going to bed and in the morning it's still 100%.I like the fact that is has a micro sim (2 slots) rather than the invisible nano, which I will probably lose within 2 seconds of handling it never to be found. Huge expansion storage on micro sd card, which cleverly slides on top of sim 1 to save space.My phone was purchased "used, like new" from JP Mobiles, arrived very fast, as new looking as can be. It was a little over $200, which is great price for a fantastic phone, when you think that people shell out a thousand bucks for a phone that may not be any better than this one.
I have purchased this unlocked & it works fine in my country- India without any issues. Just inserted SIM & it was ready.
Great phone so far and fast shipping!
Great phone!! Fast, powerfull and nice look.4g lte works perfect in south america
good phone
I love this phone. Easy to navigate. Great service, easy to use and just the right size. The "Note" is too big for me, but this is a great size.I would buy again, but hope I don't need a new phone for years to come. I am not one who needs a new phone every year .
I love this phone, I hope I am able to keep it. I don't know about the recall!
I love the phone - only issue i have is the headphones are not working properly
Good buy
Nice feel, good resolution
Why buy an S7??????
Such an upgrade for not that expensive of a phone! Great big screen. No problems so far. A lot of storage. Bought a memory card as well but with 16 GB don't NEED it. But I take a lot of pictures and have a lot of music. Camera is great. Does get very warm/hot when plugged in and playing high usage video games on it. Have to keep it plugged in though because game drains battery to quick. Owned a couple months now. Loving it.
We just received our 2015 Galaxy J7 "US Version" phone and are very pleased with it. HOWEVER, the model is listed as a dual simm model, capable of holding 2 simm cards at the same time so you can have up to 2 separate lines by use of 2 separate simm card holders. When we set up the phone, the left simm card holder was missing, replaced by a plastic insert to fill the hole. I ended up calling Samsung customer service to find out why the holder was missing and found out that only the "International Version" cones as a dual simm model. The "US Version'' is only manufactured as a single simm model, but if you only have 1 line, the missing simm holder makes no difference. It appears that the seller just used the same description on both versions by error. NOTE -3 things - First, I am only writing about the 2015 models. I don't know if all this is true on the 2016 models - they a completely different phones even though the name is the same. Second - be warned - 'International Versions" have dual simms but also appear to have either 90 day or zero warranties versus this "US Version" which has a 1 year Samsung warranty. Third - I have also notified Amazon about this problem but it didn't sound like they would correct the listing.
Bought this for wifey and it does what it should, has good speed, easy to navigate thru and use. Will need to add an app for ring tones, as the ones that come installed with it are minimal. We use StraitTalk on it with no problems.
My daughter loves her new phone
Protects fine!
EXELENT
The phone is well constructed and looks more expensive than it really costs. However, the back cover is made of plastic, which it less attractive.
Hardly ever use my cell, except when traveling, but so far, this phone is great. Very nice clear, easy to see screen.
So far so good. This phone is great, the only problem I'm having is, where does the sd card go?I've read the Manuel, and cannot find a slot for the card.Can anyone help me?This phone us absolutely awesome. I use straight talk, and was surprised to learn its reconfigured itself to be AT &T, no problems so far.I'm so glad I read the reviews and bought it. You can't go wrong, this phone is worth every penny!!!
Love this cell phone. Great camera. Good sound quality. Love the capacity to use two sim cards simultaneously.
So far it has been a pleasure, no complaints!
Very good
Excellent performance
I was not familiar with this particular phone. The reviews really helped me to make the decision to purchase the Samsung J7. It arrived a couple of days earlier thanks to Amazon delivering on Sundays. It arrived undamaged in a well packaged box. The phone is all I expected it to be and I am completely satisfied with it. It even does not have the battery problems of the S7. I have used the phone now for a few weeks and it has operated perfectly. The funny part is that both AT&T and Best Buy did not know this phone existed. My suggestion is to research before spending $600.00 + for one of the recent phones of any brand.Samsung Galaxy J7 J700M, 16GB, Dual SIM LTE, Factory Unlocked (Gold)
Im using this phone in the USA on Cricket network for both lines...works like a charm! This phone is responsive, has beautiful color and after a full month of using it, ive had no issues with it. Its a beautiful phone and I love it!
Have used for about a month, and am very pleased. I did end up going out of the USA a week after buying the phone, so did make sure I made a 5 minute outgoing call. When I arrived in New Zealand I put in a second SIM card and it worked fine for 2 Degrees in New Zealand. I've been able to figure out the settings I've needed pretty easily, and the battery life is good, keeping a charge over multiple days. I'm enjoying this phone.
It is just as fast and good as my friends' Samsung Galaxy S6s. Great price for a quality phone.
So far so good!
Love this phone. Does everything i want it to and the replacable battery and upgradable memory options make me VERY happy i broke up with apple. Buy this phone. You wont regret it.
I love it..
Got one for my mom. Mom doesn't need a compass. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality (in a good way). Mom loves the phone!
Excelent!
Yes meet expectations.
The phone does not have wifi calling like my old phone did. I am disappointed, some reason it sometimes says the SD card is unmounted and a little while late it is back on. Other then these two issues it is good.
Easy to use, easy on the eyes. Perfect for my use
I am satisfied with this product and it's price range thanks for the delivery time.
I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now. Still getting use to the size (upgraded from Galaxy S3 Mini), huge difference. I love the battery life of this phone. Had no problem with transferring all information from old phone to this one.Only have a couple of problems so far:1. Not compatible with some Apps I had installed on old phone2. No GPS3. Can't register with Samsung4. Showing up as "unknown phone" with my carrier
Had this now for a month.Works well - everything as expected.Hard to find a good case for it.This is a regional phone so concerned I may not be able to use it overseas.no mirror screen to TV
Excellent product
10000 points!
Samsung J7 so far loving it. phone look and feel is great, battery life is great, performance is great. I am watching closely during the 30 day warranty and hope everything continues to be great. Package had no extras, no phone case or screen protector.So far this is a great lower end Samsung option for the price but I am so far very happy.Lots of videos available on utube if you need help doing anything with the phone e.g. which slot to place SIM card or SD card of if you have 2 SIM how to set it up with the SD card.Thumbs up Samsung!
Everything as expected, thanks.
A very nice smartphone. Could not link to my current Verizon account, but it does work well with my Wi-Fi. Fast, and light weight.
The phone comes with a charger, battery, and headphones. It has a solid build that feels like a flagship phone. It is Android so it comes with all those great features. My grandma uses the phone in easy mode which has the apps in a bigger size and easier to navigate interface. It is perfect for her.
i bought this as a gift for someone that lives outside the US and they absolutely love the performance
Very good phone
Great phone! Factory unlocked. Im using it in the U.S and Mexico
The Samsung J7 is great value for the price, the camera and battery life is awesome!
I absolutely love this phone! I think it's usually compared to the S7 and that's understandable. It's about the same size and the features are very similar. I don't have any complaints to tell. Unlike my last Samsung phone this hasn't freezed while using it and I've been using it for almost a month now. If anything changes I'll be sure to repost but as of now I'm enjoying my phone.
great phone
Keep in mind this is a dual mini chip phone though in US companies freaked at the idea of using 2 chips... only negative is it refreshes all the time.... while messaging etc. If you're long winded like me this can be frustrating.
ok so I wrote a review that my phone came to in in French. I had to go to ATT and the rep there was able to figure it out and set it to english. Phone it self seems to be great but I haven't really used it yet. So to recap... If it comes to you in another language, your provider should be able to fix it so you don't have to send it back...
good product. thanks
So far so good. It was a gift for my son who wants to play games as all teenagers uses their phone nowadays and he is very happy with that.
Wow I can't say much more than that about this phone. It took me awhile to finaly lay my hands on one. These phones Galaxy J7 are awesome dual sim cards micro sd card slot up to 128 gb. Samsung needs to sell these in the States. You can find them on Amazon but be prepaird to wait they sell out as quick as they get them in. Is unlocked works great with T Mobil or Metro PCS and other carriers(check with carrier you use). I read a review on Amazon and I was hooked. Removeable battery better than 6 Edge or others expandable memory. Very good price $ 230 to 270$. Do your homework you cant beat this phone for the price and what it can do.
excellent thanks
Two things you should know. First....this phone takes a MICRO sim card....NOT a NANO sim card. However,If your previous phone took a nano this is really not a problem, since if you take the phone (OR JUST THE CARD) into a main ATT store (or other carriers main store) they will switch cards for you free in a few minutes. I was told, however, that, at least for ATT, their local "stand alone" offices will charge you $25.00. BRING A DRIVERS LICENSE Second, as advertised, this phone is a dual sim model and,to me at least, it was a little confusing as to which slots the sims cards (or card) went into and which slot the memory card went into. After removing the back cover, towards the upper right, you will see 3 slots. The 2 on the right are above and below each other respectfully. The top slot is for the MICRO sim card no.1 one. The bottom slot is for an external memory card, if you wish to insert one. The sole slot on the left is for sim card no.2 if you wish to use one. ENJOY !
great phone
Very nice phone. Had some problems when it arrived. Everything was in spanish. Once got language straightened out. and got the correct size simm card, Works great. Love it.
Excellent
Very good phone
It was a gift for a friend, but she likes it a lot.
Until now is working very well
Simular to the galaxy grand prime phone but over better to battery life and storage space and screen size i really am satified for the $$$ spent.
So far I love this phone. The real test will be how it works on an upcoming trip to South America. The company shipped it within two days, and it arrived intact and promptly. I was looking for an unlocked phone with two SIM cards that would work globally. The price was great, too! Wonderful service and wonderful phone. I emailed a few questions to Surge, and they responded immediately, even though it was definitely after business hours.
I just received mine! I absolutely love this phone trust me you won't regret purchasing this phone. It's a beauty.
Excellent phone. Great for dual providers. Excellent version of Android, Super fast. No dropped calls on LTE. Fantastic.
Amazing phone, can't ask for better. Good value for the price.
Good product !!
very good, except I thought it comes with a memory card
I have only had the device for a week now but so far so good. This is the reason for only 4 stars... if it continues to hold up and work as expected that rating would definitely go to 5 stars.I am happy with the size and speed of the phone. The ability to use it as a "Bring Your Own Phone" was awesome as I use this with the Tracefone service and got triple minutes because of the phone. Was also very happy to see it hit 4G service.The only thing that worried me for a short time was when I first inserted the sim card and booted up the phone and it's base language was spanish! I thought I was in big trouble until the final phase of setup when it switched to English for me automatically. The Sim card and my SD card went in very easily after I figured out where the slot for the SD card was! The documentation is thin and vague even with a picture which doesn't illustrate the slots very well, or at least label the drawings. Turns out the SD card went into the same slot connector as the sim card, only on top of the sim card. I guess this is new and seems to save room inside for the dual sims. You can use dual sim cards but it does not appear to switch between them automatically... some interaction is required.Still learning about all the features and how to get the most out of the 13mp front camera.
I love everything about this phone. It works perfect 95% of the time. The problem is that on occasion the media/main speaker on the back of the phone will turn off and all sound will emit from the small phone speaker on the screen side. This is fixable by restarting the phone which takes maybe 15 seconds tops. I love the screen size, its comparable to the iPhone 6. Very customizable interface, as Android always is. Never have a problem with apps closing or freezing. Long battery, especially with the power save option. With regular use (using apps, internet, GPS, calling and texting), I can make the battery last an entire weekend. Camera is also great quality, front and back, ans has a lot of built in editing. I would recommend this phone to anyone.
After the last Samsung purchase (Note II in 2012) was disappointed to see the manufacturer slowly veer away from what mainly made it stand out from the Apple phones - removable battery and external SDHC card support.This phone is unlocked and supports dual sim which suits international travel needs of mine.So far am loving it because it only used up 3% battery in over 24 hours while sitting on the desk in standby mode.
Excelente
The item is perfect! The seller was quick to respond to my needs when I had a question. Very satisfied!
Great phone, replaces my Samsung galaxy 4 very nicely. Good price.
One of my favorite and least regrettable purchase. This Samsung J7 phone exceed all my expectations. I would DEFINITELY recommend it and buy it again. The delivery was also very speedy.
I bought (2) J7 Galaxy's unlocked and they are fine. No issues with any of my sim chips or app's. The processor appears to be adequate for my needs.
Really glad I made this choice...Im in love with the phone. great size lightweight.
working very good for me!!.
I absolutely love it. It has great battery life, an amazing vivid screen, and great endurance to minir drops on hard surfaces. I can end the day with over half of my battery left.
i like it so much..for its performance its quite fast..
works excellent, needed volume peak, now ok
Everything about this phone is great except I seem to have a unit with a defective antenna.The signal bars are 1-3 at home, mostly 1 or sometimes nil.I live in a remote location I must state.The signal bars however have always been 2-4 or randomly 5 on my previous Samsung devices.(SIII; Grand; Grand Neo; Grand II)I have used these in the same remote location over the past years.To be sure, I switched the SIMs back into each old unit and voila! higher bars with all of them.So there must be an issue with the antenna of my J7.Unless of course others are experiencing similar issues then it is the model itself.Hey I still get service so I left it alone rather than go through a return process.Perhaps just my luck with phones dating back to my first which I had to replace 3 times
The phone met my expectations . I love it.
Ok
Fue best phone o ever had
I saved about $350.00 by choosing this phone over the Galaxy S7. I am happy with my choice. It did take me a little while to get my files transferred from an HTC M1 8. But I managed, even texts, mail, contacts, music etc. I bought the phone for it's long battery life. I use the phone for work and play. I play golf and use an app and the GPS for the golf app can drain the phone leaving little or now power for work. Boo hoo. So, the J7 performs as advertised on the power front. I bought an extra battery, so I don't have to charge in the middle of the golf course and all is well. But the battery is so good, that I still have 75 percent of it after a full round of golf. The rest of the stuff, camera, phone, bluetooth, etc. work like they all do. Weak speakers, I mean really weak ... like "high" on the J7 is like nearly mute on the HTC. Just saying. If I listen to music or watch a you tube clip, it works fine. But I think they probably save the $300 on the speaker alone. I am not complaining. I use vibrate for alerts, calls, etc. but if you use this phone you might think you are losing your hearing if you depend on the speaker. You're not. It's weak.
This is a wonderful phone. I purchased an AT&T Go Phone SIM for it and it works PERFECTLY - I had absolutely no difficulty in setting it up: just installed the SIM, went to AT&T's website for Go Phone SIM activation (I searched for the site in my browser), and purchased a service level. Voila! Instant access to all of my favorite mobile applications via Google Play. The phone opens and runs programs very quickly, even after installing 20+ programs. It displays on-demand movies as if I were watching them on a miniature HD TV. The gold case is super-slim, and the large screen displays very vibrant colors. My friends have already complemented me on it. It looks and functions like more expensive locked phones. I feel very lucky to have come across it on Amazon.
Brilliant cell phone! Fast, snappy, works well with plenty of useful apps.If you like to record your phone calls, some phones do not have the direct link to the received signal and need to use the phone microphone to record what the speaker says. Not this one, it records straight from the insides of the system very clearly. Of course you have to use the right App (I'm using Galaxy Call Recorder) but if you read that some phones have "issues" or need to turn the volume fully up to record calls, this one is not one of them. It records beautifully.On top of that dual sim, can take a 128GB micro SD card (some phones go up to 32 or 64), great screen, 13MP camera.Absolutely fantastic phone at a great price. I cannot tell what a more expensive model can offer that this one doesn't.
Excellent phone. This phone has two good features that higher end samsung phones have. They are quick launch of the camera by double tap of the home button and it has the theme store. The theme store is really cool. It changes the look of your home screen, apps, calendar and text msg and email app. I also have a note 4 and this phone is a little faster. I really love this phone and the performance really exceeds my expectations! I used it with AT&T and it works fine.
I purchased this phone for my daughter and she loved it. And I loved it too. I will recommend this phone.
I got this phone so I could use it with two SIMs for international travel purpose. I have not yet tested it outside the country. The set up was easy. It is nice to be able to remove the battery (and replace it if needed). It is a nice mid-level phone at a reasonable price. I was not able to upgrade it from android 5.1 to marshmellow.
luxury phone my favorite fast and had a great camera
Best phone ever
This is the best phone so far, everything about it is great. The quality of the videos and pictures are amazing. The only reason i don't rate five stars is because of the key board, its hard to space words because of it. Other than that its an amazing product and recomend it for those who want a good phone but cant afford those newer model, expensive phones.
Excellent smartphone everyone thinks its a higher budget phone all functionality works smoothly Bluetooth as well pairs with all my gadgets
I bought this for my son. His previous phone did not have sufficient storage. On this phone he was able to download all his favorite apps. I love the forward facing flash on this phone. I wish my phone had one. It is almost the same size as my note 4. He loved it.
It was deal, am happy.Thank you!
GREAT PHONE! GOOD PRICE
Works great in Argentina. the only low is that doesn't have auto brightness.
Great phone. The battery doesn't last very long but that is the only thing I can criticize.
love it
I got this phone and am amased at how good it really is. Unbelievably fast, ultra clear display and photos that are hard to believe came from a cell phone. I put in a 128gb memory card, and 2 sim cards and the phone works flawlessly. Switching from my private number to my business line is extremely fast and easy. I really love all the different ways to personalize this phone. I have had about 6 Samsungs and several other phones since my first phone (a motorola brick as it was called). My phone shows 4g LTE service and I am way out in the country. I used to stand in only a couple of areas of my home to get a signal on old phone and this one pulls the signal right in, in all rooms. You will not be unhappy or find this phone lacking in any way. We compared it with a friends S-7 Edge and found the only thing this one could not do, is light up it's side like the edge does. But, for $600 buck less, I can do without the fancy edge.
very good product with reasonable price
all ok
i like it, fast service, as saw at internet.
Excellent value for money.
I am extremely satisfied with this purchase. I needed a phone both for work and personal use and also for international use as I have a small business. Regardless of the number of telephones I have, I don't actually talk on the phone a lot so I use tracfone service for the US and Telestial abroad. The phone is great and works well with any GSM card I put in. Tracfone customer service is a little clueless about how to use the dual sim for two numbers, but basically you register both IMEI's that you can retrieve by dialig *#06# and register two sim that are GSM AT&T compatible. With telestial, I cut down my old sim into a micro sim and it works fine.The phone is great, easy to use, nice size, great photos (although not so great with close ups - you have to use an extra lens if you're really fussy). I can't say it has the high end feel of my other Samsung purchases, but technically it's great. It's flimsy in comparison to my Samsung galaxy tablets and to my Pentagram phone (which I bought in Poland and is still a great phone - it's Chinese and beautifully made). However, for$ 219 USD this Samsung J7 is a good purchase. My only minor complaint, which others have noticed as well, is that the volume is low and I might add, the bluetooth connection tends to drop. For me the bluetooth is a minor inconvenience as I have bluetooth earbuds for music, but if you're trying for business calls on this phone, it might not be the best option.
Perfect
EXCELENTE
A bit slow but works well for the price.
I have not fully tested the functionalities of this Samsung J7 phone, but I am satisfied with what I am seeing so far. I only have two issues to date:1. I cannot find the schedule auto off/on function2. There is no available English user manual for the phone either built within the phone or on any website.
Excelent product, in Argentina works perfect. Thanks
Excellent!!!
I am enjoying the phone. I like the size and it is fast. But, it has started auto rebooting repeatedly during the day which makes me have to sign back into my Google play. Is there something I can do to stop that from happening. Otherwise I am pleased. Arrived on time in a original box.
I purchase our first J7 for my wife and she was happy. Mind you both of our phones were Google Nexus 5. I just purchased a J7 for my use.My Nexus was starting to shut off.Other then getting use to the way it works I have no problems. No led notification light work around is a app called noled. Then the only other two apps I need was Google now launcher and Google Keyboard.I like the larger screen and the fact it has a larger screen.Update 11/15/16After having the phone for some time. Here is what I like.1. Larger Screen2. Longer Battery Life3. Works as well as my Nexus 5Here is what I dislike.1. Compass app will not. but this is a minor issue.
Perfecto
Excellent !!... Is a grate cellphone.
All good, works fine speedy delivery
Ok so I thought I did all of my research before buying this phone to find something that was under $300 with NFC...the specs on the J700M has NFC on every website I checked, and even the manual on this page but my phone does not have it. I have dual SIM which I don't even need, but don't have the one feature I really wanted. I was so disappointed I wanted to return it. I just returned a Moto X because it was really buggy (screen turned into pink stripes) and ate ALL my SIM cards so I really didn't want to go through that again.Ok that being said, this phone is so awesome for everything else! It has a nice display, nice camera, really looks exactly like my husband's note 5! I am trying to get used to the keyboard. It's a little too sensitive and doesn't have that feature where you slide around to each letter to type words..I kinda miss that. Anyway, phone has no flaws, no pauses, not freezing or overheating. Screen looks amazing! Battery life is awesome I barely put this thing down since 8 am and it's almost 8pm and I have 30% battery left! The quality is just way more than I expected that I cannot return it. I am just gonna find a way to get NFC in this phone. Maybe rooting? If anyone knows how to do this please let me know! And I think I can find another keyboard. It's only been 2 days, so I'm still trying to figure stuff out but I can't understand why his phone is not sold in the US?!? My SIM works better in this phone than the phones that I actually bought in the US! All of my phone calls are clear on WiFi and cellular and always have service. Im using T-Mobile.
Its very good ^~^
Purchased this because I liked my old Galaxy S3 and just did not want to spend the money for the newer Galaxy S line. It is a good phone, great battery life from my perspective, and charges fast. I just popped in my sim card from my S3 phone (AT&T carrier). There was a wizard-type setup that led me through configuring it, and it offered the opportunity to re-install my old apps. You definitely want to take the option to edit on this one and deselect any old stuff that you don't use anymore (or that was bloatware installed by your carrier). If you want lots of detail about this phone, look for a reviewer named Daisy. Daisy provided great information and that is what gave me the confidence to take the plunge to buy this phone. I've had my phone for a little over a month and there are no problems. (The only thing that was a little tricky to get going again was my visual voicemail, but that was resolved by resetting my password and setting it up from scratch.) Based on my experience with this phone, we will go with the J line for future phone replacements in my family. Tip: You can see some variant of the J7 if you go to a T.mobile store. I did that because I wanted to experience the size/weight in hand before I purchased. BTW, when you are looking for accessories, you need to know whether this phone is a "2015" or a "2016". It's a 2015, based on the processor (Octa Core 1.5GHz) identified on the plastic screen overlay it shipped with.
It was excellent. Thank you.
Great phone. Very bright and easy to read display. My battery lasts about 4 days on one charge with moderate use.This is the version you want, other sellers on Amazon are selling the cheaper version which does not have LTE support.
Meets my expectations so far, but a bit oversized for my small hand and normal sound colum is less than my old cheap LG phone.
Looks, feels and works like a charm
So far so good. This phone is great, the only problem I'm having is, where does the sd card go?I've read the Manuel, and cannot find a slot for the card.Can anyone help me?This phone us absolutely awesome. I use straight talk, and was surprised to learn its reconfigured itself to be AT &T, no problems so far.I'm so glad I read the reviews and bought it. You can't go wrong, this phone is worth every penny!!!
Love this cell phone. Great camera. Good sound quality. Love the capacity to use two sim cards simultaneously.
Great, doesn't come with bloatware.
I love my phone, got a 128gb storage card in it and it works even better...it does what I need it to do and I did not have to spend 500 to 600 dollars if I had bought the newest version.
This is a great all-round phone. I liked buying it online at Amazon because I could take my time and do some real comparison shopping before I made my choice.
Excelent product
works very good
good
Excelente
The item is perfect! The seller was quick to respond to my needs when I had a question. Very satisfied!
I am very pleased with this phone. The fonts the themes the size of the phone and definitely the camera. (Mainly the clarity and front flash) Everything Is perfect. Upon receiving the phone I had to get a new Sim card from at&t because my iPhone 5 Sim card was too small. However the representatives at at&t couldn't connect the internet. I was initially mad upset distraught everything u would imagine. So I got home and immediately came home and contacted costumer service. They were very helpful and assured me that the phone is compatible with at&t. They gave me some tips on resolving the issue. I don't know what I did exactly but I did get the internet working and over all I'm enjoying my new phone. I highly reccomend this phone to anyone looking for something new.
It's beautiful, fast and easy to manage. I recomend it
Absolutely ! the best phone i have ever owned ,i really like this phone,great quality ! they thought of everything when creating this phone and at a great price,thanks so much :)
Excelent phone for the price. Great camara.
good one.
Love this phone...takes superb pictures and the wide screen is great for the average movie lover
Really a great phone. I can't imagine sticking yourself to a contract to get a phone instead of purchasing this. Very fast and battery life is amazing, especially if you put it in Batter Saver mode (I can't tell that it changes the performance at all)
Excellent phone; at times it glitch freezes while on Youtube and auto reboots, but overall very satisfied with this phone!
Great Product & Fast shipping
Does everything the S5 does and more. Also does not have so much blot ware on it. Camera is amazing and it works great with T-Moble network
great phone.love it.
Came on time and works just fine!
Great
Working like a Samsung phone should. No problems so far. Excellent phone for the price. Most people have never heard of a Samsung J7. Glad I saw this on Amazon.
Brilliant cell phone! Fast, snappy, works well with plenty of useful apps.If you like to record your phone calls, some phones do not have the direct link to the received signal and need to use the phone microphone to record what the speaker says. Not this one, it records straight from the insides of the system very clearly. Of course you have to use the right App (I'm using Galaxy Call Recorder) but if you read that some phones have "issues" or need to turn the volume fully up to record calls, this one is not one of them. It records beautifully.On top of that dual sim, can take a 128GB micro SD card (some phones go up to 32 or 64), great screen, 13MP camera.Absolutely fantastic phone at a great price. I cannot tell what a more expensive model can offer that this one doesn't.
Excellent phone. This phone has two good features that higher end samsung phones have. They are quick launch of the camera by double tap of the home button and it has the theme store. The theme store is really cool. It changes the look of your home screen, apps, calendar and text msg and email app. I also have a note 4 and this phone is a little faster. I really love this phone and the performance really exceeds my expectations! I used it with AT&T and it works fine.
I purchased this phone for my daughter and she loved it. And I loved it too. I will recommend this phone.
Exactly what I expected
It's a cheaper but yet a very useful phone.. nothing like Samsung, right?
I really love it. It is an excelente phone and much cheaper than the S series. The flash in the front camera is unique. Worth the price. A bit heavy, though. And the gold version is cute. Highly recommendable. Even for men. Fits in the pocket as well although it's not that small
Very good relation cost/quality . Works great with 4G Movistar in Argentina . It goes very fast and I found it very practical.
Excelent
Seems to have everything as the gallaxy s7. Very satisfied
Very good
I like the slim profile of the Galaxy J7 J700M; the screen is sharp and bright. When I installed my two sim cards it immediately recognized each one. I was able to pair with my blue tooth in my car very quickly. It also takes great pictures. The speech to text messaging works well. My only concerns are : 1- that the strength of the wireless connection at times seems very weak (my other phones always showed a strong signal); 2- The width of the phone is at time awkward in the hand.The phone was delivered on time and in new condition; the battery charged up in a reasonable time.I am so far happy with this phone (after one week). I am using this phone on AT&T No contract Go Phone service.
I researched for a few weeks about phones. I am glad I went with this one. It isn't too but, or small. It does everything I need it to. Takes wonder detailed pictures! I keep phhones a few years. I have had it a little over 2 weeks. I love it. Sound quality of speakers is very good. I am very happy with this phone!
Works in USA, no problems getting 4G LTE Data
I love this phone
Good for the price, looks expensive. My friends thought it was s7 when he saw me with it the first time. It has a large screen too. The dual sim feature is always a plus for any phone. The 4G LITE feature is also present. The pictures are great, even if the environment is not very well lit.
Love my new phone, perfect size. great value!
I love my new phone and it works real good. My only complaint is why does it have to be so big. By the time you add protectice screen and case thu phone is like a small tablet and quite heavy.
great !
Awesome phone. Midrange phone? - Not to me. lol price wise, this is worth it
Everything as expected, thanks.
A very nice smartphone. Could not link to my current Verizon account, but it does work well with my Wi-Fi. Fast, and light weight.
The phone comes with a charger, battery, and headphones. It has a solid build that feels like a flagship phone. It is Android so it comes with all those great features. My grandma uses the phone in easy mode which has the apps in a bigger size and easier to navigate interface. It is perfect for her.
I provided this same review for my phone, which is the same phone in black. This is my wife's phone. Wonderful phones at less than half the price of the Galaxy S7. Fast processor. More than enough storage at 16GB vs. 32GB on the S7. And the RAM is 2GB vs. 4GB on the S7. Both have expandable micro SD capabilities. The resolution and pixel count is higher on the S7, but how important is that on a 5.5 inch screen (J7) vs. only 5.1 (S7). The images and video on the J7 are beautiful, and when I cast them to our home TV's they are as good as or better than what Prism TV offers. The cameras are nearly identical. Other than a few high-end teasers like Corning Gorilla Glass, Image Stabilization, water "resistance", and optional wireless charging, all only available on the S7; I, as a responsible adult cell phone user, who does not use the device for business purposes, can find NO REASON whatsoever to foolishly spend the $$ on the S7. I bought my wife and I each a new phone for less than one Galaxy S7. And I am the average user of music, movie, sports, and shopping apps. Trust me this phone is fine.
Still exploring the features but so far I am happy with it
The battery lasts forever, the colour is very nice, and it was much later than expected. The two bad characterstics about this phone are the call and ringer volume, and the camera is not great quality (especially in low light--it gets VERY grainy). If call sound quality (and volume) and a good camera are important to you then this is not the phone for you. But if you want a battery that seems to last forever (like days) then I'd say it's a winner.
In Ecuador works OKNo problem with the shipping or the product
This phone is perfect for me. I like that it is bigger than a typical phone so i can use both hands. There is a one hand option, but i prefer using both hands so a smaller phone drives me crazy. Ive had multiple samsung galaxys as well as iphones. This phone has everything i need personally. The speaker volume is the same as the others. For a low budget phone this is great. The only thing is that the camera isnt amazing, but that is unimportant to me. I can still take photos/ selfies.
👍
Good quality and very fast. Love it !
Loving it great product for its price easy to use... excellent was ipone user ... this phone is great!
I really love it, just like I ordered, great color, light, thin, and its camera Love the picture qualities, for selfies its awewome day and night, I tried the front flash in the dark of course during night and it is great. I couldnt expect any better. It came 4 days before the expected date. I bought from the seller BREED very responsible.
As expected. Week T-mobile signal in my house. Good for the price.
It works perfect, top quality shipping
Everything OK.
Very good phone its the best phone they ever made.
simply Love it
I am truly enjoying my J7. I am from Jamaica and it works great. I had a mini S4 before so the size of it shocked me, but I am getting use to it. The only issue I have was the lack of a default media player. I downloaded one from my ap store but it doesn't show all the songs on my SD card, but I know that they are there since I checked it on my computer. Other than that, it is a really good purchase compared to what is currently on the market
Good phone, great buy for the money. I wanted a premium phone without paying $500 or more, this phone meets my expectations, but don't expect a great camera. Would I like it to shoot as nice of photos as the S6, you bet, does it? No way. But for the $250 or more I saved, I can live with that. Make sure you get the M or F models. One reseller sent me the H/DS model which is cheaper and has different screen and processor even though it was listed as a 700F. Most people may not notice that, but there is a difference. Samsung makes different versions of the J7 for different regions of the world. Avoid the H/DS version, it doesn't have as good a display or processor.
It's great
Excelent service. I got no complain.
Good phone ...long battery duration. ..4 stars coz we cannot pair with it galaxy watches. ..
Great phone. Factory unlocked.
Selfie Phone. Take picture during night or dark lights not a problem.
My kid is fascinated with the cel
Well, a little confusing at first. I was upgrading from my old Samsung Galaxy Ace prototype I got SEVERAL years ago. After I finally got through the initial set up programing it is great so far....just got it yesterday. Very nice size and now that I have gotten into it a little, it seems super easy to use. Has all the old features I used all the time on my old phone. Would recommend HIGHLY!!
It have microSD slot
The phone has everything that I am looking for. It met all my expectation. It is as good as the Galaxy S6 or S7 without the big price tag.
great
Every thing was perfect! 10 pts!
The volume is too low everything else is great
This a great phone
Got this for my sister and she loves it!
Really great phone. I activated it with tracfones bring your own phone plan very easily. The guidebook does not say how to insert the sd card, but it can be inserted on top of the right sided SIM slot. There are two sim slots so you can have 2 different phone numbers if you like. I don't plan to, but it's a neat option.
excellent
good smartphone , operates in Venezuela in LTE , I use with my line Digitel .
Yep! I absolutely love this phone. It is so fast and easy to set up too. I am not overly tech savvy so I was worried I would never get everything set up correctly. It could not have been easier. I had read several reviews that talked about the phone coming in Spanish and it did BUT the option to switch from Spanish to English is right on the opening screen Easy peasy. All my apps transferred over...I have no idea how but am just happy they did. The phone is very light weight and the screens are clear and rich in color. I ordered a protective case and now I am all set! BTW I am 66 years old so if I can do this so can you!
very goods
I like the FM broadcast radio feature. It's not true that you have to use earphones. You can plug in an audio cord (like for patching into your car stero) or an old cheap set of earphones with the earphones cut off, and that will serve as an antenna and play the sound through the speaker. Very handy to have old fashioned radio on my phone. Other reviews have covered everything else.
A bit low on memory (1.5) and screen resolution 720p, but a great phone for the price.
Excellent product. Arrived on time and there's no problem using it in Argentina.
Wow.. amazing. Dont let the bad reviews fool you this phone it just as good as the $500+ phones .. I go through at least 3 phones a year for multiple reasons this is the best for a great price. At work today everyone had to check out my phone.. all i heard was " mine doesn't do/have that" and they have good quality cases for this phone so you are really getting a deal.
Just what I wanted......excellent features. loved it...
I love it, a good working phone with all the nice feature, absolutely would recommence this product to family and friend.Good seller, delivered on time as support to be.
Excellent buy
The camera is not very good as I expected.
It's good
Great
Great phone for price! Takes good pics. Easy to understand if you are familiar with Android.Love the larger size of the phone.
Excellent
Product is better than expected. Received as promised and works perfectly for what I needed.
Very good phone as a good as a galaxy s7 the phone is fast and has 1.5 gb of ram.
excellent
I loved the phone but, it freezes sometimes you have to reset but besides that's I love the phone and features the dual SIM is a problem had to use my 1 slot for international and remove my original SIM to put my international SIM in place,minor.
All perfect!
Love this phone, it's way better the the iPhone I had, keeps a long charge after much use.
Best Ever
I have not found anything that I don't like about this phone. Absolutely love it. Would definitely recommend.
Amazon, the best phone I had well received and I would like to say that what I had read in different reaction of the buyers are really not true.To this I would like to tell the truth of this phone. This is really a good phone, with good picture, good sound, good camara from in front and from the rear, that works fast, is very good package from Amazon.
This phone is absolutely phenomenal. I am very pleased with this purchase If you are a true techie and or just feel like you just have to pay $800-$900 for iPhone or the new Samsung Galaxy S7 you go right ahead. Of which neither one of those phones offer a dual SIMs card slots so that you can have both a personal or business line in one phone the technology is superb. Please pay attention and be aware that there are two models of this phone the j700h and the j700M/DS please do not make the mistake and order the j700h like I did to later realize that it was a older model once I realize the mistake I immediately cancel that order & ordered the correct model j700M/DS. Definitely read the information so that you won't make that mistake I almost mad but, I was fortunate enough to stop the payment of the initial order and then order of the correct phone. Like it says in the description this phone does not come with the Gorilla Glass but ordered a package of Gorilla Glass to fit this phone and it works perfectly problem solve. But again I want to reiterate thatyou need watch for the model number to be sure that you are getting the correct phone this phone is equivalent and better than the Samsung Note series. This is a great phone!!! I also wanted to mention that the J700M/DS is 4G LTE and that the j700H/DS is only 3G.
it works
Best phone ever for the price. Really fast and amazing screen.
My daughter loves her new phone
The Samsung galaxyj7 works awesome photos are marvelous I made a right decision in purchasing one
Great product and timely delivery..as advertised..
Pretty amazing phone for the price. It set up beautifully with my AT&T sim card. The only irks I have is that it doesn't have a dual sim card slot as advertised and this phone has no LED indicator lights. So if the phone is charging or a call or text comes in, no light blinks to let you know. You need to hit the button for home screen to see notifications. The dual sim card is annoying but not a deal breaker for me. The bottom line is you will get a quality phone for under 300 bucks that will keep up with the new trendy phones for twice the price. I've already had a few people ask me what model this phone is and how sharp it looks. It does look and feel like a very pricey phone. It is LTE which is essentially a 4G phone so it is fast. I love it and very happy with this purchase.
This is by far the Best Smart Phone I have had. I use tracfone service, inserted the sim card and my micro SD and it works perfectly, no problems, no calls to tracfone. It does Not have the Marshmallow 6.0, that's ok with me, I did some research and the 2016 J710 is $350-$400 which I did Not want to pay for a phone that mostly sits in my purse. The only problem I had was figuring out that the Micro SD card gets inserted immediately Above the sim card, I had to consult the owners manual for that.
verry good
very nice phone and camera , no issues so far
ok so I wrote a review that my phone came to in in French. I had to go to ATT and the rep there was able to figure it out and set it to english. Phone it self seems to be great but I haven't really used it yet. So to recap... If it comes to you in another language, your provider should be able to fix it so you don't have to send it back...
good product. thanks
So far so good. It was a gift for my son who wants to play games as all teenagers uses their phone nowadays and he is very happy with that.
Product as stated. Thank you for being a great Amazon seller. A +
My daughter loves this phone. Camera is awesome!
I love this phone. The price is perfect for the features that the phone has. I am very happy with my purchase. I am not really a tech savvy person, but this phone has gone beyond my expectations. 😆
The only complaint l have about this phone is that I cant change or assign different color texts alerts or phone notifications to a specific person.
Very good Cell although a bit large compared to the ones I've had to date. Chose this particular model for two reasons 16GB memory and 4GLTE.
Great phone! Better than expected. Upgraded from the Galaxy S4. :) Only downside my old phone I brought from Verizon and this one I had to go with a new sim card-ATT. Service is choppy, but not the phones fault. :)
Great phone so far and fast shipping!
Great phone!! Fast, powerfull and nice look.4g lte works perfect in south america
good phone
Excelente teléfono
For those of you in the US with AT&T this phone works perfectly. I could not be happier. My iPhone 6s Plus was having issues, so I decided to go with the Samsung Galaxy J7. When it arrived I popped in the Sim from my iPhone 6s Plus (With an adapter iphone has a nano, J7 is a micro) and turned on the phone. It came up perfectly, no configuration required. Even the tethering worked. If I had to say what are the cons the only thing I have found so far is the inability to turn off the shutter sound on the camera. I was worried about the camera quality because the iPhone is the gold standard, but changed the J7 to pro mode adjusted the iso even in low light the photos are good (if you leave it in auto I get too much noise in low light)I purchased an extra battery so I have a spare, a case on Amazon and the SD card 128GB.Would I buy it again, absolutely! The cost of my 128GB iphone 6S Plus was nearly $1000, this phone has similar performance, removable battery, SD slot and Dual SIMs for about $250 + $30 SD Card. Very Pleased!
Everything as expected.
If you're in the US and on ATT and are looking for a relatively inexpensive smartphone without a contract, this might just be it. I've tried some of the cheaper brands that Amazon sells. Phones intended for sale in the US from BLU, Huawei, and ZTE. All budget phones under 300 dollars. And then someone mentioned the Samsung J7 to me on another forum so I watched a bunch of videos and learned all I could. What I found was a phone far more capable at gaming that any other budget priced phone, and also a phone that happens to look quite premium. Outside of games it also performs pretty darned well. I'm very impressed.Here's what you give up when you decide to get this phone:- Ambient light sensor. Not a big deal to me. When I'm inside I keep my phone at about 20 percent brightness. When I go outside I use the Outdoors brightness option that this phone has and it performs beautifully. Much nicer than any of the other budget phones I've used outdoors.- Notification light (I kinda miss this, but it's not a huge deal)- Glass back (I don't care about this)- backlit keys on the bottom of the phone (I would like those, but after an hour or two your brain remembers exactly where those buttons are.The version of the phone I bought was the J700m. It's intended for use in the Americas (South and North). When you turn it on, it selects Spanish as the language for the phone, but it lets you scroll up and select English. From that point on everything is in English. Put your sim card in prior to turning it on the first time. I put my ATT sim in slot 1 (the slot to the right with the memory card slot immediately above it) and a memory card right above it and then booted up the phone. After a quick setup, I was into the phone and downloading my apps. I told Spotify to use the mem card to store music and it did it. Same for my podcast app. It's a cheap way to conserve the precious internal storage. Some other reviews of this phone at Amazon have stated it doesn't work with ATT. That's completely untrue. This version of the phone works beautifully with ATT. My LTE speeds are incredible. No problems whatsoever.Ive never used a phone with Touchwiz on it before but I read a lot of complaints about it. Personally I love it so far. It's incredibly configurable. You can change the entire look of the phone by adding new themes, of which there are a ton of free ones on the Samsung store. Some reviewers have mentioned that the phone as a lot of bloatware. Also untrue. My phone had the usual Google apps and a couple from Microsoft (like Onedrive). There were no Game demos etc. Of the 16 gigs of internal storage, I had about 11 gig free when I turned it on for the first time.Bottom line is that this is a great budget/mid-range phone that is built to handle the networks in the Americas. For me that means ATT. I couldn't be happier with the phone.Update #1:Battery life after the first few days is incredible. It only has Lollipop 5.1.1 on it but when the screen is off (especially at night), it consumes almost no battery. I sleep for about 8 hours and when I wake up, 1 percent has been used. That's amazing. My iPhone would lose 10-20 percent battery life over the same period. Again, this doesn't have Marshmallow so there's no Doze feature. This is just the native OS managing battery.Also a cool feature that I've not seen on other phones is a manage memory app that Samsung includes. Using it clears all apps from memory and frees up as much space as possible for you. This has been incredibly useful.Update #2: I don't use a case or screen protector. One of the knocks against this phone by some reviewers was the lack of gorilla glass and what that would mean in regards to fingerprints and scratches. Well someone tested the glass online and it had the same scratch resistance as phones with Gorilla Glass 3 do. As for being a nasty fingerprint magnet like my last phone (the lackluster Honor 5X), it isn't. In fact it's resistant to fingerprints in a way that I haven't experienced on a phone or tablet before. I'm not sure how they're doing it, but it's impressive. Every few days I hit it with a cleaning cloth, but not because the fingerprints are out of control. Just to make it look brand new again.I'm also very pleased with the feel and weight of this phone in my hand. It feels incredibly premium despite not being a metal phone. Also, the buttons have a great feel to them as well. The more I use the phone, the more impressed I am with what Samsung has delivered here for 250 dollars. And once again, the gaming performance is tremendous and better yet is that my phone has never heated up while gaming. I also love the customizability of the theme store.
My wife love her Samsung galaxy J7. It works really good here in Bahamas.
Great smartphone
Excellent phone. Great for dual providers. Excellent version of Android, Super fast. No dropped calls on LTE. Fantastic.
Amazing phone, can't ask for better. Good value for the price.
Everything about this phone is great except I seem to have a unit with a defective antenna.The signal bars are 1-3 at home, mostly 1 or sometimes nil.I live in a remote location I must state.The signal bars however have always been 2-4 or randomly 5 on my previous Samsung devices.(SIII; Grand; Grand Neo; Grand II)I have used these in the same remote location over the past years.To be sure, I switched the SIMs back into each old unit and voila! higher bars with all of them.So there must be an issue with the antenna of my J7.Unless of course others are experiencing similar issues then it is the model itself.Hey I still get service so I left it alone rather than go through a return process.Perhaps just my luck with phones dating back to my first which I had to replace 3 times
The phone met my expectations . I love it.
Ok
Great
Fue best phone o ever had
I saved about $350.00 by choosing this phone over the Galaxy S7. I am happy with my choice. It did take me a little while to get my files transferred from an HTC M1 8. But I managed, even texts, mail, contacts, music etc. I bought the phone for it's long battery life. I use the phone for work and play. I play golf and use an app and the GPS for the golf app can drain the phone leaving little or now power for work. Boo hoo. So, the J7 performs as advertised on the power front. I bought an extra battery, so I don't have to charge in the middle of the golf course and all is well. But the battery is so good, that I still have 75 percent of it after a full round of golf. The rest of the stuff, camera, phone, bluetooth, etc. work like they all do. Weak speakers, I mean really weak ... like "high" on the J7 is like nearly mute on the HTC. Just saying. If I listen to music or watch a you tube clip, it works fine. But I think they probably save the $300 on the speaker alone. I am not complaining. I use vibrate for alerts, calls, etc. but if you use this phone you might think you are losing your hearing if you depend on the speaker. You're not. It's weak.
This is a wonderful phone. I purchased an AT&T Go Phone SIM for it and it works PERFECTLY - I had absolutely no difficulty in setting it up: just installed the SIM, went to AT&T's website for Go Phone SIM activation (I searched for the site in my browser), and purchased a service level. Voila! Instant access to all of my favorite mobile applications via Google Play. The phone opens and runs programs very quickly, even after installing 20+ programs. It displays on-demand movies as if I were watching them on a miniature HD TV. The gold case is super-slim, and the large screen displays very vibrant colors. My friends have already complemented me on it. It looks and functions like more expensive locked phones. I feel very lucky to have come across it on Amazon.
Before purchasing this SUPERB J7 phone, I had the Galaxy Grand Prime, which I purchased about ayear ago (I was very happy with the Grand Prime just wanted a newer phone). Since am a techie type, I upgrade my phone once every year. Before this purchase, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites and the specs were just what I was searching for and below I will explain why I believe that this mid range phone is an excellent choice! The color I chose is BLACK and it looks stunning, the black color frames the phone very well. The white back cover I ordered from Amazon...see pictures of this phone and cover below. The cover has texture in back to keep this phone in my hand.I recently purchased a HP wireless printer, installed HP app and PrinterShare app from Playstore and when on WiFi, I print directly from this amazing tablet.PROS:+ Micro Sim Card – My model of phone will accept TWO Micro Sim Cards and a 128SD card. I loaded TWO Sim Cards (one for personal and an extra Sim just to see if both worked).SIM ONE is the one I use 90 percent of the time, SIM TWO I just had left from an old phone, so why not try this feature out! (Sim ONE is the PRIMARY SIM, the one used most, Sim Two I use for an extra Sim.**One large reason I purchased this phone (there were MANY GOOD REASONS), was the MICRO Sim card. I was not ready to deal with a NANO card at this time. I just popped in my existing Micro Sim and the phone was ready to use!+ SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5.5 inch screen. It fits easily into my purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone.**This phone is THIN and LIGHT and it is easy for me to hold in my hand (I am a small person). They have setting for ONE HANDED use for phone and a couple of other things as well.+ Memory and Storage Space – This tablet comes with 16GB Internal storage memory. However, once the OS and Apps from factory were install, this left 11.6GB of storage space left for my own apps.I loaded this out with WPS Office, Maxthon Browser, Rocket Music Player, and a few helpful weather radar apps etc and I still have over 10GB left right now.**There is 1.5GB RAM Memory, which I find adequate and enough to run my new J7 smoothly and peppy.+ SD Card Capacity – There is a slot for adding an SD Micro card UP to 128GB. I had on hand a 64GB card with my photos, videos, files on it and the phone read this card just fine. I believe that when I decide to load new card at 128GB, there will be no problem. For now, I still have 40 GB left on my SD card for later use.+ Lollipop 5.1.1. This is a superb version of Lollipop. The phone runs very fast with no hiccups even when I had several running apps going. I found that Samsung does have the Touch Wiz interface, yet on this phone I found little bloatware - not nearly like on previous Samsung models.+ Camera - This has a 13MP camera and I am amazed at the clarity of the pictures that I have taken with phone. For example, I took a close up of a multi colored eyeglass case for tiny flowers on it and each flower was very sharp and also vivid in color. Then I took outdoor shots of a few things around my home, indoor shots of special foods that I prepared and the results were truly amazing---the colors were sharp, bright a vivid. This camera is a HUGE improvement from my old Samsung Grand Prime phone that had 8MP.+ Screen Resolution/Special Screen Information - For me personally, I find the resolution (at 267 PPI - Pixels Per Inch) excellent as the colors in the screen are very bright and vivid and very clear! In fact, webpages and my Kindle Reading app are just stunning on this phone! *All of my pictures and videos are crystal clear with this phone.***OUTSIDE VIEWING the screen. So that I can easily view this screen in bright sun outdoors, I open the notification area, there is an outside view that I check so that it is VERY easy to see this screen on daylight. In the daytime, I use this often when I take pictures outdoors, I see the screen clearly even in direct sunlight!+ WiFi/4G (LTE) (Internet): Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent (even in the very back of my home and outside), most of the time I have 4 bars (outside is 2.5 bars). When not near a router or WiFi hotspot, my area just received LTE and this phone is LIGHTENING FAST in date when I use LTE Data on it!+ OTG – This phone supports On the Go with the micro USB port so I can add a 64GB flash drive with my office files, pictures etc and the phone easily reads these files.+ Temperature of the battery and coolness of this phone - This phone and battery runs very cool and normal temp and most of the time it is running at 78 F degrees to 87 F degrees. When I download lots of apps or play games, it may get up to 90 degrees for a couple of minutes but goes right down to normal temps. I have run many programs on this phone and it DOES NOT OVERHEAT. I have read that some newer smart phones will sometimes get up as high as 112 degrees, this one for me has not done this.It is important to keep a phone running cooler as it will prolong the life of the phone and it is easier on the battery as well.+ Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well. ***I have a partial hearing loss so I pressed the EXTRA VOLUME in the telephone part and it worked well.+ BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning). I have better battery life than I had on my old Samsung Grand Prime. Also to save battery, I turn off WiFi or Data and tap the ON OFF button (put to sleep). This way, I use my phone from 8am until 10pm on a charge and STILL have about 20 percent…to do this, I make sure that I turn WiFi or Data off when not using it.+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 128GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone! (I placed a 64GB SD Card in this phone and I still have room left).And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.+ Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called WPS Office (free) which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.+ Kindle Books App – This I downloaded and I adjusted the FONT SIZES to larger and MARGINS to narrow so I can really read the books comfortably. Reading on this 5.5 inch phone is a joy and I like to read on the go.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Also, there is a newer Archived Flash out. So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the phone, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes in a heartbeat as for me the best phone that I have ever owned! And for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, as it is a very easy to use phone and very high in quality.I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
This phone is awesome. I love it because it have great features which are easy to use.
Excellent, very fast. I realy like!
Bought for a friend don't get any complaints.
Great Product!
AMAZING PHONE FOR THE PRICE
Great phone for a great price
The Samsung J7 is just what I had hoped for. I was looking for a phone with a good camera and sufficient storage. I have downloaded several apps and still have plenty of room for more. So far I am very happy with this phone.
I do not chase phone. I love this phone very much especially for the price.
Great
Really Excellent
Still learning to use it but I love everything about this phone. I use tracfhone prepaid service and it works great on this phone.
It was a good purchase. The phone came in good condition and it's as good as most of the Samsung Galaxy J phones. The shipping wasn't very fast, but I am happy after all.
I got this phone for my husband, he loves this phone.
Love this phone it is perfect for me
Excellent phone, but the instructions says that for a not american sim card, a cumulative 5 min call is needed. I put an argentinian sim card and it worked just fine
Prefect, it was exactly what I needed to travel out of the country
This phone is AWESOME I thought it would have some flaws that I would have problems with but I love it. 5stars
For the price this is by far the best smartphone ever, wife is going to order one.
Great Price!
Love the new Samsung Galaxy J7. Features are great....just wish I can get to master a lot of them. My only criticism is that the phone does not appear to have a microphone at the bottom like most other models, and the tone quality seems to suffer. Otherwise great phone.
Why pay so much for smart phones? This one is perfect. Easy for a newbie also.
Works well out of the country.
No android marshmallow update available over the air.
Ordered this for my brother he is really happy with it.
Excellent phone, never ever gets hot, very great picture quality, like smart manager app, great resolution. I am using it for more than 12 months. I like removable battery, and dual SIM.
Works very good loving it
Great phone, however be mindful that this phone is not supported by Samsung in the US. It's also unclear to me if it has a warranty, even though you see a warranty in the product information, read the highlighted text at the end of it.If you go the the Samsung site and type the model number: SM-J700M, you will not find it! T-mobile also confirmed that it's not in their database. I use it with T-mobile and it works fine.Another thing to be be aware of is that it will not work with accessory devices like the Samsung Gear Fit2. I bought the gear fit and had to return it because it is not compatible with this unlocked version of the J7. This was confirmed by a Samsung technician at Best Buy.Otherwise I find this phone to be very capable and snappy. A lot of phone for the price.
Such a nice phonethe front flash is the best!
Great phone
Excellent phone. Great screen size and very good speed. Battery charge duration is really good and it is fully recharged in a short time.
YES Indeed it's a great phone I LOVE IT
just used for a day. It works with T mobile (LTE)!Wifi: It does not detect my home network 5GHz network. (It works -- mac/lenovo tab -- they connect to 5GHz). I don't know if its generic samsung issue or something else.
So far so good this phone is like the galaxy edge big lite weight so many amazing features😊
Is beautiful
Got damn good!!!!
Great phone!
Great phone excelent value
I absolutely love this phone with one exception. I always talk on the phone on speaker phone holding it like a walkie talkie. The person on the other end has reported hearing my voice go far away like I'm in a tunnel at least once during each call. Found out that I just need to talk via headphones or holding the phone to my ear and problem is solved. Otherwise, I love the phone. The camera is great, everything works fine. I was concerned about the reviews I read that said that these phones are not made for America and only work on a couple of the bands that American phones have. This has not been a problem where I am. I live in Silicon Valley so maybe this would not be the case in other areas but so far, that hasn't been a problem. I've now had the phone for 3 weeks.
Excellent product
Excelente teléfono.
fine
Very good phone
Great phone at a very good price. The battery life (3300 mah) is awesome. Loving it.
Great phone excelent value
I absolutely love this phone with one exception. I always talk on the phone on speaker phone holding it like a walkie talkie. The person on the other end has reported hearing my voice go far away like I'm in a tunnel at least once during each call. Found out that I just need to talk via headphones or holding the phone to my ear and problem is solved. Otherwise, I love the phone. The camera is great, everything works fine. I was concerned about the reviews I read that said that these phones are not made for America and only work on a couple of the bands that American phones have. This has not been a problem where I am. I live in Silicon Valley so maybe this would not be the case in other areas but so far, that hasn't been a problem. I've now had the phone for 3 weeks.
Excellent product
Excelente teléfono.
fine
Great phone at a very good price. The battery life (3300 mah) is awesome. Loving it.
Great phone excelent value
I absolutely love this phone with one exception. I always talk on the phone on speaker phone holding it like a walkie talkie. The person on the other end has reported hearing my voice go far away like I'm in a tunnel at least once during each call. Found out that I just need to talk via headphones or holding the phone to my ear and problem is solved. Otherwise, I love the phone. The camera is great, everything works fine. I was concerned about the reviews I read that said that these phones are not made for America and only work on a couple of the bands that American phones have. This has not been a problem where I am. I live in Silicon Valley so maybe this would not be the case in other areas but so far, that hasn't been a problem. I've now had the phone for 3 weeks.
Excellent product
Excelente teléfono.
fine
Very good phone
Great phone at a very good price. The battery life (3300 mah) is awesome. Loving it.
Awesome phone!
good works fine no problem good phone
It's good and working amazing! ! This is the second unlocked phone from J series I bought. Both are working good!
If you don't want to shell out $650 for the latest phone this is what you should buy. Tremendous phone with outstanding battery life. I use mine with straight talk & it works like a charm. If you like to read kindle books this screen is big enough so you won't strain your eyes with the kindle app. Highly recommended.As always, protect your phone by also buying a tempered glass screen protector and a rubberized case.
So Far Samsung has impressed me with another great phone. I went to this particular version because my last phone (Samsung Note 3) was only a single Sim card phone. This new phone is a dual sim card unlocked smartphone.It's roughly the same size of my Note 3, but feels considerably lighter. Learning curve was extremely short since it acts and responds much like my Note 3 but with some upgrades.I love being able to switch back and forth between two different networks because of the dual sim card capability and enjoy even more the individuality I get out of it and the settings; allowing me to tailor rings and notifications so I can differentiate between numbers and networks when I get incoming calls and messages.The screen is very vibrant and the photo/video quality are impressive for a device capable of doing so many different tasks. Battery life is sufficient for my needs - constant use over a 12-hour shift drops me from 100% down to 30%. This is all under the strain of playing games, surfing the internet and sending messages.And, since I already owned other Samsung devices, initial setup allowed me to effortlessly sync with those devices to migrate over exactly what I wanted on this phone. It's also a big plus that I can put a 128GB micro SD card in this phone as well.I do wish that both SIM ports were 4G LTE capable, but, once again for the way I utilize it, it's limitations in that area are acceptable.All-in-all, if you're looking for a good quality smartphone that is dual Sim card capable. This is a pretty good choice. It was reasonably priced - well under $300, and shipping was pretty fast. HOWEVER, be sure to confirm the seller is in fact sending you a DUAL SIM phone. The first vender I dealt with sent me TWO single sim phones although they claimed they were DUAL SIM capable - talk about being ticked off!!!! But once I switched to another vendor, I got the phone for a few bucks less and exactly what I wanted.As long as the longevity is there, I suspect I'll be happy with this phone for years to come.
I needed a phone to use before I left for Italy and this phone does the job! It's bigger than I expected which is great being an ex user of an iPhone 6 plus. I really enjoy the front camera flash and the camera quality is pretty great actually considering my previous phone. Id recommend this just for anytime use or need! I also paid for two day shipping and it arrived accordingly
Awesome phone!
good works fine no problem good phone
It's good and working amazing! ! This is the second unlocked phone from J series I bought. Both are working good!
If you don't want to shell out $650 for the latest phone this is what you should buy. Tremendous phone with outstanding battery life. I use mine with straight talk & it works like a charm. If you like to read kindle books this screen is big enough so you won't strain your eyes with the kindle app. Highly recommended.As always, protect your phone by also buying a tempered glass screen protector and a rubberized case.
So Far Samsung has impressed me with another great phone. I went to this particular version because my last phone (Samsung Note 3) was only a single Sim card phone. This new phone is a dual sim card unlocked smartphone.It's roughly the same size of my Note 3, but feels considerably lighter. Learning curve was extremely short since it acts and responds much like my Note 3 but with some upgrades.I love being able to switch back and forth between two different networks because of the dual sim card capability and enjoy even more the individuality I get out of it and the settings; allowing me to tailor rings and notifications so I can differentiate between numbers and networks when I get incoming calls and messages.The screen is very vibrant and the photo/video quality are impressive for a device capable of doing so many different tasks. Battery life is sufficient for my needs - constant use over a 12-hour shift drops me from 100% down to 30%. This is all under the strain of playing games, surfing the internet and sending messages.And, since I already owned other Samsung devices, initial setup allowed me to effortlessly sync with those devices to migrate over exactly what I wanted on this phone. It's also a big plus that I can put a 128GB micro SD card in this phone as well.I do wish that both SIM ports were 4G LTE capable, but, once again for the way I utilize it, it's limitations in that area are acceptable.All-in-all, if you're looking for a good quality smartphone that is dual Sim card capable. This is a pretty good choice. It was reasonably priced - well under $300, and shipping was pretty fast. HOWEVER, be sure to confirm the seller is in fact sending you a DUAL SIM phone. The first vender I dealt with sent me TWO single sim phones although they claimed they were DUAL SIM capable - talk about being ticked off!!!! But once I switched to another vendor, I got the phone for a few bucks less and exactly what I wanted.As long as the longevity is there, I suspect I'll be happy with this phone for years to come.
I needed a phone to use before I left for Italy and this phone does the job! It's bigger than I expected which is great being an ex user of an iPhone 6 plus. I really enjoy the front camera flash and the camera quality is pretty great actually considering my previous phone. Id recommend this just for anytime use or need! I also paid for two day shipping and it arrived accordingly
Awesome phone!
good works fine no problem good phone
It's good and working amazing! ! This is the second unlocked phone from J series I bought. Both are working good!
If you don't want to shell out $650 for the latest phone this is what you should buy. Tremendous phone with outstanding battery life. I use mine with straight talk & it works like a charm. If you like to read kindle books this screen is big enough so you won't strain your eyes with the kindle app. Highly recommended.As always, protect your phone by also buying a tempered glass screen protector and a rubberized case.
So Far Samsung has impressed me with another great phone. I went to this particular version because my last phone (Samsung Note 3) was only a single Sim card phone. This new phone is a dual sim card unlocked smartphone.It's roughly the same size of my Note 3, but feels considerably lighter. Learning curve was extremely short since it acts and responds much like my Note 3 but with some upgrades.I love being able to switch back and forth between two different networks because of the dual sim card capability and enjoy even more the individuality I get out of it and the settings; allowing me to tailor rings and notifications so I can differentiate between numbers and networks when I get incoming calls and messages.The screen is very vibrant and the photo/video quality are impressive for a device capable of doing so many different tasks. Battery life is sufficient for my needs - constant use over a 12-hour shift drops me from 100% down to 30%. This is all under the strain of playing games, surfing the internet and sending messages.And, since I already owned other Samsung devices, initial setup allowed me to effortlessly sync with those devices to migrate over exactly what I wanted on this phone. It's also a big plus that I can put a 128GB micro SD card in this phone as well.I do wish that both SIM ports were 4G LTE capable, but, once again for the way I utilize it, it's limitations in that area are acceptable.All-in-all, if you're looking for a good quality smartphone that is dual Sim card capable. This is a pretty good choice. It was reasonably priced - well under $300, and shipping was pretty fast. HOWEVER, be sure to confirm the seller is in fact sending you a DUAL SIM phone. The first vender I dealt with sent me TWO single sim phones although they claimed they were DUAL SIM capable - talk about being ticked off!!!! But once I switched to another vendor, I got the phone for a few bucks less and exactly what I wanted.As long as the longevity is there, I suspect I'll be happy with this phone for years to come.
I needed a phone to use before I left for Italy and this phone does the job! It's bigger than I expected which is great being an ex user of an iPhone 6 plus. I really enjoy the front camera flash and the camera quality is pretty great actually considering my previous phone. Id recommend this just for anytime use or need! I also paid for two day shipping and it arrived accordingly
This phone is just great. It is faster than any devices i have ever owned. Screen resolution is fantastic. Amazon and the seller is fantastic. Just perfect.
Good smartphone will buy again
Everything good
Love it
Perfect!
Just experimenting with its functions. I'm enjoying the experience.
Great phone.
I have received my cell phone in a good condition. Have charged it and used for a day. However, because charger came with black piece that attaches to the charger I had a problem charging it. The white part of charger was not staying properly in the black piece of charger. Then it stopped charging my phone. However the phone itself has a good functionality and takes good pictures. Because the charger needs replacing I would give it 4 stars.
Excellent product at an excellent price, as you see in Amazon
Great deal. Had been shopping for a while for a new galaxy and really didn't want to be renting/leasing a phone from my service provider. The price was a third of what my mobile provider charges. It arrived within a couple of days and was better looking than the pictures in advertisements.
Love it
Outstanding phone for the price!
EXCELLENT!!!! :)
I love this phone.
So good
I ordered it for my wife and she loves it
Excellent phone ! Used in Iceland and given as gift when I left. Easy and very nice to handle.
Totally in love with this phone what can i say works fast both cameras work wonderful just love it......Using in the Caribbean (Barbados)
Love my phone
Good outcome for the price. Worth it for a medium lever tier where it competes
I love the phone! Came earlier than expected..
This phone is great. It is the international version of the S7. I love that it is different from the S7 in that it doesn't come bogged down with unnecessary apps. There are a few apps that would have been appreciated as I used them often but it's not the end of the world. The benefit is the storage freed up on this phone as opposed to the S7.I was able to easily have it connected to my att&t account and so far so good. It operates beautifully, connects to WiFi flawlessly and I haven't suffered any freezes or other malfunctions. I will update after I have used it for a longer period of time.
Yes
excellent product, low cost.
Better than I expected. Boyfriend had tons of Samsung phones before and I bought this as a present. It's about the size of the iPhone 6 Plus and just packed with features. It's one of the best phones out there without buying an S7. Definitely worth it.
Very nice phone. Bought it for my huzz he loves it so much. He is very impressed with the battery life. Although he uses the phone a lot the battery lasts a whole day and more. I have recommended twould shoppers to purchase this phone from your store. Also thanks for the prompt delivery
its okay
Love it for the price of a Samsung. works great. No problems.
I recieved my phone yesterday and I love it so far. It is bigger than my galaxy 5s , but just right. It is light and thin. I love that it is gold. Overall nice phone. No problem with getting my service with At&t.
Excelent product and vendor
Good phone, and because it is an unlocked smart phone, I can go to any carrier I choose. The best things is that this phone has a removable battery, so that when the battery starts to not hold a charge, all I have to do is order another battery. Buying Unlock Smartphones with removable battery is the wave of the future of the smart consumer. I urge others to free themselves as well.
I am impressed with this phone, it meet my expection of it so far and the battery is very very good.
living up to my expectations and more
Best phone i've ever owned , very positive , camera excellent. I just love it .
Working well
I just got it about ....6 days ago and I love it! To correct everyone this is NOT the samsung that blows up or catches fire THAT is the galaxy note 7. THIS phone is a few generations behind that and I adore it. I jus recently switched from an Iphone 6 to this phone. It was originally bought to be a back up phone incase something happens to my iphone but i've been using it since i got it. It's fast, battery lasts LONG, and it handles apps really well. I adore the camera. Overall a good phone.
Yessur
Great phone
Perfect
The set up and activation with TracFone went smoothly. The phone works great!
OK, excellent seller
Very happy with the price and the fact it has two sim cards. I have a Galaxy S5 and feel the difference in price between a J7 and an S7 is worth it to me.$300 buys a lot of rice and beans where I come from and I hope this phone lasts as well as my S5
Great phone, great service! My T-mobile simchip fit in, and my daughter started using it right away. A little bigger than my S-7, I can't decide which phone I like better.
I like it
Since I've been using this phone which is about a month, I have never had Amy major issues with it . it has a nice audio, resolution, fast sensitivity to touch, camera both front and back. The only minor faults i have with it is its lack of multitasking and not adjust to light background for the camera. Except for that, it is really nice and durable because lord knows how many times I've dropped this phone in over a month and it still works adequately. I would highly recommend this phone to any buyer
specs and battery life are average, how many bars you get depends on service provider. is good but you can do better
I really love my new phone. The screen resolution is brilliant and the speed of the micro- processor dazzling .clarity on calls is more than adequate. The front flash camera takes vibrant photo's,Nd the dual sim card capability is a huge plus . Great at the price and highly recommend it .
Muy bueno
I had only $300 left and I need a phone to be safe while in school so I took the leap of faith and bought this phone for $219. With Amazon Prime, it came in two days and in perfect shape. I don't regret my purchase and I am glad I made it. There's nothing really negative I can say about this phone because everything is perfect. It even gives you the option to upgrade to Marshmallow.The battery life lasts all day. I charged my phone at 8am and it is 8:20pm right now and I still have 46% left. The video quality is the best I've ever seen coming from a not so great Galaxy Core Prime c:The camera is perfect just in low light it is kinda noisy and the colours are a slightly more saturated than they look in real life.The phone is easy to work and you get a loottt of space and the gold colour is beautiful. When you run your fingers over thebscreen it feels smoth like butter. There's no lags or glitches. It takes a while to fully charge though. The only thing I can say that isn't a pro to this phone is the autofocus. The autofocus drives you insane.Buy this phone you wont regret it ^•^STOP PROCRASTINATING AND SECOND GUESSING!!! GET IT FELLOW COSTUMER!! HURRY BEFORE THEY'RE OUT OF THE PRICE GOES UP.
This phone was exactly as I expected
works great
I bought 3 months ago. It looks good, works well. Excellent for the price.
I actually bought this phone for my ex-wife for her birthday, isn't that funny! But it works great and look's like new. so, thanks your for this great sale.
Great phone! Looks good and is easy to use.
love it
very good
Excellent product
All good, the phone meets expectations, works well in venezuela in all movistar, digitel and movilnet
its what i expected
I actually really love this phone. It's nice and big, lightweight, has a great camera, and it's easy to use. It's nearly perfect. The only thing that I don't like is how difficult it can be to hear people when talking on the phone.
Outstanding!!! Great phone for the price, was all IPhone for years and now its Samsung all the way. Was easy to set up and ended up buying two more for wife and her sister.
Owned for two weeks. Loving it so far.
Great phone I love it!
Better than expected . . .
Love this phone! Fast and good resolution! I would recommend it!
Wow! Great phone at a great price. Still amazed by all it provides. Amazing how so much technology has come together to give such a great package. I'm not used to this size phone; it's a bit huge for my hand. I'm accustomed to smaller phones. Anyway, I've found a way to carry it around! But hey, bigger is better now. I can see stuff much clearer without having to use my glasses ALL the time! That's a plus! Best phone I've had ever!! Oh, and delivery service from this supplier is top of the line. Thumbs up!!
Good Phone
It's a awesome for an awesome priceLove it!!!!!!
Thanks
Excellent
It's a great phone for the price the only problem I have is sending and receiving video and picture messages. I'm also with straight talk and live in Mississippi.
Excellent
Good
EXCELENT
This phone is everything I have no problems with this device easy to use fast response.my favorite thing is the camera off course i am a selfie junkie and that camera gives me life.
muy bueno
Great phone, much better than expected
first class
I loveeeeeeeeee my new phone. It's reasonable and was shipped really quick.
Excellent phone, works well. Only downfall is that Samsung could make the ringer a little louder. Was delivered in five days and I live in the Caribbean! Would definitely order from this company again.
This phone is awesome, great buy for anyone looking to get more for your money.
Very good phone
I am not really a Samsung person but my mom really wants this specific model. After a month of using it temporarily, I can say that it's a very good phone with a long battery life. You don't even need to tinker much with the settings. Its "Smart Manager" does a pretty good job.RAM wise, I don't know if it's for everyone. I have so many apps that I'm too lazy to uninstall so I'm already using 70% of the 1.5GB. Even then the phone is working smoothly. In my mom's case, 1.5GB is enough but I might need more than this.If I have to choose between RAM and battery life though, I'd choose battery life next time. Just bought a Moto X pure edition with 16GB, 3GB RAM but the Samsung still beat Motorola by a mile. I don't know though if it's because I upgraded the Moto to Android M. Good thing, I only paid $300 for the Moto X Pure edition (vs $250 for the Samsung J7 in Feb).Warranty-wise, I was trying to register the international J7 version on the US website but I could not find the model there. It says that if it's not a US model then I have to register on the international website. Even after several times, I wasn't able to register the phone successfully on the Phil website. I might end up trying to call them about it.headphone plug is at the bottom -- I prefer it on the top.I like the "Outdoor" setting so you can see the screen outside.I am not an expert but I like the graphics and sound quality.Samsung J7 is an excellent phone! I might end up with a Samsung next time.UPDATE:When I brought this home to the Philippines in April I put in a local micro-SIM card in one of the slots and it worked immediately. So far my mom has no issues with the phone. The only risk is that this phone has no warranty in both the US and the Philippines. A Samsung Service Center in the Philippines said that that they only provide warranty to locally purchased phones. They can still fix the phone of course for a price.
I did send this phone as a gift to my fiance. She is happy with it's performance.
I like it. It is my first smart phone and surprisingly easy to use. But somehow my Sim 1 failed to work, that's why I give it a 4-star.
Over all it is a good phone.Pros:Size as big as an iphone6 +.Cost much less than iphone.2 sim cards , 2 numbersmemory card. which is a big plus since you can store all your files without worrying about not enough space on your internal drive.cons: no fingerprint accessstill not a big deal.
Great Cellphone! Fast Shipping! No complaints!
I loved!!!
Great
Great quality and best of all I got it within a week. .
This phone is so awesome. I was so anxious I couldn't wait for it to deliver. When I receive it I was amaze, wasn't expecting such a big phone👍👍👍👍
I like it! Love It ...
Excelente
The Samsung Galaxy J7 is just perfect. I wanted a dual sim phone for my husband with enough memory for his files and photos and this was just perfect and affordable at the same time. I recommend this phone if you are looking for dual sim phone with lots of memory. It's also user friendly like Samsung's other models. He hasn't even explored all the features as yet. Battery life is fantastic. Goes through the whole day without having to charge it. Go for it!!!!
Very very nice product, i love it. Works great
I am absolutely inlove with this phone. The battery life is more than 24hrs after using it constantly, it does not overheat, both cameras are perfecttttt.. I am inlove with the front flash. Honestly I've had a lot of samsung phones and this is a perfect choice.. I love it.. It's amazing..
It's good
Very satisfied with the phone. It works well. It was delivered earlier than as stated in its offered. However, the courier should knock the door or ring the bell at least to let the recipient know the package was there. I was in the house at that time expecting package.
phone is very nice but i received a damaged battery when i got it
Very nice phone
all excellent
This mobile is exceptionally good with all it's features and performance.Camera quality is excellent with 13 MP and 5 MP. I just don't carry my digital camera after getting this mobile as the pictures are clear.Audio is good.Dual sim option is another feature which attracted me towards this mobile. I was using 2 mobiles and need to get rid of one s it is difficult to maintain 2 mobiles. And this one, as advertised, is working well with 2 SIM cards / networks.It's been few months now I started using this mobile and didn't find any issues with it till date.Happy that I own a fantastic mobile for a decent price.Definitely recommended.
I love it
I LOVE IT!!!
excelente
Awesome phone. Works smoothly.
I realized after I bought the phone why It was discounted. I turned it on and everything was in Russian! After a quick switch to english everything has been completely fine.Since I bought the phone used "like new" I was worried. But Amazon has strict guidelines on what "like new" is supposed to be: box included, everything in the box, probably opened once, no scratches. I took a risk and now have an amazing phone for 70 dollars cheaper than listing price!I'm on T-mobile and it works fine. I even get better service indoors than my previous phone. This isn't comparable with the new tmobile 700 band however, so service indoors wont be as good as it could be...
GOOD
Had this phone less then a month and I must say it's great!!! The only thing is........ when I activated it on cricket I wasn't aware the internet wouldn't work unless the phone was an actual cricket phone😦.but it still works on WiFi of course. Just a heads up for cricket users
Loving this phone. It was a great choice. Fast delivery. For it give days after I order it. And am from the Caribbean.
It's a great cel
thanks good price
This phone is really good. I was looking for an upgrade from a previous android phone. Am glad i purchased this one. The camera's are amazing' I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the pics are. The only downside is that the headphone is at the bottom but I could live with it. I would recommend this phone. Nb this is the 2015 version.
All right!
There is no 4G LTE (((
I am assuming a 5 star rating because I purchased this as a gift for a special female friend who lives in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is currently on its way to her and for certain she will provide details as to product quality.
Speedy delivery and works great
I love the need dual sim that send it back
Excellent
bueno
Nice
It came fast. It started to work then it stop now its working pretty fine. Its a very nice phone. The charger has some kind of shortage but in all the phone is great. Well packaged and came with everything.
Excelente
battery runs long time than I expected.speed to work is goodeasy to take a picture (just double click home button)good quality photo.
I love everything about this phone. I purchased this to replace my Samsung S3 after I dropped it. The S3 is the size of the display screen on the J7 so I'm still adjusting to the larger size phone. The phone I received is exactly as described - dual SIM slots and a memory card slot. I purchased this in gold and the color is exactly as shown on Amazon. The phone is unlocked and works perfectly in the Bahamas and I had no issues setting it up. I received a brand new phone in a sealed box 2 days after ordering it on Prime. The seller also sent an email offering any support that may be needed. I would definitely recommend this phone.
bought and sent it to Africa will buy again
I love it. Great phone for an affordable price.
Excelent
As described
if you cannot afford Iphone6, this will be a good substitute smartphone
I llike it
I love it , it's very good phone !!!
very nie - I love it
Good but not great phone. If you're looking for a phone with great quality, save your money on this and look for another one. Satisfaction is not as big as it is. It doesn't come with accessories. It arrived in good condition, though.
Excellent!!
So,far so good.
Great phone and camera for the price.
Purchased this unlocked International phone as I live in the Caribbean and needed a phone that was compatible with Digicel. It arrived quickly, well packaged - with adequate instruction manual (kudos to the seller).The phone is user friendly, my 13 year old daughter began instructing me very sternly on how to use it . This is my first smart-phone and I visited Busch Gardens and Sea World with my daughters. I was amazed at the clear crisp photos and videos it was able to take. The phone itself feels substantial in my hands and it is not easy to slip out if you hold it carefully. Have used it for a few months with no issues.
This is an AMAZING phone. When I bought it, my mom almost didn't let me, because she thought since it was so low priced, it would be bad. DO NOTE, THAT THE SELLER IS RAISING THE PRICE, AND I BOUGHT MINE FOR $204 ABOUT A WEEK AGO. NOW IT WAS $245.So I am saying, if the price goes down, GO FOR IT.There are two SIM card slots, so you can add extra memory, and not worry about having not enough space.Imagine.. 128GB of storage space.. The possibilities are ENDLESS!Also, the processing speed is flawless, you can play games on there as well as any other.The camera works well, if you are expecting a g7x camera in a phone then that's your problem. It's just a phone.But a REALLY great thing about this phone- it has front camera flash! Amazing! A Samsung Galaxy s5 doesn't even have that.It comes with 16GB memory, which is excellent for a phone, you can actually do stuff.Another good thing-This phone doesn't load you up on extra apps, only one page! it does come with a folder with Microsoft word, PowerPoint, etc. but that can just be deleted. I'm talking about undeletable apps.TO ALL YOU T-MOBILE USERS, YES! IT WORKS WITH T-MOBILE!you can use 4G LTE or 4G with T-Mobile and you can use data outside, and make calls, texts, etc.This is a fully functioning phone.It is almost as big as a Samsung Galaxy note 4 , only smaller by about a centimeter, and it's as a big as an iPhone 6+. Ayye.The screen is amazingly clear, and the brightness is phenomenal.The sound quality is really good, and unless you want to blast music around the entire city, the sound volume suffices.The RAM is 1.5GB, which is really good for a $204 phone.The phone doesn't heat up at all, and it maintains a steady room temperature, no matter how much you used it.When my phone arrived, it was definitely new. It had never been opened, and there was still plastic protectors on the screen and on the side. Not a smudge.The battery was wrapped up nicely out of the phone, and it came with 50 percent charge in it. This lasted me all day!It DID come with a charger and earbuds, but the charger was universal. ITS OKAY THOUGH , because it came with a peice to match the wall sockets. This could be seen as a plus, though, because this means that you can use this charger around the world. You can also use the phone itself around the world, too since its international!The earbuds came a little wonky.. One earbud chord size was was much to short, but it's okay, because it was generous to even include earbuds in the first place.OOOH OOH AND THE THEMES!!!YES!!!They're amazing! You can use themes to change the ENTIRE look of your phone. It changes the font, the s Rene color and pattern, and even the looks of the applications and. Decorates the insides of the apps. The keyboards could look different, and you could have clouds instead of chat bubbles in the messaging app, with a tebddy bear pink background. Ooh.There are also MANY themes for free. They do have payed ones, but you can find NO problem at all finding ten really cute free themes.This phone does work in America!Have FUN with this phone.This phone really is unlocked, so you can use any carrier.Go buy this phone now, and have no doubts in your head, because it is AMAZING.-Pictures attachedP.S I lost the black part for the charger that turns it into a normal charger but yes, it does come with one. Omg I lost it already....
the phone is nice for the price. it came as advertised in the original box with all the parts.its a nice phone overall.
So far I'm liking it.it's a nice phone and I'm still getting use to it.
Very good.ok
Nice
I love this phone but it rings a little too low
Good device
Excellent
Everyting OK with the phone, recomended +10
Awesome
A nice product but the one I received does not have Music Apps.
Good
I LOVE.. IT to the max!
The phone was great. I bought it as a gift for someone in the Philippines. It did everything that it was supposed to do, and everything we wanted it to do. It had some features that seem to even work better than my own Apple phone. It was easy to navigate, and work well for everything. The only thing that was difficult with the phone was trying to transfer photos taken on the Samsung to my Apple iPhone. With the aid of my computer back home, I think we can transfer the photos with an app. I highly recommend the phone. It appears durable, and works in international situations. It was nice to be able to expand the memory with the memory card, do whatever we needed. Very good deal.
it's unlocked, original and arrived on time
It's a great phone. Had it for a while (roughly 2 weeks). I' m glad I bought this phone and it it compatible with T-Mobile service. The speed is great and the camera is great quality. Only com is I keep getting the google play store is unresponsive error message and it gets annoying and the charger is meant for a European outlet so it kind of sucks if you don't have an adapter and chargers slower on other chargers.
i got it as back up phone until i get my iPhone 7 and it's really great and i don't feel i'm missing the iPhone
Very pleased with this purchase. Much cheaper than buying from T-Mobile directly, and quality is great. Thank you!
Purchased as a gift, went over very well, works great!
Works great
So far.- so good! This is a replacement/update to my.previous Samsung.which I was warned is subject to fires. I felt it warm in my pocket enough times to get rid.of it and purchase this beauty..THANKS!!!
Enjoying.
It's a really good phone at a very affordable cost, I love it. I have only had it for about a month. I read a few reviews saying the phone acts up after a while, I hope that doesn't happen since there's no warranty for the international version of the J7.
very good
2nd one of these I have bought. I had a Galaxy S6 before this which was expensive and I lost it! Decided on this because it was far cheaper than the S series. The reality is that although the price is significantly different, the performance between this and the S series is not much different. It does all the things you need. The DUOS (Dual Sim) function is also super handy as a big traveler. Go for it.
Awesome phone
Great procut, totally satisfied
Every was fine
So far awesome phone. Much better than my Galaxy S 3. I will update review in a year. Hoping the phone lasts 3 years.
Nice
Perfect phone for the price. It's fast a little bit too big, but have no complains whatsoever at the moment. I love it.Screen size feels almost like a note hehehe.I do not give it 5 stars just because the headphones that came with it are hard and uncomfortable to wear.
Looks great. Working well. Only thing is that it cannot get 4g.
The phone arrived on time and is the exact thing i purchased. Just started using the phone and so far i am happy with my purchase. everything came was brand new and the box was sealed. I even got a wall adapter for the charger. There was also a 1 year warranty card attached to my purchase. I have ordered phones through amazon before and i have never had and issue.
great product
I am using this with tracfone so I turned off the data unless I would really need it. I like the phone, the battery lasts for almost a week on standby. The touch is responsive, wifi works great, calls are clear. It is kind of large but that isn't the phones fault, it is just how these are made. I have not had any heat issues with it but I don't play game either. I mainly got this to use as a phone and to replace an ipod that died. I would love to have the unlimited data but just can't afford the monthly bills so this is fine for me since many have said that the data is not 4g or fast with this phone.. The one thing I don't like about android is with the latest OS it doesn't allow you to use the sd card for anything other than pictures and songs, it seems all apps have to go onto the internal and 16 GB will fill rather quickly. The phone is working well for me and I purchased a warranty from square trade. I chatted with them to get the correct warranty for this device.
Great phone. Looks good, feels good - its very light. Works fantastic, easy to use. Good value for money
I was nervous purchasing this because I thought it wouldn't work in Barbados but it did and I love it
My niece needed an update of her Asus mobile phone. This was a great upgrade and it was also a nice birthday present. She loves it, very quick and works great with our telecom provider.
got the phone faster than expected. I didn't get to use it much because 4 days later I got robbed. I love the front camera flash.I'm buying another one so I'll update my review once I get it.
Switching from an iphone to the Galaxy J7, I expected to feel like I downgraded, but that's not at all true! Picture quality is amazing, the apps I want are available, the screen size is perfect. The dual sim slots are a boon for traveling internationally as cards from 2 countries can remain installed simultaneously. The plastic back feels a little cheap in hand, but overall this is a great phone.
Fast and responsive
Don't support MHL. Don't buy if you want connect to TV.
This cellphone is amazing! ^^
Great product
Goodall pone. Work perfecto y in Nicaragua
Very good
excellent
for the price the phone is good. a few cons it takes forever to charge and face time don't work.
Loving it
Great phone!
excellent phone
Thanks!
I love this phone. I upgraded from a galaxy s4 and couldn't be happier with this one. Yeah, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles like the s6-s7 do, but I don't miss them. If you need a good fairly basic phone, I recommend this. My favorite feature is the larger screen.
Very good functions for the price
This phone is working like a dream. My mothers day gift to my self.
Really nice phone, takes great picture but wasn't Verizon compatible so I had to return it. Money was refunded very quickly.
Excellent
Everyting OK with the phone, recomended +10
Awesome
A nice product but the one I received does not have Music Apps.
Good
I LOVE.. IT to the max!
The phone was great. I bought it as a gift for someone in the Philippines. It did everything that it was supposed to do, and everything we wanted it to do. It had some features that seem to even work better than my own Apple phone. It was easy to navigate, and work well for everything. The only thing that was difficult with the phone was trying to transfer photos taken on the Samsung to my Apple iPhone. With the aid of my computer back home, I think we can transfer the photos with an app. I highly recommend the phone. It appears durable, and works in international situations. It was nice to be able to expand the memory with the memory card, do whatever we needed. Very good deal.
It came fast. It started to work then it stop now its working pretty fine. Its a very nice phone. The charger has some kind of shortage but in all the phone is great. Well packaged and came with everything.
Excelente
battery runs long time than I expected.speed to work is goodeasy to take a picture (just double click home button)good quality photo.
I love everything about this phone. I purchased this to replace my Samsung S3 after I dropped it. The S3 is the size of the display screen on the J7 so I'm still adjusting to the larger size phone. The phone I received is exactly as described - dual SIM slots and a memory card slot. I purchased this in gold and the color is exactly as shown on Amazon. The phone is unlocked and works perfectly in the Bahamas and I had no issues setting it up. I received a brand new phone in a sealed box 2 days after ordering it on Prime. The seller also sent an email offering any support that may be needed. I would definitely recommend this phone.
bought and sent it to Africa will buy again
I love it. Great phone for an affordable price.
Excelent
As described
if you cannot afford Iphone6, this will be a good substitute smartphone
I LOVE IT!!!
excelente
Awesome phone. Works smoothly.
I realized after I bought the phone why It was discounted. I turned it on and everything was in Russian! After a quick switch to english everything has been completely fine.Since I bought the phone used "like new" I was worried. But Amazon has strict guidelines on what "like new" is supposed to be: box included, everything in the box, probably opened once, no scratches. I took a risk and now have an amazing phone for 70 dollars cheaper than listing price!I'm on T-mobile and it works fine. I even get better service indoors than my previous phone. This isn't comparable with the new tmobile 700 band however, so service indoors wont be as good as it could be...
GOOD
Had this phone less then a month and I must say it's great!!! The only thing is........ when I activated it on cricket I wasn't aware the internet wouldn't work unless the phone was an actual cricket phone😦.but it still works on WiFi of course. Just a heads up for cricket users
Loving this phone. It was a great choice. Fast delivery. For it give days after I order it. And am from the Caribbean.
It's a great cel
thanks good price
This phone is really good. I was looking for an upgrade from a previous android phone. Am glad i purchased this one. The camera's are amazing' I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the pics are. The only downside is that the headphone is at the bottom but I could live with it. I would recommend this phone. Nb this is the 2015 version.
All right!
There is no 4G LTE (((
I am assuming a 5 star rating because I purchased this as a gift for a special female friend who lives in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is currently on its way to her and for certain she will provide details as to product quality.
Speedy delivery and works great
I love the need dual sim that send it back
Excellent
bueno
Nice
Loving it
Great phone!
excellent phone
Thanks!
I love this phone. I upgraded from a galaxy s4 and couldn't be happier with this one. Yeah, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles like the s6-s7 do, but I don't miss them. If you need a good fairly basic phone, I recommend this. My favorite feature is the larger screen.
Very good functions for the price
This phone is working like a dream. My mothers day gift to my self.
Really nice phone, takes great picture but wasn't Verizon compatible so I had to return it. Money was refunded very quickly.
its okay
Love it for the price of a Samsung. works great. No problems.
I recieved my phone yesterday and I love it so far. It is bigger than my galaxy 5s , but just right. It is light and thin. I love that it is gold. Overall nice phone. No problem with getting my service with At&t.
Excelent product and vendor
Good phone, and because it is an unlocked smart phone, I can go to any carrier I choose. The best things is that this phone has a removable battery, so that when the battery starts to not hold a charge, all I have to do is order another battery. Buying Unlock Smartphones with removable battery is the wave of the future of the smart consumer. I urge others to free themselves as well.
I am impressed with this phone, it meet my expection of it so far and the battery is very very good.
living up to my expectations and more
I llike it
I love it , it's very good phone !!!
very nie - I love it
Good but not great phone. If you're looking for a phone with great quality, save your money on this and look for another one. Satisfaction is not as big as it is. It doesn't come with accessories. It arrived in good condition, though.
Excellent!!
So,far so good.
Great phone and camera for the price.
Purchased this unlocked International phone as I live in the Caribbean and needed a phone that was compatible with Digicel. It arrived quickly, well packaged - with adequate instruction manual (kudos to the seller).The phone is user friendly, my 13 year old daughter began instructing me very sternly on how to use it . This is my first smart-phone and I visited Busch Gardens and Sea World with my daughters. I was amazed at the clear crisp photos and videos it was able to take. The phone itself feels substantial in my hands and it is not easy to slip out if you hold it carefully. Have used it for a few months with no issues.
Switching from an iphone to the Galaxy J7, I expected to feel like I downgraded, but that's not at all true! Picture quality is amazing, the apps I want are available, the screen size is perfect. The dual sim slots are a boon for traveling internationally as cards from 2 countries can remain installed simultaneously. The plastic back feels a little cheap in hand, but overall this is a great phone.
Fast and responsive
Don't support MHL. Don't buy if you want connect to TV.
This cellphone is amazing! ^^
Great product
Goodall pone. Work perfecto y in Nicaragua
Very good
excellent
for the price the phone is good. a few cons it takes forever to charge and face time don't work.
I live in the USA -The phone does come with a USB charging cord as wall adapters but they don't fit the USA outlets (this is an international phone). No problem, most stores sell them for $5. Phone comes with basic headphones as well.Phone does have 4g and lite. I use prepaid T-Mobile(family mobile) and I connect, stream, call, text just about everywhere.My main concern for an international phone was the GPS, I've had others before and the GPS was horrible. Works perfectly.Over all the phone is amazing, it's one of the best phone I have had and plan to get my bf one.Thank you!If you want to see what the phone is like before purchasing, youtube the phone. Most of the reviews on there are positive and helpful.
A very nice phone. Exceeded my expectations. Very nice features especially the front camera. Picture quality is great. This phone works anywhere. I am from the Caribbean and the phone worked as soon as I inserted my sim card. It's a great buy. Will definitely recommend this to anyone.
Hi The Samsung J7 gives me the message " No Network registres / No registrado en la red" With a sincard Metro PCS
Phone is feature packed for a basic model.Camera is great.Reception is greatVoice recognition is awesome.I don't use a lot of mobile data, but what I have used has worked fine.
Good phone .
Works as expected
unbelievable but true.I ordered my Samsung galaxy j7 on Tuesday 24th and I received it on Friday 27th. very nice phone . so happy and impressed. exactly as describe. I love it. I was worry about the battery. but I was wrong. it charges very fast and lasts a long time. everything works fine. you will be impressed believe me. and the price is affordable. just be aware, only a micro sim card works with this device. I have a T-Mobile sim card. but I just cut it to fit. and it works like a miracle.the device is above my expectation. and It s almost free.good luck.
The phone went above and beyond my expectations. Great purchase.
Yes it did but it drop
This is an AMAZING phone. When I bought it, my mom almost didn't let me, because she thought since it was so low priced, it would be bad. DO NOTE, THAT THE SELLER IS RAISING THE PRICE, AND I BOUGHT MINE FOR $204 ABOUT A WEEK AGO. NOW IT WAS $245.So I am saying, if the price goes down, GO FOR IT.There are two SIM card slots, so you can add extra memory, and not worry about having not enough space.Imagine.. 128GB of storage space.. The possibilities are ENDLESS!Also, the processing speed is flawless, you can play games on there as well as any other.The camera works well, if you are expecting a g7x camera in a phone then that's your problem. It's just a phone.But a REALLY great thing about this phone- it has front camera flash! Amazing! A Samsung Galaxy s5 doesn't even have that.It comes with 16GB memory, which is excellent for a phone, you can actually do stuff.Another good thing-This phone doesn't load you up on extra apps, only one page! it does come with a folder with Microsoft word, PowerPoint, etc. but that can just be deleted. I'm talking about undeletable apps.TO ALL YOU T-MOBILE USERS, YES! IT WORKS WITH T-MOBILE!you can use 4G LTE or 4G with T-Mobile and you can use data outside, and make calls, texts, etc.This is a fully functioning phone.It is almost as big as a Samsung Galaxy note 4 , only smaller by about a centimeter, and it's as a big as an iPhone 6+. Ayye.The screen is amazingly clear, and the brightness is phenomenal.The sound quality is really good, and unless you want to blast music around the entire city, the sound volume suffices.The RAM is 1.5GB, which is really good for a $204 phone.The phone doesn't heat up at all, and it maintains a steady room temperature, no matter how much you used it.When my phone arrived, it was definitely new. It had never been opened, and there was still plastic protectors on the screen and on the side. Not a smudge.The battery was wrapped up nicely out of the phone, and it came with 50 percent charge in it. This lasted me all day!It DID come with a charger and earbuds, but the charger was universal. ITS OKAY THOUGH , because it came with a peice to match the wall sockets. This could be seen as a plus, though, because this means that you can use this charger around the world. You can also use the phone itself around the world, too since its international!The earbuds came a little wonky.. One earbud chord size was was much to short, but it's okay, because it was generous to even include earbuds in the first place.OOOH OOH AND THE THEMES!!!YES!!!They're amazing! You can use themes to change the ENTIRE look of your phone. It changes the font, the s Rene color and pattern, and even the looks of the applications and. Decorates the insides of the apps. The keyboards could look different, and you could have clouds instead of chat bubbles in the messaging app, with a tebddy bear pink background. Ooh.There are also MANY themes for free. They do have payed ones, but you can find NO problem at all finding ten really cute free themes.This phone does work in America!Have FUN with this phone.This phone really is unlocked, so you can use any carrier.Go buy this phone now, and have no doubts in your head, because it is AMAZING.-Pictures attachedP.S I lost the black part for the charger that turns it into a normal charger but yes, it does come with one. Omg I lost it already....
the phone is nice for the price. it came as advertised in the original box with all the parts.its a nice phone overall.
So far I'm liking it.it's a nice phone and I'm still getting use to it.
Very good.ok
Nice
I love this phone but it rings a little too low
Good device
Great deal. Had been shopping for a while for a new galaxy and really didn't want to be renting/leasing a phone from my service provider. The price was a third of what my mobile provider charges. It arrived within a couple of days and was better looking than the pictures in advertisements.
Love it
Outstanding phone for the price!
EXCELLENT!!!! :)
I love this phone.
So good
I ordered it for my wife and she loves it
Excellent phone ! Used in Iceland and given as gift when I left. Easy and very nice to handle.
OK, excellent seller
Very happy with the price and the fact it has two sim cards. I have a Galaxy S5 and feel the difference in price between a J7 and an S7 is worth it to me.$300 buys a lot of rice and beans where I come from and I hope this phone lasts as well as my S5
Great phone, great service! My T-mobile simchip fit in, and my daughter started using it right away. A little bigger than my S-7, I can't decide which phone I like better.
I like it
I love💖it. It has everything that it says
Great deal for great phone!!
I love my phone, and i receive it on time. Picture quality is great!
The phone is awesome. I downgraded from the note 4 but I am quite satisfied with my purchase. I'm quite satisfied with the emailing and pre-installed apps and some of the additional features that wasn't on the note 4.👍👍👍👍
great investment. no problems so far.
I like it. Thanks
No problems at all. 10 pts!
This phone is an excellent phone. It has a great storage capacity and camera.
verygood
Excellent phone, works well. Only downfall is that Samsung could make the ringer a little louder. Was delivered in five days and I live in the Caribbean! Would definitely order from this company again.
This phone is awesome, great buy for anyone looking to get more for your money.
Very good phone
I am not really a Samsung person but my mom really wants this specific model. After a month of using it temporarily, I can say that it's a very good phone with a long battery life. You don't even need to tinker much with the settings. Its "Smart Manager" does a pretty good job.RAM wise, I don't know if it's for everyone. I have so many apps that I'm too lazy to uninstall so I'm already using 70% of the 1.5GB. Even then the phone is working smoothly. In my mom's case, 1.5GB is enough but I might need more than this.If I have to choose between RAM and battery life though, I'd choose battery life next time. Just bought a Moto X pure edition with 16GB, 3GB RAM but the Samsung still beat Motorola by a mile. I don't know though if it's because I upgraded the Moto to Android M. Good thing, I only paid $300 for the Moto X Pure edition (vs $250 for the Samsung J7 in Feb).Warranty-wise, I was trying to register the international J7 version on the US website but I could not find the model there. It says that if it's not a US model then I have to register on the international website. Even after several times, I wasn't able to register the phone successfully on the Phil website. I might end up trying to call them about it.headphone plug is at the bottom -- I prefer it on the top.I like the "Outdoor" setting so you can see the screen outside.I am not an expert but I like the graphics and sound quality.Samsung J7 is an excellent phone! I might end up with a Samsung next time.UPDATE:When I brought this home to the Philippines in April I put in a local micro-SIM card in one of the slots and it worked immediately. So far my mom has no issues with the phone. The only risk is that this phone has no warranty in both the US and the Philippines. A Samsung Service Center in the Philippines said that that they only provide warranty to locally purchased phones. They can still fix the phone of course for a price.
I like it. It is my first smart phone and surprisingly easy to use. But somehow my Sim 1 failed to work, that's why I give it a 4-star.
Over all it is a good phone.Pros:Size as big as an iphone6 +.Cost much less than iphone.2 sim cards , 2 numbersmemory card. which is a big plus since you can store all your files without worrying about not enough space on your internal drive.cons: no fingerprint accessstill not a big deal.
Great Cellphone! Fast Shipping! No complaints!
Totally in love with this phone what can i say works fast both cameras work wonderful just love it......Using in the Caribbean (Barbados)
Love my phone
Good outcome for the price. Worth it for a medium lever tier where it competes
I love the phone! Came earlier than expected..
This phone is great. It is the international version of the S7. I love that it is different from the S7 in that it doesn't come bogged down with unnecessary apps. There are a few apps that would have been appreciated as I used them often but it's not the end of the world. The benefit is the storage freed up on this phone as opposed to the S7.I was able to easily have it connected to my att&t account and so far so good. It operates beautifully, connects to WiFi flawlessly and I haven't suffered any freezes or other malfunctions. I will update after I have used it for a longer period of time.
Yes
excellent product, low cost.
Better than I expected. Boyfriend had tons of Samsung phones before and I bought this as a present. It's about the size of the iPhone 6 Plus and just packed with features. It's one of the best phones out there without buying an S7. Definitely worth it.
Very nice phone. Bought it for my huzz he loves it so much. He is very impressed with the battery life. Although he uses the phone a lot the battery lasts a whole day and more. I have recommended twould shoppers to purchase this phone from your store. Also thanks for the prompt delivery
Great phone! Looks good and is easy to use.
love it
its what i expected
I actually really love this phone. It's nice and big, lightweight, has a great camera, and it's easy to use. It's nearly perfect. The only thing that I don't like is how difficult it can be to hear people when talking on the phone.
OK, excellent seller
Very happy with the price and the fact it has two sim cards. I have a Galaxy S5 and feel the difference in price between a J7 and an S7 is worth it to me.$300 buys a lot of rice and beans where I come from and I hope this phone lasts as well as my S5
Great phone, great service! My T-mobile simchip fit in, and my daughter started using it right away. A little bigger than my S-7, I can't decide which phone I like better.
I like it
I love this phone great pictures
Awesome phone. Worth the money
Excellent product. I change my Samsung S4 for this Cellular. Until now, works fine. Fast response, good photos, good memory space. recomended to standar user witch no have problem with this size of equipment. 100% Recomended
As expected. Week T-mobile signal in my house. Great for the price.
It's a wonderful instrument.. a little wider than I am accustomed to but I'm adjusting.. I would have preferred a better quality headphone though.I am happy with the purchase.
it's appearance it better than these pictures and I thought before. also, its hardware is nice, except the camera.
good
Great phone! Looks good and is easy to use.
love it
very good
Excellent product
All good, the phone meets expectations, works well in venezuela in all movistar, digitel and movilnet
its what i expected
I actually really love this phone. It's nice and big, lightweight, has a great camera, and it's easy to use. It's nearly perfect. The only thing that I don't like is how difficult it can be to hear people when talking on the phone.
Great deal. Had been shopping for a while for a new galaxy and really didn't want to be renting/leasing a phone from my service provider. The price was a third of what my mobile provider charges. It arrived within a couple of days and was better looking than the pictures in advertisements.
Love it
Outstanding phone for the price!
EXCELLENT!!!! :)
I love this phone.
So good
I ordered it for my wife and she loves it
Excellent phone ! Used in Iceland and given as gift when I left. Easy and very nice to handle.
Since I've been using this phone which is about a month, I have never had Amy major issues with it . it has a nice audio, resolution, fast sensitivity to touch, camera both front and back. The only minor faults i have with it is its lack of multitasking and not adjust to light background for the camera. Except for that, it is really nice and durable because lord knows how many times I've dropped this phone in over a month and it still works adequately. I would highly recommend this phone to any buyer
specs and battery life are average, how many bars you get depends on service provider. is good but you can do better
I really love my new phone. The screen resolution is brilliant and the speed of the micro- processor dazzling .clarity on calls is more than adequate. The front flash camera takes vibrant photo's,Nd the dual sim card capability is a huge plus . Great at the price and highly recommend it .
Muy bueno
I had only $300 left and I need a phone to be safe while in school so I took the leap of faith and bought this phone for $219. With Amazon Prime, it came in two days and in perfect shape. I don't regret my purchase and I am glad I made it. There's nothing really negative I can say about this phone because everything is perfect. It even gives you the option to upgrade to Marshmallow.The battery life lasts all day. I charged my phone at 8am and it is 8:20pm right now and I still have 46% left. The video quality is the best I've ever seen coming from a not so great Galaxy Core Prime c:The camera is perfect just in low light it is kinda noisy and the colours are a slightly more saturated than they look in real life.The phone is easy to work and you get a loottt of space and the gold colour is beautiful. When you run your fingers over thebscreen it feels smoth like butter. There's no lags or glitches. It takes a while to fully charge though. The only thing I can say that isn't a pro to this phone is the autofocus. The autofocus drives you insane.Buy this phone you wont regret it ^•^STOP PROCRASTINATING AND SECOND GUESSING!!! GET IT FELLOW COSTUMER!! HURRY BEFORE THEY'RE OUT OF THE PRICE GOES UP.
This phone was exactly as I expected
works great
I bought 3 months ago. It looks good, works well. Excellent for the price.
I actually bought this phone for my ex-wife for her birthday, isn't that funny! But it works great and look's like new. so, thanks your for this great sale.
It's a great phone for the price the only problem I have is sending and receiving video and picture messages. I'm also with straight talk and live in Mississippi.
Excellent
Good
EXCELENT
This phone is everything I have no problems with this device easy to use fast response.my favorite thing is the camera off course i am a selfie junkie and that camera gives me life.
muy bueno
Great phone, much better than expected
first class
I loveeeeeeeeee my new phone. It's reasonable and was shipped really quick.
Value for money.
good
I bought 10 of these phones in the last month for my family who came to visit from Argentina.Great phones and great prices.No complains.
love it. nice build quality. Works with most of the GSM carriers.
Like this phone a lot. Only disappointment is the fact that it doesn't have the ambien light but I'm fine with that. Very nice design
Love my new phone. I was sketchy in the beginning about it being an international phone.... But it works GREAT! The phone came with a US adapter for the charger. I'm buying another J7 for my husband next. Definitely recommend this phone!
Yes. I using it in Perú without problem.
My first android. Did a lot of shopping around.This is a good buy.
Excellent
Everyting OK with the phone, recomended +10
Awesome
A nice product but the one I received does not have Music Apps.
Good
I LOVE.. IT to the max!
The phone was great. I bought it as a gift for someone in the Philippines. It did everything that it was supposed to do, and everything we wanted it to do. It had some features that seem to even work better than my own Apple phone. It was easy to navigate, and work well for everything. The only thing that was difficult with the phone was trying to transfer photos taken on the Samsung to my Apple iPhone. With the aid of my computer back home, I think we can transfer the photos with an app. I highly recommend the phone. It appears durable, and works in international situations. It was nice to be able to expand the memory with the memory card, do whatever we needed. Very good deal.
Nice seller. On time. Just as expected. Recommenden
Wasn't the correct model (was looking for US 2016 edition), but happy none the less. Still blowd the doors off an iphone.
Todo OK !!!
Love it but was bigger than I thought
VERY GOOD!
Got my phone in two days..Unlocked as advertise .Brand new phone.I love it. I will definitely order from this seller again
bought this for my wife. she loves it. display is very clear. for me the phone is a little big in size, but my wife says it fits great in her purse.
Just got this phone in today and its perfect, I highly recommend you buy the galaxy j7
The phone was delivered in excellent conditions. I've had it for 5 days and don't have any complaints
The phone is good quality for the money spent. It was purchased as a gift and so r the receiver is satisfied with the product.The only issue is that the charging block needs an adaptor to convert it to the correct voltage and it should have come equipped with the correct charging apparatus, as an afaptor had to be purchased.
The phone is awesome . I live in Jamaica and it works great. Didn't have to do anything just insert mybchip and I was all good to go.
Had no issues getting activated with T-Mobile :)
Best phone ever
This phone is pretty nice and very easy to play with, just got it don't mind it . Camera nice pics comes out really nice and videos also might not look like a i7+ but its a great phone
Phone is perfect. But data cable is not working.
Nice!!
Outstanding!!! Great phone for the price, was all IPhone for years and now its Samsung all the way. Was easy to set up and ended up buying two more for wife and her sister.
Owned for two weeks. Loving it so far.
Great phone I love it!
Better than expected . . .
Love this phone! Fast and good resolution! I would recommend it!
Wow! Great phone at a great price. Still amazed by all it provides. Amazing how so much technology has come together to give such a great package. I'm not used to this size phone; it's a bit huge for my hand. I'm accustomed to smaller phones. Anyway, I've found a way to carry it around! But hey, bigger is better now. I can see stuff much clearer without having to use my glasses ALL the time! That's a plus! Best phone I've had ever!! Oh, and delivery service from this supplier is top of the line. Thumbs up!!
Good Phone
It's a awesome for an awesome priceLove it!!!!!!
Thanks
Excellent
great product
I am using this with tracfone so I turned off the data unless I would really need it. I like the phone, the battery lasts for almost a week on standby. The touch is responsive, wifi works great, calls are clear. It is kind of large but that isn't the phones fault, it is just how these are made. I have not had any heat issues with it but I don't play game either. I mainly got this to use as a phone and to replace an ipod that died. I would love to have the unlimited data but just can't afford the monthly bills so this is fine for me since many have said that the data is not 4g or fast with this phone.. The one thing I don't like about android is with the latest OS it doesn't allow you to use the sd card for anything other than pictures and songs, it seems all apps have to go onto the internal and 16 GB will fill rather quickly. The phone is working well for me and I purchased a warranty from square trade. I chatted with them to get the correct warranty for this device.
Great phone. Looks good, feels good - its very light. Works fantastic, easy to use. Good value for money
I was nervous purchasing this because I thought it wouldn't work in Barbados but it did and I love it
My niece needed an update of her Asus mobile phone. This was a great upgrade and it was also a nice birthday present. She loves it, very quick and works great with our telecom provider.
got the phone faster than expected. I didn't get to use it much because 4 days later I got robbed. I love the front camera flash.I'm buying another one so I'll update my review once I get it.
Works great. Works for us in the Philippines and now we've setup on US networks. I'm glad we have 16 gigs memory which comes with this phone. 8 gigs isn't quite enough which I have on the J5 model which my family also uses.
i like it
I receive on time very good phone for this price
So far so good! Phone is beautiful and battery life is great...only thing I wish was different was the speaker a little louder but other than that a perfect choice...phone comes with all accessories and working well!
Great it is really fast and the camera is amazing! Love it!
This cell work just fine thanks
I loved the phone.. it was beautiful. No complaints there. Verizon wireless ensured me that this phone would on their network since it was unlocked, but it did not work and I had to return it. It's a great phone. I wish I could have kept it.
Great phone! The camera is great, and the earphones that come with allow people you call to hear all the background noises, like your siblings screaming or a glass getting dropped. The phone would sometimes go black or just show the background screen for a little bit, but other than that the phone is great!
This phone is just great. It is faster than any devices i have ever owned. Screen resolution is fantastic. Amazon and the seller is fantastic. Just perfect.
Good smartphone will buy again
Everything good
Love it
Perfect!
Just experimenting with its functions. I'm enjoying the experience.
Great phone.
I have received my cell phone in a good condition. Have charged it and used for a day. However, because charger came with black piece that attaches to the charger I had a problem charging it. The white part of charger was not staying properly in the black piece of charger. Then it stopped charging my phone. However the phone itself has a good functionality and takes good pictures. Because the charger needs replacing I would give it 4 stars.
Excellent product at an excellent price, as you see in Amazon
My daughter love her new phone, the camera is so clear, and she just love the size
great phone and good price
Excellent phone for the price and used it in Mexico. Very convenient and handy when having to sim cards
Phone is great. Accessory wise......Came with a charger I can't use and have to buy the connection for to work and these crappy headphones that hurt your ears but aside from those issues it's great. So far.......battery live is amazing
Yes it's ok
this was my first purchase and i am very happy with it. I was skeptical of purchasing the phone online but everything came out good and i have been using the phone without any problems.
Love it. Cool phone
It was that I expected!
This phone is everything i need. The quality of the picture is perfect i love it and everything there is about the phone
Great product!!! I bought this phone in my warehouse in US and ship it to Nigeria. Love this product when it can.....Complete Box
I'm in love with Samsung. I owed the S3 for a few years and upgraded to the S5. When I wanted to travel to Europe this year, I wanted to keep in touch with family back home. That required an unlocked, international phone. I saw this and for the price, I thought I would give it a shot.I took this to Spain last week and I must say that it works like a champ. I bought a 20 Euro data sim card at the vodafone store. I was able to facebook, upload pics, and use the gps all week long. I had no surprises, outages, or overages.I love the battery life and I love the display. This also doesn't have as much bloatware as the phones you get from the cell phone companies.Oh, I did buy a 128 GB memory card as well. That was my only addition to this phone.This phone and me, we are going to see the world together.
Amazing Phones, good working good
it was way better than i expected. i have seen reviews on youtube and was debating if i should purchase it. at last i did and i do not regret it. it is a great product with great price. you would never expect a device like this with this price
Good phone apps run slow! Is this phone water'proof ?
This purchase definitely met my expectations. The phone came brand new and I have had no issues thus far. My favourite feature is the 13MP camera.
Great phone & work over seas
Nice.
Very good phone. Brand new in box.
mazing cell phone, has a huge screen, Corning Gorilla Glass, Super AMOLED Capacitive Multi - Touchscreen , Octa -core processor , 1.5GB of RAM, 13MP Primary Camera , front camera and 5MP With " Flash LED " amazing feature. This cell phone covers all my expectations
Switching from an iphone to the Galaxy J7, I expected to feel like I downgraded, but that's not at all true! Picture quality is amazing, the apps I want are available, the screen size is perfect. The dual sim slots are a boon for traveling internationally as cards from 2 countries can remain installed simultaneously. The plastic back feels a little cheap in hand, but overall this is a great phone.
Fast and responsive
Don't support MHL. Don't buy if you want connect to TV.
This cellphone is amazing! ^^
Great product
Goodall pone. Work perfecto y in Nicaragua
Very good
excellent
for the price the phone is good. a few cons it takes forever to charge and face time don't work.
Great value for a phone. Samsung got the cheap phone down. It has a sturdy outer frame which protects the glass. Very happy with this purchase. I am with T-Mobile and this was almost $30 cheaper than the one offered at the store. Plus this version came with a dual sim card slot unlike the version from the store.
love everything about my phone the size the big fonts and huge dial size ect.
The only two things that disappointed about this phone is 1. The volume is extremely low.2. The back button & the two others along with it does not alluminate at night therefore you have to guess where there are. But overall it works perfectly
Great product...
Very good item good services i love itt
Love this phone!!!
Phone is great and way cheaper than buying on from ATT
Great phone works perfect thank you
Haven't had this phone for too long but I'm loving it. It's a great phone which is pretty easy to use. Great crisp display and very fast despite all of my dowloads. I especially like the screen size for reading and playing games. I'm enjoying this much more than my previous phone.
Full disclosure, I'm a fan of Samsung phones. With that being said, I have had problems with previous models: Galaxy S5 Active not being as "rugged" as advertised and the poor battery life of the Galaxy S6 leaving you to make strategic power saving decisions later in the day.That in mind, the Galaxy J7 greatly exceeded my expectations while being a fraction of the price as the more mainstream models.The phone is slightly larger than a Galaxy S6 and considerably smaller than the Galaxy Note which is nice if you want a larger screen without all the bulk. I like the larger screen because my fat thumbs constantly hit the wrong keys on smaller screens. The screen quality is just as good as the Galaxy S6 if not better. I would recommend getting a phone case with a kickstand so you watch your Netflix and youtube videos without having to hold it.My model did come with dual sim card ports which will be nice for travelling abroad, but I have read that only certain models have the dual ports so make sure you compare model numbers to get what you want.My only complaint is that it isn't 4G/4G LTE compatible with AT&T (or at least not where I'm located in the Pacific NW). I've heard of others accessing 4G networks but it doesn't work for me. But the H+ network (seems to be slightly faster/same speed as 3G) works great for most of my needs.Best of all is the long battery life. With light to medium use it will easily last 1.5-2 days no problem.Overall I'm very happy with my purchase and would recommend it to people looking for a solid alternative to the Galaxy S6.
This phone is really good. I was looking for an upgrade from a previous android phone. Am glad i purchased this one. The camera's are amazing' I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the pics are. The only downside is that the headphone is at the bottom but I could live with it. I would recommend this phone. Nb this is the 2015 version.
All right!
There is no 4G LTE (((
I am assuming a 5 star rating because I purchased this as a gift for a special female friend who lives in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is currently on its way to her and for certain she will provide details as to product quality.
Speedy delivery and works great
I love the need dual sim that send it back
Excellent
bueno
Nice
I LOVE IT!!!
excelente
Awesome phone. Works smoothly.
I realized after I bought the phone why It was discounted. I turned it on and everything was in Russian! After a quick switch to english everything has been completely fine.Since I bought the phone used "like new" I was worried. But Amazon has strict guidelines on what "like new" is supposed to be: box included, everything in the box, probably opened once, no scratches. I took a risk and now have an amazing phone for 70 dollars cheaper than listing price!I'm on T-mobile and it works fine. I even get better service indoors than my previous phone. This isn't comparable with the new tmobile 700 band however, so service indoors wont be as good as it could be...
GOOD
Had this phone less then a month and I must say it's great!!! The only thing is........ when I activated it on cricket I wasn't aware the internet wouldn't work unless the phone was an actual cricket phone😦.but it still works on WiFi of course. Just a heads up for cricket users
Loving this phone. It was a great choice. Fast delivery. For it give days after I order it. And am from the Caribbean.
It's a great cel
thanks good price
2nd one of these I have bought. I had a Galaxy S6 before this which was expensive and I lost it! Decided on this because it was far cheaper than the S series. The reality is that although the price is significantly different, the performance between this and the S series is not much different. It does all the things you need. The DUOS (Dual Sim) function is also super handy as a big traveler. Go for it.
Awesome phone
Great procut, totally satisfied
Every was fine
So far awesome phone. Much better than my Galaxy S 3. I will update review in a year. Hoping the phone lasts 3 years.
Nice
Perfect phone for the price. It's fast a little bit too big, but have no complains whatsoever at the moment. I love it.Screen size feels almost like a note hehehe.I do not give it 5 stars just because the headphones that came with it are hard and uncomfortable to wear.
Looks great. Working well. Only thing is that it cannot get 4g.
The phone arrived on time and is the exact thing i purchased. Just started using the phone and so far i am happy with my purchase. everything came was brand new and the box was sealed. I even got a wall adapter for the charger. There was also a 1 year warranty card attached to my purchase. I have ordered phones through amazon before and i have never had and issue.
it's unlocked, original and arrived on time
It's a great phone. Had it for a while (roughly 2 weeks). I' m glad I bought this phone and it it compatible with T-Mobile service. The speed is great and the camera is great quality. Only com is I keep getting the google play store is unresponsive error message and it gets annoying and the charger is meant for a European outlet so it kind of sucks if you don't have an adapter and chargers slower on other chargers.
i got it as back up phone until i get my iPhone 7 and it's really great and i don't feel i'm missing the iPhone
Very pleased with this purchase. Much cheaper than buying from T-Mobile directly, and quality is great. Thank you!
Purchased as a gift, went over very well, works great!
Works great
So far.- so good! This is a replacement/update to my.previous Samsung.which I was warned is subject to fires. I felt it warm in my pocket enough times to get rid.of it and purchase this beauty..THANKS!!!
Enjoying.
It's a really good phone at a very affordable cost, I love it. I have only had it for about a month. I read a few reviews saying the phone acts up after a while, I hope that doesn't happen since there's no warranty for the international version of the J7.
very good
Great phone even the FM radio works, and not so many polluting APPs, great amoled screen awesome.
Excellent
Excellent product
Great condition the only problem is that I have o I'm missing something to be able to plug in my phone into the wall
perfect!
Love it!!! No problems.
Works great awesome phone, takes the best pictures ever.
The features are great
Good!!!
I love it
Awsome Phone
Everything was good.
It's a great phone. Only down side that it doesn't have a music player installed. Thanks to Google play that's an easy fix.
Good to be the first day
love this phone! better price than my S5, and even faster than my S5.
Excelent product, everything ok. Thanks
It works great. Runs smoothly does not over heat. And the battery holds up a whole day.
This phone is amazing I must say that I love it. Delivery was very fast. This phone is not expensive at all and I have no problems what so ever. I was very shock that the phone had a front flash. St in I'm in love
Excelent
Very good phone!!
I am absolutely inlove with this phone. The battery life is more than 24hrs after using it constantly, it does not overheat, both cameras are perfecttttt.. I am inlove with the front flash. Honestly I've had a lot of samsung phones and this is a perfect choice.. I love it.. It's amazing..
It's good
Very satisfied with the phone. It works well. It was delivered earlier than as stated in its offered. However, the courier should knock the door or ring the bell at least to let the recipient know the package was there. I was in the house at that time expecting package.
phone is very nice but i received a damaged battery when i got it
Very nice phone
all excellent
This mobile is exceptionally good with all it's features and performance.Camera quality is excellent with 13 MP and 5 MP. I just don't carry my digital camera after getting this mobile as the pictures are clear.Audio is good.Dual sim option is another feature which attracted me towards this mobile. I was using 2 mobiles and need to get rid of one s it is difficult to maintain 2 mobiles. And this one, as advertised, is working well with 2 SIM cards / networks.It's been few months now I started using this mobile and didn't find any issues with it till date.Happy that I own a fantastic mobile for a decent price.Definitely recommended.
I love it
Loving it
Great phone!
excellent phone
Thanks!
I love this phone. I upgraded from a galaxy s4 and couldn't be happier with this one. Yeah, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles like the s6-s7 do, but I don't miss them. If you need a good fairly basic phone, I recommend this. My favorite feature is the larger screen.
Very good functions for the price
This phone is working like a dream. My mothers day gift to my self.
Really nice phone, takes great picture but wasn't Verizon compatible so I had to return it. Money was refunded very quickly.
Excellent
Everyting OK with the phone, recomended +10
Awesome
A nice product but the one I received does not have Music Apps.
Good
I LOVE.. IT to the max!
The phone was great. I bought it as a gift for someone in the Philippines. It did everything that it was supposed to do, and everything we wanted it to do. It had some features that seem to even work better than my own Apple phone. It was easy to navigate, and work well for everything. The only thing that was difficult with the phone was trying to transfer photos taken on the Samsung to my Apple iPhone. With the aid of my computer back home, I think we can transfer the photos with an app. I highly recommend the phone. It appears durable, and works in international situations. It was nice to be able to expand the memory with the memory card, do whatever we needed. Very good deal.
I llike it
I love it , it's very good phone !!!
very nie - I love it
Good but not great phone. If you're looking for a phone with great quality, save your money on this and look for another one. Satisfaction is not as big as it is. It doesn't come with accessories. It arrived in good condition, though.
Excellent!!
So,far so good.
Great phone and camera for the price.
Purchased this unlocked International phone as I live in the Caribbean and needed a phone that was compatible with Digicel. It arrived quickly, well packaged - with adequate instruction manual (kudos to the seller).The phone is user friendly, my 13 year old daughter began instructing me very sternly on how to use it . This is my first smart-phone and I visited Busch Gardens and Sea World with my daughters. I was amazed at the clear crisp photos and videos it was able to take. The phone itself feels substantial in my hands and it is not easy to slip out if you hold it carefully. Have used it for a few months with no issues.
Works great. Works for us in the Philippines and now we've setup on US networks. I'm glad we have 16 gigs memory which comes with this phone. 8 gigs isn't quite enough which I have on the J5 model which my family also uses.
i like it
I receive on time very good phone for this price
So far so good! Phone is beautiful and battery life is great...only thing I wish was different was the speaker a little louder but other than that a perfect choice...phone comes with all accessories and working well!
Great it is really fast and the camera is amazing! Love it!
This cell work just fine thanks
I loved the phone.. it was beautiful. No complaints there. Verizon wireless ensured me that this phone would on their network since it was unlocked, but it did not work and I had to return it. It's a great phone. I wish I could have kept it.
Great phone! The camera is great, and the earphones that come with allow people you call to hear all the background noises, like your siblings screaming or a glass getting dropped. The phone would sometimes go black or just show the background screen for a little bit, but other than that the phone is great!
I love this phone great pictures
Awesome phone. Worth the money
Excellent product. I change my Samsung S4 for this Cellular. Until now, works fine. Fast response, good photos, good memory space. recomended to standar user witch no have problem with this size of equipment. 100% Recomended
As expected. Week T-mobile signal in my house. Great for the price.
It's a wonderful instrument.. a little wider than I am accustomed to but I'm adjusting.. I would have preferred a better quality headphone though.I am happy with the purchase.
it's appearance it better than these pictures and I thought before. also, its hardware is nice, except the camera.
good
Great
Great quality and best of all I got it within a week. .
This phone is so awesome. I was so anxious I couldn't wait for it to deliver. When I receive it I was amaze, wasn't expecting such a big phone👍👍👍👍
I like it! Love It ...
Excelente
The Samsung Galaxy J7 is just perfect. I wanted a dual sim phone for my husband with enough memory for his files and photos and this was just perfect and affordable at the same time. I recommend this phone if you are looking for dual sim phone with lots of memory. It's also user friendly like Samsung's other models. He hasn't even explored all the features as yet. Battery life is fantastic. Goes through the whole day without having to charge it. Go for it!!!!
Very very nice product, i love it. Works great
I'm in love with Samsung. I owed the S3 for a few years and upgraded to the S5. When I wanted to travel to Europe this year, I wanted to keep in touch with family back home. That required an unlocked, international phone. I saw this and for the price, I thought I would give it a shot.I took this to Spain last week and I must say that it works like a champ. I bought a 20 Euro data sim card at the vodafone store. I was able to facebook, upload pics, and use the gps all week long. I had no surprises, outages, or overages.I love the battery life and I love the display. This also doesn't have as much bloatware as the phones you get from the cell phone companies.Oh, I did buy a 128 GB memory card as well. That was my only addition to this phone.This phone and me, we are going to see the world together.
Amazing Phones, good working good
it was way better than i expected. i have seen reviews on youtube and was debating if i should purchase it. at last i did and i do not regret it. it is a great product with great price. you would never expect a device like this with this price
Good phone apps run slow! Is this phone water'proof ?
This purchase definitely met my expectations. The phone came brand new and I have had no issues thus far. My favourite feature is the 13MP camera.
Great phone & work over seas
Nice.
Very good phone. Brand new in box.
mazing cell phone, has a huge screen, Corning Gorilla Glass, Super AMOLED Capacitive Multi - Touchscreen , Octa -core processor , 1.5GB of RAM, 13MP Primary Camera , front camera and 5MP With " Flash LED " amazing feature. This cell phone covers all my expectations
I am absolutely inlove with this phone. The battery life is more than 24hrs after using it constantly, it does not overheat, both cameras are perfecttttt.. I am inlove with the front flash. Honestly I've had a lot of samsung phones and this is a perfect choice.. I love it.. It's amazing..
It's good
Very satisfied with the phone. It works well. It was delivered earlier than as stated in its offered. However, the courier should knock the door or ring the bell at least to let the recipient know the package was there. I was in the house at that time expecting package.
phone is very nice but i received a damaged battery when i got it
Very nice phone
all excellent
This mobile is exceptionally good with all it's features and performance.Camera quality is excellent with 13 MP and 5 MP. I just don't carry my digital camera after getting this mobile as the pictures are clear.Audio is good.Dual sim option is another feature which attracted me towards this mobile. I was using 2 mobiles and need to get rid of one s it is difficult to maintain 2 mobiles. And this one, as advertised, is working well with 2 SIM cards / networks.It's been few months now I started using this mobile and didn't find any issues with it till date.Happy that I own a fantastic mobile for a decent price.Definitely recommended.
I love it
Totally in love with this phone what can i say works fast both cameras work wonderful just love it......Using in the Caribbean (Barbados)
Love my phone
Good outcome for the price. Worth it for a medium lever tier where it competes
I love the phone! Came earlier than expected..
This phone is great. It is the international version of the S7. I love that it is different from the S7 in that it doesn't come bogged down with unnecessary apps. There are a few apps that would have been appreciated as I used them often but it's not the end of the world. The benefit is the storage freed up on this phone as opposed to the S7.I was able to easily have it connected to my att&t account and so far so good. It operates beautifully, connects to WiFi flawlessly and I haven't suffered any freezes or other malfunctions. I will update after I have used it for a longer period of time.
Yes
excellent product, low cost.
Better than I expected. Boyfriend had tons of Samsung phones before and I bought this as a present. It's about the size of the iPhone 6 Plus and just packed with features. It's one of the best phones out there without buying an S7. Definitely worth it.
Very nice phone. Bought it for my huzz he loves it so much. He is very impressed with the battery life. Although he uses the phone a lot the battery lasts a whole day and more. I have recommended twould shoppers to purchase this phone from your store. Also thanks for the prompt delivery
Outstanding!!! Great phone for the price, was all IPhone for years and now its Samsung all the way. Was easy to set up and ended up buying two more for wife and her sister.
Owned for two weeks. Loving it so far.
Great phone I love it!
Better than expected . . .
Love this phone! Fast and good resolution! I would recommend it!
Wow! Great phone at a great price. Still amazed by all it provides. Amazing how so much technology has come together to give such a great package. I'm not used to this size phone; it's a bit huge for my hand. I'm accustomed to smaller phones. Anyway, I've found a way to carry it around! But hey, bigger is better now. I can see stuff much clearer without having to use my glasses ALL the time! That's a plus! Best phone I've had ever!! Oh, and delivery service from this supplier is top of the line. Thumbs up!!
Good Phone
It's a awesome for an awesome priceLove it!!!!!!
Thanks
Excellent
Nice seller. On time. Just as expected. Recommenden
Wasn't the correct model (was looking for US 2016 edition), but happy none the less. Still blowd the doors off an iphone.
Todo OK !!!
Love it but was bigger than I thought
VERY GOOD!
Got my phone in two days..Unlocked as advertise .Brand new phone.I love it. I will definitely order from this seller again
bought this for my wife. she loves it. display is very clear. for me the phone is a little big in size, but my wife says it fits great in her purse.
It's a great phone for the price the only problem I have is sending and receiving video and picture messages. I'm also with straight talk and live in Mississippi.
Excellent
Good
EXCELENT
This phone is everything I have no problems with this device easy to use fast response.my favorite thing is the camera off course i am a selfie junkie and that camera gives me life.
muy bueno
Great phone, much better than expected
first class
I loveeeeeeeeee my new phone. It's reasonable and was shipped really quick.
Since I've been using this phone which is about a month, I have never had Amy major issues with it . it has a nice audio, resolution, fast sensitivity to touch, camera both front and back. The only minor faults i have with it is its lack of multitasking and not adjust to light background for the camera. Except for that, it is really nice and durable because lord knows how many times I've dropped this phone in over a month and it still works adequately. I would highly recommend this phone to any buyer
I really love my new phone. The screen resolution is brilliant and the speed of the micro- processor dazzling .clarity on calls is more than adequate. The front flash camera takes vibrant photo's,Nd the dual sim card capability is a huge plus . Great at the price and highly recommend it .
Muy bueno
I had only $300 left and I need a phone to be safe while in school so I took the leap of faith and bought this phone for $219. With Amazon Prime, it came in two days and in perfect shape. I don't regret my purchase and I am glad I made it. There's nothing really negative I can say about this phone because everything is perfect. It even gives you the option to upgrade to Marshmallow.The battery life lasts all day. I charged my phone at 8am and it is 8:20pm right now and I still have 46% left. The video quality is the best I've ever seen coming from a not so great Galaxy Core Prime c:The camera is perfect just in low light it is kinda noisy and the colours are a slightly more saturated than they look in real life.The phone is easy to work and you get a loottt of space and the gold colour is beautiful. When you run your fingers over thebscreen it feels smoth like butter. There's no lags or glitches. It takes a while to fully charge though. The only thing I can say that isn't a pro to this phone is the autofocus. The autofocus drives you insane.Buy this phone you wont regret it ^•^STOP PROCRASTINATING AND SECOND GUESSING!!! GET IT FELLOW COSTUMER!! HURRY BEFORE THEY'RE OUT OF THE PRICE GOES UP.
This phone was exactly as I expected
works great
I bought 3 months ago. It looks good, works well. Excellent for the price.
I recieved it very quickly. but i still dont know how to work it.
It was more than I could ask for.I love my phone,super fast speed.
Phone works great.
I love it!!
Perfect business , I so love it
The phone works with almost all carriers and the seller was great answered all my question. The phone is great absolutely love it! Will buy from seller again!
love my phone use it on cricket
More than I expected
Got my galaxy mega 2 in the mail yesterday, phone looks like the same phone in the picture on amazon. Phone is unlocked. I took it to metro pcs and lady said it could not be activated because they are on t-mobile towers. I took it to another location and told the guy and he scanned the phone and activated it for me.. phone is working like it should. Moves pretty fast. Battery has great life to it so far. Bulky big phone. No scratches or dings came with 2 chargers and ear Bud. Flawless job. Now I'm just wanting on my tempered glass and outter box to arrive in the mail.. thanks u gadget. Appreciate doing business with you..
Not great but it does the job.
Excelent
I brought this phone for my husband and he love it. He waas always complaining that the screen was to small on his other phone. Now he is able to see everything without having to put on his glasses.
So far this product has met my expectation. I read some negative review from other users but for me, after 3 months of use it perfect for its price nd function. The only thing is sometimes i hv to charge it twice depending on how i used it which is still normal. The more drain water in your body the more u need to consume more water for the replacement.I love it and might be the phone i will use again this get messed up.
Though its not brand spankin new (Not an issue considering I knew it was used when I ordered it) this phone works WAY better than I expected! Ive had a note 4 that did not work as well and the battery died significantly faster. I Absolutely love the size and the feel of it in my hand, and I will be using this phone until it falls apart in my hand and is absolutely useless.
It was like new my granddaughter loves it. Works perfectly !!!
i am very happy with this item
Is this phone is made in China or Korea?
Love this phone best ever
Great phone just as described beautiful screen and fast on the cricket network!!!!
Bigger than note 4. The display looks great and sharp, Don't use auto-brightness to get the best display. Great value for the price, lots of features
Great
very good phone
Omg!! This phone is so beautiful. .just the right size..very satisfied! ! 5 stars all the way!!
great
Love this phone!!! No complaints, had the first one and never any problems.
Came on time with charger, ear buds and little packet. Very very happy. Only one tiny scratch on the screen, barely used.
I recieved it very quickly. but i still dont know how to work it.
It was more than I could ask for.I love my phone,super fast speed.
Phone works great.
I love it!!
Perfect business , I so love it
The phone works with almost all carriers and the seller was great answered all my question. The phone is great absolutely love it! Will buy from seller again!
love my phone use it on cricket
EXCELLENT ITEM AND TRANSACTION
This phone is big and is great for video watching.The phone is quality and the battery last a long time.This can replace a 5 inch phone and a 7 inch tablet.I have found here at Amazon 3 different cases and screen covers all of which are great.The phone is really fast but not designed to be the best like the Samsung S5.The lower price is for people like me that want to use the phone and not brag about it
I bought this for a friend and she is so happy this item is got everything and more you can handle it Thanks . Jacob
I bought this for my son and he likes it very much.It's being dual sim is good for him as he uses two phones now
Great phone, very easy to use, good size, and extra large font if you want it, love it recommend it highly
Phone arrived in two days and was exactly as advertised. Bought it to replace my iphone 4. I will never go back to an iphone again after using this one.
Great phone ... No problem so far , I'll update more at a later date .. Thanks you very much
I luv my phone... it a great product....... and function very well ...Thank you very much... I love it yeap
I purchased this phone February 16 and received it February 25. I went to Walmart and got the $60 Starter kit from Straight Talk, followed ALL the instructions and I was set and ready to make and receive calls and texts and had no issues with my WiFi or Data connections.So far there is nothing about this phone I don't like, one of my favorite features is Multi Window mode and the different modes on the camera. The phone comes with a USB charger but it has a funky looking adapter so I just removed that and used one of my adapters with the cord. It also comes with some Samsung ear buds, but I doubt they will last long so I will only use them for emergency backup as I already have my own over the ear.
I am so satisfied with my purchase! Now I'm just waiting on the case, so my phone can continue to look new.
Great phone. Does almost everything you could ask a phone to do. Fast and has a long lasting battery. Great buy.
I love my new phone it was shipped fast...which is a plusNo problem so far had it a couple days now hope it stays that way!!!
Phone is great but flash not working, could i get an exchange
Arrived on time,great phone. Works like a charm. Thanks
excellent product
Awesome phone I love it...
it works and that's all it matters =)
I love my Samsung Galaxy Mega! ... Perfect for me!
Great buy better then described
Arived quickly in very good shape "very minor signs of use" It functions perfectly. Just as described. I would definitely shop with these guys again.
Yep it's a Samsung. Slow to open apps. Buy ok over all.
I still have this phone after several months, i bought it used so it does have some defects, which is the back key, i have to press it several times for it to respond.
I love this phone, I had some issues in the beginning but I was contacted quickly and I'm very pleased with the phone and the service I received.
I love the size it's BIG beautiful display. Easy to use great features I received a brand new phone the shipping was fast the seller was great. Be careful what seller you use I bought from USA best deals they respond to your questions fast shipping is fast product as described. The phone to me is just a little slow not a deal breaker. Calls are good, speaker phone good, its really a nice phone. Get the extended warranty.
I love my phone. I can't put it down. I had a 8gb galaxy mega 6.3 and it died. This galaxy mega has more features.
Excellent
This is a great phone and it works well with Straight Talk. I purchase a black one From a different company Through Amazon and it was prior to this one and it was horrible. If you decide to purchase a Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 get it from this company.
Mega Samsung takes some getting used to. From a note 2 decided on this version. Once bugs fixed out with my sim card . Please be advised to make sure related case fits...!Unfortunately, Though case was listed by this 1527 series, I ended up with the clear, poetic case, but for a different mega phone. But confusing since seen identical and listed same.This case does not fit right, and aggravating. The unlocked but At+t carrier, with a few bugs and fixes, works fine with straight talk service. Hope this helps. Do your homework. Also have Hard time mirroring to new Sony smart tv. My old Htc 8, I thought I'd rid....? Not going away too soon. Otherwise💘mega! Enjoy and hope this helps.
Love the Phone. Tremendous value (way less than half the price as compared to a Galaxy 7 and works great). I frankly don;t know whay peopl buy Galaxy 7s as such exhorbidant prices.
I had a small smart phone and I couldn't use it for reading or browsing - the screen was way too small. I'd have to squint, and it hurt my eyes and head. Solution: Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3!! LOVE the big screen! Great phone in all other respects, too. Heavy for long calls - speaker phone comes in handy then
Amazing phone. Absolutely love it.
as expected
good
This phone is well worth the purchase if you like big phones. Not too big and not too small. 4 stars because it only upgrades and high as the Kitkat build when there is Lollipop and Marshmallow but it STILL performs greatly.
Its ok, But u can not make ur nose smaller.. I had a galaxy mega before and I was making parts of my body smaller
As advertised very satisfied with product.
It was better than what I expected and worked perfectly.
I HAVE BEEN WANTING A SAMSUNG GALAXY MEGA 6.3 AT&T FOR A YEAR. I JUST NOW GOT MY FIRST MEGA 6.3 AND I LOVE IT. I THOUGHT IT WAS BIG I JUST DIDN'T IMAGINE THE PHONE WAS THIS BIG. WOW. I LOVE IT. SO READY TO PUT THIS PHONE ON STRAIGHT TALK. CAN'T WAIT TO START USING THIS PHONE.
Awesome!!!!!!
cam ein faster than expected and looked brand new
Love it everything perfect
Love it. Hard to find a charger but it's a wonderful phone.
Good phone
Cool phone cloud 9
Love my new phone! Everything I have wanted. Very big!!!
Great Phone, and huge footprint. This phone is amazing for the price! It came unlocked and the condition was like new. People think I am walking around with a one thousand dollar phone with this massive 6.3" display. Only one small problem tho... it has a 720p on this gigantic display (looks like 1080p though.)
Phone is awesome !
When 1st plugged in to charge it got real hot & would not turn on....later we tried it again and it had cooled down & worked. Since then we have not had any issues with it getting hot. Doing fine & works like it is meant to.
good product and great service
I love my phone
LOve, love love it!
I enjoy the much larger screen than my previous galaxy s5. I have had no issues with this phone. I get about the same battery life as I did with s5. It is preinstalled with all of AT&T's junk apps that can not be removed but you can disable them.
I love the phone for its size. It looks exactly how I'd always pictured it. However, it does heat up around the cameera area as soon as you start to talk on it while the rest of the body remains extremely cool. Now since my phone is refurbished, I'm not sure if it's a defect or what. Other than that, it's great.
Great
I love it. it's a great phone and a great size, for the money.
excellent thanks.. i love it im glad it..
I love this phone
I love it
My daughter bought this phone and she loves it!! Says everything she needs is right where she needs it. .easy to use.
Works well on metro pcs and love the big screen will recommend this to anybody that loves big screen phones
Great! Thanks!!
Arrived before the date and came with more accessories then I thought were coming.
Wife loves her phone.
Just as described, good product, good quality
Received my phone today.love the size I have the mega 5 so this is much bigger. I love it I use simple Mobile and I just transferred my information from my 5 to this one .Glad I purchased it.Thank you
I just received my phone and I'm loving it this phone is Everything I imagined Samsung mega6.3 is amazing
This phone is a blessing from essential christ.
What a savings buying it as a refurb! One thing happened though that turned out to be easily resolved: my PC didn't recognize the phone when it was connected. I was on the phone for 2 hrs with Samsung but they couldn't help me. I finally decided to call the Seller thinking I got a defective phone but I was so wrong. I should've called him first! He answered from his cell phone & knew exactly what to do. He walked me through a couple steps, undoing what they needed to do to unlock the phone. ("Dial" *#0808# & then the USB settings come up. Changed it to MTP+ADB & that's it!) We're good to go. He was very professional & asked me to call him first if i have any other issues.I was able to insert my T-Mobile SIM card & everything has been working great.
I have had nothing but good days so far and to be an older model phone I'm very satisfied thanks amazon
Awesum phone big enough for netflix but small enough so you dont look like your carrying a tv? this seller is great really fast shipping and all the goodies come with hd video and alot of memory if you like bigger phones this is absoulty the way to go thank you samsung. Gerry
I bought it because my first one was stolen and this model is no longer available at the stores. It has the largest screen face and with my bad eyes that's a high priority. I can read my books, check mail, and read the fine print without eye strain. I don' t need to carry my tablet around, or worry about getting an Internet connection. The screen is large enough for small group work. I often use it during class to help develop vocabulary or a concept. I love the way both galaxy and Google can help kids who are struggling readers on my phone by helping them access information using their voice . I have several resources that accomplish this and other functions, but this one resource, my phone, ties them together. I was up for a free phone or tablet with my plan, but I'l stick with my mega; thank you.
love it! quick send too!
I love this phone. I needed big and it is big, durable with great functionality!
Better than expected
It was ok
Works good.
Good
Love my BIG phone
Love it
So Far I Love It.
It's okay.
Love it very much
make sure you buy drop warranty.. the screen is very fragile.. it will crack even when dropped within 1 feet.
every thing good but box was open and crush
Thank you. Delivery was on time and i love the phone!!
I had an S4 but this is much better. It's big enough to mount on dash/windshield and see nagivation/Waze app.
This phone works great and it's well worth its value. It was just what I was looking for.
Great phone....large screen...and the seller is wonderfull fast delivery of my new samsung galaxy
Great
phone is perfect!
Fast. Shipping wonderful works beautifully
Good seller. 5 stars . Im happy with my phone.Thank you.''
I LOVE this phone and size! The phone came as described and I haven't had problems with it like past phones I've ordered online.
I was skeptical about this being refurbished. I've had this phone two days and it works great and there were zero defects, scratches or blemishes. I would rate the phone I got at 10 out of 10, it's that good. Big beautiful display. I use Straight Talk and this phone is 4G LTE. Great call quality. Shipping was also very fast. I ordered on Monday night and received Wednesday @ 3:00 pm with two day shipping.
This is my third Samsung Galaxy phone since they started making smart phones.Pros: Love the big screen and larger keyboard since I have larger fingers than a womans fingers. It has all the features of the other Galaxy phones such as S4. Seems to be built reasonably solid. It will still fit in my shirt pocket too. It has replaceable battery and extra slot for storage card.Cons: Batter life could be better with a upgrade to a bigger battery if available. The screen is 720 dpi I believe. My S4 phone videos seems to be just a tad better but this one is good only a gamer would probably care. This ones processor seems to lag more than my S4 but then it could b do to internet download speed from the cell phone towers. The note is probably a better phablet but this screen on this is awsome with it's huge size. I got the unlocked version so i could choose the best carrier and phone deals too which is a plus for me. One thing to note as with most smartphones a lot of blot ware is pre installed so be careful what additional apps you install. This phone has the 16 gb internal storage don't buy one with 8gb internal storage or you will soon run out of storage unless you ad a storage card to the device.
SOONERSOFT ELETRONICS ...awesome dealerl! HANDS DOWN GOOD CONDITION looks like brand spankin new all that had to be done was program straight Talk into the phone switch chips and boom lame to fame;)
I love this phone. it's so big, I can see every letter. It does not take good cleat pictures from a distance, However, for my purposes, it works fine.
It's just a good phone, I like the size and everything about it
Good phone
I am loving this phone and all the wonderful features. Fabulous!!!!!
Very nice
Good
The phone is greet and it works just like described.
Great phones fast shipping
I bought this to replace the Blu Studio & LTE that was giving me trouble. I also bought it from Amazon. I have not had any trouble with this Galaxy mega. I just wish it was bigger. I do miss the screen size I had with the Blu, but I don't miss the problems. This is a great phone. Samsung is a reliable brand. Blu was not reliable at all.
Thank you
Arrived quickly, and was truly unlocked. I know i'm about 3 years late purchasing this phone but I LOVE it. It's huge. lol
all ok with the device
Just the size phone I wanted. I have meto pcs. So far so good.
love it
great phone
I love the galaxy Mega. The Size is good to handle.I bought mine used but it works great!! I am very happy with it. I have it on metro PC's service. I had no problems activating it. I would buy it again. And i recommend it
The screen is the largest of any phones. I like that because I read a lot and have placed 1,800 books on it. Further, I have added over 140 hours of classical music. It's battery charge lasts a long time. I nearly always have over 80 percent of the charge remaining each day. My typical day is listening to music, reading and answering the phone...all at once. It came with 16 Gigabytes of storage and I added another 64 Gigabytes. I'm sure the phone will get old before I run out of space.The operating system is Android...over 70% of all devices now run Android. Being an old computer geek, I found this operating system to be very well done. I've not experienced any problems with it. The function and capability of Android terrific. I quickly learned my way around the operating system with a hour of playing with it. Even learning to control what apps I have running has been an easy task
love the big screen and I just love my samsung phones
I like the phone, it met all my expectations. The first time I saw it, I liked it.
Awesome
I HAD TO CONTACT SELLER AND THEY RESOLVE PROBLEM FAST, TELEPHONE WORKS PERFECTLY, VERY GOOD ITEM
Great price for a large Samsung cell. I like the big screen for reading and use of key board. Easy to hold while using; but a bit awkward to carry around. much better phone strength compared to my S5... although seems to lack some S% versatility
I received my phone on time as promised. I was nervous to have spent that amount of money for a phone by just reviewing pictures online. But was very pleased after I received it. It looks new no damage, this phone is indeed huge. Just what I wanted I LOVE IT!
Phone came really fast and it was in great physical shape will update post once we set it up
Real nice, came in great condition, bigger then I expected
Wonderful phone love it!!!
Thanks, great deals
I enjoy this phone very much. I purchased it to function as my everyday computer, and with the bluetooth keyboard and mouse I purchased for it, it will do great as just that. It is compatible with OTG and MHL. I have large hands, and so holding it isn't a problem, although, of course, with such a large phone, reaching the top of the screen with your thumb is never easy. I'm purchasing an iRing knockoff (and securing it with the built in anchor point as a fail-safe) in order to make it easier to hold, support the phone as a stand, and also give me a place to put a carabiner to clip it onto my jeans. That is my only real complaint, that it is so hard to find a case that you can be sure will work for it, and even if you do, the case is just hanging around empty while you use your phone; my three-in-one solution then was an iRing and a carabiner. An extra complaint for AT&T though related to this phone is that you will not be able to easily update it to 4.4.2 unless you have an AT&T sim card. The only way to do it otherwise is to use a program called Odin to manually install the update: http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-mega/general/stock-odin-firmware-i527-4-4-2-t2835136 (this will erase all of your data). To get the phone into download mode it is volume down (not up) + power + home all at the same time.I purchased this product used but the only problems were that the screen has damage so that a dark purple spot appears in the lower left corner of the screen rather than black and the case is slightly bent at the top. I do have to say though that the carrying case sent with it in no way fits the phone; it does, however, fit the pico projector that I purchased to go with the phone.
Good
GOOD PHONE. NOT TOO MANY SCRATCHES. i HAVE NOT TRY THE PHONE YET BUT I HOPE IT WILL WORK PROPERLY
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Did not get all that was advertised!
I only got the phone and the charger not the other two items but the phone works great
Amazing I am very happy with this phone!
Cool phone cloud 9
good
I can't access the emoji keyboard when I am on Facebook. Everything else about this phone is great.
This is a nice, big phone. It is missing some of the bells and whistles of my S3, but it does have dual SIM capability, and I am finding it quite workable.
Love my new phone.
Perfect
The phone is big great and everything a cell phone should be poeple ask me can they check it out to much get your own lol 😆.
I love my new phone. Got here early and can be used for straight talk. Haven't had any problems with it and I am very satisfied love love love.......
It's meant my expectation. I will recommend to any of my friends who require one. I also wish to commend the seller for the timely delivery of the stuff. Hopefully, it will continue to keep the custom for her buyers. Thanks
This is an upgrade to another android. So far everything is good. The battery life is very good and response time is also good. The only draw back as compared to my other android is the low resolution screen when viewing videos. It's performance is mediocre.
Arrived on time and was exactly and described! I bought as a gift for a friend and they are in love with it! Great job guys! I'll be ordering Again soon!
It's a good phone but on my network which is net10 att network because of the phone im unable to receive picture mail and I been getting picture mail with my old phone so im disappointed. ..internet connection is also slow at times on this phone..I had to go through several apn settings to get it to work...the phone company stated because of the type of phone it doesn't guarantee picture mail and that sucks!! For $335 I expected to give this phone 5 stars
The product was november it didn't satisfied my expectation. I lost my money on it. I wish french language on it like majorities of the electronics have. When I sent this product to my country nobody want it and there is not anyway the set up the french language. I lost about $2000. Sorry I didn't like that part a all.
Nice phone
Great buy... serving the purpose
Love love love this phone! All I had to do was go to Tmobile and get a mini SIM card which was just $10 and presto! Perfect size to play my apps and watch Netflix. Brand new and at a great price.
Sweet phone, I got it for my woman, it's perfect. I'm thinking of one for myself now.
Ar first was so apprehensive about purchasing this phone any phone for that matter over the net but i am pleased to say that i am very happy with this selection. You will not be disappointed at all.
I am using straight talk wireless. It works great. After 32 years with sprint paying a lot more for the service. just keep up the good work of quality products and I will talk about you for life.Thanks for saving me 600.00 and two years of contract.
Satisfied with the product. It met my need. I will recommend it to friends.
Love it!!
Awesome, especially with the same new updates.
Excellent !
good
This is a nice, big phone. It is missing some of the bells and whistles of my S3, but it does have dual SIM capability, and I am finding it quite workable.
Love my new phone.
The phone is big great and everything a cell phone should be poeple ask me can they check it out to much get your own lol 😆.
I love my new phone. Got here early and can be used for straight talk. Haven't had any problems with it and I am very satisfied love love love.......
Fantastic phone love the large 6.3 display hooked it up to Straight Talk with Sim card had no problems.
Very good, perfect size for traveling, it replaces other electronics. I just wish the resolution were I little higher.
Love my new phone
This shipped very fast. I absolutely love the size and so far I love the phone.
I love it! great product
Mega is very nice
The phone was bought for my wife. She is very happy about it. She said the phone is better than the Blackberry 9700 she was using before. She is particularly happy about the large characters and the ease of sending text messages and email. She said the phone is great and she will recommend it to her friends.Egbida 1989.
Awesome so far.
I LOVE THIS PHONE, BUY IT. I first had it in black, but then some idiot stole it. I had to buy it again. White is cool but I only purchased the white one this time because the black one was not Amazon prime and I wanted my phone like now.
This has got to be the best phone around for the price. It's fast, the display is clear, the camera is surprisingly good. The WiFi calling feature is fabulous. Yes, I'd recommend this phone.
This is a big assed phone. Have a galaxy 3,so its really great to have the same great phone in a bigger package. I use it often in place of a tablet. When i go to meetings at work i can attach my jump drive to view documents or agenda.
By the price it is a great product, much better to visualize that any other phone. Skype works great !!!
Because i love my phone. It is the best one i have purchased thus far...not planning on buying another phone for a few yea
Wanting a over sized screen to eliminate having to carry around a 7-8" tablet and a phone, I decided I needed a phablet would be a good option and I couldn't be happier. I tried out the Note 3, the Sony Z Ultra, HTC One Max and the Nokia 1520 and each of them were great in one way or another, but ultimately it was very obvious that I favored the Mega 6.3 over them all AND it was the cheapest! No amount of money can buy a better phone, believe me I tried to top this and simply couldn't.I can't possibly explain how much I enjoy this phone. Hands down, this is the best phablet available. LOVE IT!
I've been using this phone now for six months while here in South America. It's been really great so far. There have been times that the phone seems to crawl, but I cannot say that it's the fault of the device. I really love this phone and I would buy it again.
GREAT PHONE FOR MY MUSIC ETC .WORKS GREAT
Very nice phone but I've had a hard time getting it set up and getting used to it, since I'm not very technically adept. However, it's nice and large and easy to read - multiple settings - sure beats the heck out of those little phones that you can barely see! Also quite economical for what you get - worth the money, for sure. But be sure to buy the insurance policy that's offered with it. (You'll have to buy your own car charger, but they aren't that expensive.)
A little small but worth the price
excelente
Works great and except a few nice it was like new
very nice
I absolutely love this phone!!! The battery life is EXCELLENT!!! It's unlocked which is perfect for me because I travel a lot. This is perfect for people who play game on the phone and watch videos. The screen is huge. It does everything the galaxy S and note phones do except there's no pen. My Seller was exceptionally prompt, professional!!! Shipped my phone as soon as I ordered it.
exelente
I'm so in love with this phone.
I was worried it wouldn't work with Simple Mobile (a sub carrier of T-Mobile), but it works well. It seems to flip between 3G and Edge a lot, but that happened on my HTC as well. Oh, and to get internet I had to use the top SIM slot. I tried the bottom one first, but that only gave me phone service.The phone itself seems to be as fast or faster than my HTC One X. I don't think this can really be the case though as the HTC was a quad core and faster processors I believe, but for whatever reason, this phone performs extremely well and seems to be more stable. Battery life is okay, but I wasn't expecting much there as it's such a large screen.Really happy with the purchase. Phone is fantastic, especially when you factor in the price.
Best decision I made on a phone. Everthing is perfect on it. Definitely worth the money will keep in mind next time I need new phone again.
Delivered incredibly quickly which was appreciated because the one I'd ordered originally never came. As for the phone- my mom loves it. The screen is nice and large like she likes, and there are apps for days.
I got my phone today. The shipping was fast and the phone is a beauty. I love the size, the features and the ease of setting up. I really enjoy this phone and I will be checking out all it has to offer. Great work Samsung. Oh BTW it does have the motion and facial feature and all the bells and whistle. Beautiful!!!
It is a lot of fun using it.It looked good. And i can do all my daily use in the Internet with it fast.And the camera is great to.
I purchased 2 of these phones for prepaid service. They set up easily for being international phones. These are legit and not a cheap knock off. Samsung makes quality products. This phone is big however there is one hand operation in the settings that make it easy to use.
Like the size and HSPA+ speeds. I enjoy the multi window display.Went to T-Mobile and purchased a microsim card and was even able to port my old phone number over. Only con I found was that the screen alone sucks down 40% of battery power. But that is my .02 cents. A big plus is that you can swipe to text, you just have to enable it in settings.
Hi! I'm in FL and i purchased this cell...so far I LOVE It!!! it's everything i wanted and more and have no complaints. It's smaller than the 6.3 --- which is so much better, as I am only 4"11 and have small hands. LOLMy ONLY caution is to purchasers who are buying this cell for usage in the United States - this cell (because it is Int'l) has TWO ports for the SIM card - which you have to purchase from your cell provider. That's not a problem, they're like $15 - $20. For my provider, the 2nd port is what works in the US. (that's at the lower end of the battery) But because you are using the 2nd port, you MAY have to bring your cell into your provider store for them to change the settings in your phone to recognize the 2nd port as the MAIN port.And that's it --- outside of that - this cell is AWESOME! I love it!
I bought this phone for my mom and she loves it. She can see the screen and its pretty user friendly. She also hasnt lost it yet. Great buy!
i am so happy with the pone, it is great and nice performance, i recomended 100 % lo lo lo
The phone is not as powerful as the note 2 or 3, but it is a great phone and gets the Job done.
Just what i needed for work. Thank you. Works great for everything I use it for. The only thing is that didn't know it was at&t or I would never had bought it.
Way too many cool features and the digital camera is just awesome! Images are so clear, sound so crisp! A good buy!
The phone is very fast I like the colors the resolution screen its little big but we head phone is ok
Bout this phone around December and I am a very happy satisfied customer. Very happy with my purchase. Got it cut on with bring your own phone straight talk activation!!! Out of the 4 SIM cards that came with the bring your own phone activation, I had to put the t-mobile sim in the phone, I told myself I don't want t-mobile towers I want AT&T, we'll, I called straight and they took me from point a to point b to set-up my samsung galaxy mega gt-i9152 and even told me the settings to change in order to get picture mail and Internet and AT&T towers, had no problems, I've read reviews of other comments of problems with picture mail and internet, problem solved, just ask them to help you with those settings!!! Great buy for me!!!!
for the wife. works just great for her. she uses it in her work and easy and convenient for her. she is happy and i am very satisfied...
It is an amazing phone works well better than my last phone I like the quality on the phone its good to watch tv on it also I rate this phone full
Thank you very much.
the only thing I dont like is short battery life
FINE
loved this phone..i hade it for just about 2years and has lasted thru some of the worst conditions im vary hard on my phones!!!!!i at least dropped it 3 times a day..vary loud spearker i have had 0 problems with it.super light.couldnt give it any more stars or i would!!!i love my mega!!
Great phone, awesome screen, & easy to function! Definitely worth the money I spent.
very satisfied
Awesome
Nice phone.
FAST shipping! Recieved a foreign charger with it though. Other then that it was great.
Good.
Very good
Love it!
Good
Inspite of the negative comments about this product not working for a particular GSM carrier here in the US, I gave it a try...and it worked perfectly once I set it up with the appropriate microSIM card! I'm happy with my decision and so far so good, although the battery usage is somewhat not that great. I recommend this one, especially for people who have vision problem (like myself) where I can dial numbers and read text messages easier.
Works perfectly, arrived on time,and found all the accessories I needed all in one place. Keep up the good work.....😊
Mic dose not allways work on calls. Must hang up and text when this happens often. Other then that this phone is very good. CONTRARY TO UTUBE REVIEWS IT DOSE FIT MY POCKET EASY.
Love It. Best phone I've ever had. Works great, extra volume for music, easy to operate and great visual feature.
Really good for the price. Meets all expectations.
Excellent
I love this phone! I'm in the US and of course my Verizon SIM card did not work (even after I had the SIM card cut down). Good news, I went to WALMART and purchased a $10.00 SIM card from AT&T and another card from the WALMART plan that uses T-Mobile cell towers. WOW, I can chose which carrier to use as this phone hold 2 SIM cards. Light, slim, and stylish! A must buy!!PS: If you run the phone without a SIM card, the instructions are in Chinese.
If you are aware of what you are buying the phone is excellent. It is definitely not a NOTE 3 and it is a little bit oversize. But if you want a big screen and dual sim together from a trusted manufacturer you do not have much choices. As a result if you can tolerate the size I think this is the best phone you can buy.Dual sim works perfect. I gave up my Galaxy s4 to use this dual sim device and I am happy. Actually a regular user can not see a big difference from the s4 aside from the size and display quality.Buy it with confidence if you need a big display with dual sim. Otherwise dont bother.
Very portable
It works well and I've had no problems so far.I'm taking 2 star off because of the bulls*** apps Samsung phones come with but that aside the phone works very well
Fast shipping good quality product
love the phone
Like my phone.
excellent
Had my Mega for sometimes now. I use it as a Phone and a Tablet. Performance is great. Froze up on me once, I did a factory reset and I had no problem since.
Love it
Great item.
Still have the phone works great! couldnt ask for more
he loves his phone
I ordered it Monday got it Wednesday..... Love the phone it's so big takes really good pictures great reception works great with straight talk .
Product good
Great love this phone i would recomended to all my friends and family
This phone works great on MetroPCS, no problems I would recommend to everyone!
I bought the Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8" from Best Price Mobile, and it was here in a flash. Am running it on Straight Talk (am a 3-year customer with only great things to say about the company) with no problems whatsoever. Up to this point, I have been using a Samsung Galaxy 2, and by comparison, the screen on the Mega is just that - MEGA!!! It is not a luxury device and does not have Gorilla Glass, but that's OK, because I bought it knowing what I'm getting - a solid Samsung product with a huge screen for use as a phablet while I am traveling with time to burn. (Here's a very informative review of the phone: http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/08/30/att-galaxy-mega-6-3-review-im-not-sure-i-should-like-it-but-i-kind-of-do/).Update: The Mega is running fabulously on Straight Talk. I was able to activate the phone and move my number from my old Straight Talk-branded Samsung Galaxy 2 with zero problems or hassle - it took literally about 15 seconds online. The process could not have been easier. To get full use of service, I updated the APN settings per the online instructions provided by Straight Talk. The Klix leather folio case fits the Mega perfectly.Update: I must return the phone due to a pixel problem. After I took off the colored Samsung screen protector that came on the phone (I had given it a trial run with the colored protector still on it), I noticed a small round spot on the screen with what looked like a tiny oil slick around it. When I touched the off-screen, the "oil slick" would move in the direction of my finger. Best Price Mobile immediately sent me a return label.
Once you buy this phone you will never want an IPhone again!! Does twice as much as the IPhone. The video is incredible! Will recommend again and again!! You will love this phone!!
Great product no problems at all
Love it.
Very good phone. Love the 2 Sim card use
Wow. Okay first, I ALWAYS have ordered my phones off of Amazon. 9 of 10 were knockoffs...this one actually being a real Samsung is pretty awesome. The only difference with this product is the sizes. Samsung's idea of making a legit "international" Mega for this price is pretty great for doing so. This phone is LARGE and actually light weight. The battery....which I wish came with another...is outstanding! This phone is a 5.8 in...so yes a bit smaller...but for the price and actual value... I give it 5 stars. I'm currently using it with Straighttalk At&t...picmail actually works too. It does take a MICROSD card...which is like $7 from their site. I can't say there's anything I don't like about it. If you have questions just ask!
Omg...this phone is the bomb...first I must say, it's worth your buy. I bought it for international use in the Caribbean, it will take some getting use too, since I was a blackberry bold girl...but I'm tired of walking around with 2 phones so or got this one...true to size...love the specs and I get all the service on it. My my.. Seller was great shipping on time as promise. Came brand new, unopened with seal still intact, wish the seller has send a case, or sold cases. Because I bought a case and still haven't gotten it as yet so I had to buy another one to protect the phone. Over all the phone is a great phone works wonderful. It is definitely a smart phone.Joyce
Great. I love it.Arrived just in time. Perfect size.had a hard time finding a case in stores. But Amazon once again came in handy.
Great but language spanish require separate installation in the OS Android. This is an excellent product !! Highly recommended !!
i love my mega , after having hard time with the note. Its big , fast , thats all i want !!
This is the 5.8" screen version of the Samsung Galaxy Mega. I ordered it as a gift as a person really liked my current Samsung Mega (6.3" version) I was unaware there were actually 2 separate models; which translate to different screen size. I also ordered a case and quickly learned about the size difference not catching it while ordering the phone. I gave the person the opportunity to return it and get the 6.3" version, however, they opted to keep it and really weren't too phased by the slightly smaller screen. They cited the fact their hands are a little smaller, hence, the smaller size is actually a better fit for them.This model also has 2 separate SIM card slots so you can use it with multiple providers without having to power it down to switch SIM cards. I'm not sure too many people will find this useful, however, I suppose there may be some cases where this is used. I used the phone with AT&T service and can say there were no problems whatsoever. I did have to manually setup the APN for the phone in order to get mobile data. I simply copied the APN settings from an existing AT&T phone and 4G popped right up. The phone is now in another part of the country and the user reports no problems with the device after a couple of months so I'm really happy with the purchase.
I have had this phone for almost 2 months and haven' had any issues. My wife has a white one from the same seller and both are good phones. They do the job and you can't beat the price. Battery life is excellent and way better than any phone I have had in the past. If you wanted the Galaxy note but don't want to pay the price this is the phone to get. Works flawless.......A++
It works great and the battery last a decent amount of time. I love the sensitive touch, which is great for people who have a hard time getting phone to respond to their touch. The screens are fairly customizable.This phone does not fit in your pocket well which is fine with me.
I never received mine but read plenty of reviews it's a Good phone but compair the international version to the usa release, there are processor and other differences, even though both work well ones got higher end parts (screen&processor) I believe it's the USA release you'll have to Google it
Great
Great phone, I love it.
I love this phone very much. It was unlocked and I connected it to T-Mobile. It works and I downloaded app for myself. I was thinking a lot of time may be no good but after buy using great. The speaker and mic everything clear no complaint. When typing messages it coming words automatically. so I love it and taking pictures not bad. Searching internet is very easy.
EXCELLENT
Bought this phone for my sister who lives in Brazil. The phone works perfectly, no issues. She loves it.
I like it but it said that it was a 6.3 but its not its a 5.8
Fantastic I love it
BOUGHT THE PHONE November 14, 2013Once you use it you may not want a Galaxy Note. Love the Dual SIM feature. Light and nice battery last long.UPDATE (01/08/2014)-Both SIM's work great. One has AT & T and other has STRAIGHT TALK (AT & T version).-Good internet speeds.-Awesome camera and shooting modes-I do not use a separate Tablet and Phone.... Both in one-Everyone's eyes popped out at the beauty I was carrying (In the US and Mexico)-Stuck-in a 32 GB micro-SD card and works great to expand memory-Android software has options to turn ON/OFF either or both the SIM's-Android software has options to choose which phone number(SIM) to be used for messaging or phone call..... cool feature-AT & T store guy's jaws dropped (like they saw an alien gadget) when he saw the awesome options of the phone and Android OS.-My purchase from seller was perfectly priced and shipping was the best...
Right size for myself ,love it Galaxy Mega when you get it and you know it what I mean .
Purchase the phone to use over seas. Love the apps that are preloaded. cons: Don't like the home screen with celsius deg. on it. Have not figured out how to change to Fahrenheit yet. Also I purchase Otter Box protector , Phone doesn't fit it correct ,can't use the power and volume switch. Phone is smaller that case.
This is really nice, its features are just like the Samsung tabs in the palm of my hand, calls are clear just like the pictures. Only problem i am having is it shots off quite often and reboost itself.
It you need an AMAZING smartphone, then you got it. I bought this phone, it's unlocked and yo can use it anywhere on this planet(with a micro sim). Not to talk much...Give it a TRY!!! It will blow up your mind.
good
Good
Excellent telephone. I see no reason to purchase a more expensive one.
Good phone...;-)
This phone was just what I wanted
excellent product from Venezuela
good phone
Excellent.
Buenísimo
excellent
It's not a big price for a very nice smart phone. I considered that this is the best phone I've ever had. I was impressed.
Bought it for my wife who had previously had an S3. She really likes this one. She also has a Samsung Note. And an LG dumb phone. She loves them all.
I love this phone. I use it on straight talk with a AT&T SIM card. it's wonderful. the only thing I need to do is find out how to get my mms to show up when people send me a picture.
I recently purchased this phone and I love it. It offers more than I expected it. One world Recommend it.
I up grade from the samsung note 2 to this phone I love it ....awesome phone. I am telling all of my friends about this phone.
I have not had a issue with this phone at all. I'm very pleased with it. The only thing I'm not pleased with is straight talk and they're data plan. Its 2.5 gb of unlimited service and then it drags to a unbelievable slow crawl. If you purchase this phone go with a good service plan. T mobile is the only provider that offers truly unlimited data talk and text for $70 a month. I'm heading there next :)
I love my Galaxy Mega. It is awesome. I am still learning about all the things it will do! In the mean time, I have downloaded all of the apps I need right now. If you want a mega, besure and invest in a bluetooth headpiece because you are not going to hold the phone in the car very well. Great phone.
My incoming call wait notification doesn't work ... Please if anyone have this same problem and got it solved , please post so I can read it ... It annoying while you are on your phone to keep checking to see if a call is coming in ... My phone is important to me and my job ... I missed so many calls... Otherwise the phone is really nice and classy so I'm still giving a 5star ... Hopefully it's not a factory fault
this phone is awesome! large screen, great resolution, terrific speakers!have no problems switching from bluetooth to wi-fi and back, switching gps function on or off - easy to navigate!and dual-sim capability - YES!it's NOT a note 2 or note 3 so you can't compare - each upgrade of phone will have its pluses and minusesmulti-language features abound, you should not have a problem using this phone internationally (but check first to make sure)if you want all of the above, works great for us in the U.S.!
Its all that i need without having to pay $600 plus dollars for a flagship phone, sure it has its lower performance fetaures compared with the to of the line phones, but for what you really need a phone is more than enough.I definitely recomend this itrem.
I like it. It is little bit slow but still nice phone. Having 2 sim card was my main goal. So this phone has it
I love my phone!! Reasons Why- 1) It's Awesome 2) Huge screen 3) My phone arrived quickly with everything in its box and last but not least 4) It's Awesome.
It was everything I wanted and expected..i love my huge screen..it came in a timely fashion ..I had no problems with anything
This is my 1st smart phone and I just love that the SOBs come without user manuals. But I am slowly hacking my way through it and am amazed! Its a great size for the old and 1/2 blind. If it doesn't quit on me, I think it and I will be joined at the hip. The only thing which has happened is that I could not get it to ring on incoming calls. Tried everything. Must have finally hacked my way through it because it rings now.??? But I did not like the store mgr. e mailing me and verbally attempting to get me to get rid of my seller review. That is unacceptable behavior. I was unhappy when I wrote it because I could not get the phone too ring. Don't EVER bully me or I will report you to Amazon!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love my phone. Size and all. It came with an american and european charger. I would recommend this phone to anyone. All my friends with samsung phones hare jealous of my amazing screen.
I bought a samsung mega 5.8 in October for my self and another mega 5.8 for Christmas for my husband. Both of them are running on Straight Talk. All we had to buy is the micro sim card from Straight Talk (we bought the At&T card) and off we went. My internet and MMS (pic messages) work great with no problems. The screen on the mega is awesome! Both of us get compliments all the time on our phones and people are amazed that both of them are on Straight Talk with no problems.
I was a skeptic at first. I've always liked to see what I'm buying, but I am more than happy with my samsung galaxy mega. I have had it for about a month now and have had no issues what so ever. I'm glad I chose this buyer
BIG screen, plus it fits in my pants or shirt pocket. Only one negative, doesn't work w my blue tooth.
i without a dout love this phone..!!speed awesome, size amazing.functionability,still amazes me this is the definition of a smart phone...if your looking for a amazing phone,go samsung...had the note2 and someone stole it ,went for the big boy in the mega, andyes i do miss the stylus,but this phone just makes you giddy with all its capabilities.Apple eat your heat out...
I got the phone, battery, earphone, usb line and adapter. All included in a packed Samsung box. And all are official from Samsung, I guess. A guarantee certificate included. Hope this works officially. I really like the phone. It was large and clear, and easy to use. I use it with AT&T sim and it works well. I like all those special features, smart stay, multiple screens, smart touch, etc. I don't know much about electronic device but this one becomes my favourite now.
live in va switched my straight talk ph# & acct over to this big azz ph. just had to purchase sim card from straight talk. they walked me right through it. do not & i repeat i do not regret this upgrade from my straight talk lg dynamic. still learning the functions just wished a operations booklet came with it or it would of got a 5 star from me.
Great as Allways, Thanks Amazon
Great phone
Awesome
love it
Excelente
Perfect
Nice phone -just getting everything working
HUGE. And useless sometimes. Love it one day and hate it the next. Got here quick. And came with everything it needed. The charger exploded.... but thats probably my fault. Got a new one on amazon too.
I love it, love it. everything positives, no negative. its battery power is also wonderful.It is also unlocked and carries dual sims.
Even with a case on the phone did not felt heavy nor bulky. At times I have to check my pockets to make sure I have the phone. Very light for the size. Easy to use. Good features. Took great pictures. Youtube vids are great in HQ. Great tablet replacement when traveling. I love watching videos on this unit. Recommended!!
This is a good size smartphone (think about watching movie on it!). There is a good, comfortable weight on it that is just right when you hold it. It does not feel like a toy. This is a replacement for your tablet really, plus it is first and foremost a telephone. This has two places to mount your sim card as this is an unlocked international phone. If you are going overseas, you could have your US sim card so you could keep in touch while on US soil and have the other sim card for the place you are going to already in place and activated before you even leave. This phone's bands cover Europe, Asia, South America, etc. anywhere you go as long as you have the sim card for where you want to go. Other thoughts: A company based in Florida sells a sim card that does not expire and is truly international. It even include a US phone number.
I am very happy with this phone. Screen large enough so I can see it without glasses.Easy to use and I don't cut people off like my other phone. My chin would touch the end button!!
Way more than I expected!!!!! Item was fully described as it is. I am very happy and satisfied with product.
The phone is great. My Husband loves it's dual modes. He says it does not glitch.Galaxy Mega deserves the rating - The picture resolution is good and because myHusband loves it, I will recommend it to all my friends.
It was a gift for my mother. She absolutely loves it. Just too much to do with getting phone settings set correctly.
loved it til it got stolen
My son is very impressed!!!
Great productGood quality
Great phone, great price.
I love this phone. I went from an iphone4 to a mega. It did take me a few days to get use to it but after that I love it. I use it with straight talk which works fine.
So far in 1 week- so good! But, this was made for the UK Version. Hope this does not create any problems!? And... it comes with Jellybean 4.2.2 - a good thing!! Most other Mega 5.8s do not have already installed recent OS updates!!
Absolutely love the phone. I purchased a cover that made the phone way to bulky. Intend to buy one of those covers that open like a book with the hope that it won't increase the depth of the phone. The phone is basically very thin and light. The cases, however, could use some make over.
This is a 3G phone that does everything I need. Streaming, internet and navigation. Large screen makes reading easy. REALLY like it. HATED my last phone.
I bought this phone because it can handle two numbers. I plan to purchase another one for business use in the near future.
Love my phone♥...It is amazing. Couldn't ask for a better phone! Buy one today. I was scared at first, but the phone is brand new!
I purchased this for myself, I can't afford the S5, that I would like to have. I decided to give this one a try, I am glad that I purchased it. I have the same features the S5 offer with the exception of the water proof shield.
Love it
ESPECTACULAR
Excellent Salesperson for their Responsibility, Punctuality in the Shipment of Completely New Product and 100 % Original Recommends it to the whole Community Amazon
Good phone
Good phone and takes Sim Cards both for Africa and US. Every time I travel in any country I use it well with any simcard.
Awesome phone.works great on straight talk.all you need is att micro sim and you're set.I love this phone,no issues as of yet.
I received awesome customer service and a wonderful phone. Thanks for the great professional service we need more people like you!!!
Good phone but instruction manual is written in Chinese. Unable to get the City name written in English on the weather page. The phone is of a good size and overall a good phone. I am satisfied.
E's buenisimi
This phone work very good and I am enjoying my phone very well.
love this phone works great takes awesome pictures
Best phone ever. But one thing I hate about is front camera. Its dark and I dont know how to change that. . I love watching movies in this movie I feel like im watching from big screen place like cinema cause its clear
Great phone. I bought two and they are GREAT phones.
Great phone!
It was good as it was described
excellent cell.
Gave it as gift in third world. They believe it is great.
Fast shipping. Great phone :)
I always wanted a Samsung galaxy mega and finally bought one. Its used but was worth the price. The only con on this phone....it freezes sometimes. Again its used but I love it.
very good !~!!!
If you need a dual Sim.. nice ..OK if connected to WiFi..
No complains
I've had this phone for over a year and I think I have more than enough experience with it to give you a good enough review. The mega is best for its size. watching movies and videos on there is just beautiful. However the camera isn't best quality but it was good enough for my selfies and what not so i'd give the camera about 3.5 stars. The audio is extremely loud so you all should have no problem with that. Even when not on speaker it sounds like it is. I've had people i'm on a call with ask me if they're on speaker when they're not.I've downloaded a lot of apps but it is limited if you don't have a memory card. You can use any headset with it with or without it's own audio remote. I've dropped my phone on hard pavements, bucket of oil, water, thrown it at people across the room, not saying that you should do that, but what i'm saying is that the mega can take a beaten and it was a great investment. Unfortunately a 6'6 giant stepped on it and it finally crushed. The down fall is when it cracks it will not allow you to use the cracked part like some other phones. If you buy this phone make sure you have big pockets because it won't fit in an average pair of jeans. I'm glad I bought it and I'd even bought a second one for my mom as a gift about 2weeks after having mines and hers is still active and working fine a year later. But i'd still recommend you get a screen protector and a silicone case they really help.
its a good phone you can do anything you want with it
Very good
Great
It was good. I just had to send it back due to being a samsung (sprint) and not a ssmsung (att) carrier.. but overall was great..
HIghly recommend it!
Very efficient , easy to read and fast phone. Perfect for business on the go!
Works great no problems so far
Nice phone
I love my MEGA!! My first Mega, I bought from a sprint store. 2 years later, and I am still paying on it. Unfortunately, that phone went flying off the roof of my car while going down the HWY. Thankfully, S-voice still worked,and I could see part of the screen. The touch screen did not work. :( So.... Needless to say, I wanted another Mega and was in need of a new phone. Sprint no longer sells the Mega, so I was forced to search elsewhere. I was lucky and found this amazing phone on Amazon, for less then it would cost to replace it with insurance.I ordered the phone late on Sunday night, so it wasn't processed until Monday. I payed for 2 day shipping, but did not receive the phone until Thursday afternoon. That was a tad upsetting, but I could deal with it and the frustration of not being able to answer a phone. When I received the phone, it was brand new. Works perfectly. I am back to being happy with my HUGE phone that works great.
Love it. Its in great condition
It was great i love it very much
its great phone, gets OS updates before other phones of the same category. Its very intuitive and the screen resolution is superb!
I bought this phone from "FGS Trading", It delivered just on time, I used the regular shipping (free) and I got the phone in 4 bussines day, in perfect conditions, with original seal box, the right color (white), factory unlocked, with jelly beam android (it's better than ice cream just go cheack comparison videos on the web so u can see it for ur self, oh tho the publication says that comes with ice cream) still I was glady pleased... And I'm from venezuela and it worked just fine perfect I wud say with the SIM card (for those who wannna use the phone internationally).. AMAZING phone and PERFECT seller
I bought this phone because I like Android a lot and because the Nexus brand always gets the Android updates first. Shipping was fast and the phone is awesome.
My only qualm is the diminished sound from the speaker. It makes it a bit hard to get noticed when you're in the other room. Except that, the device is beautiful. Google created this device for hacking and that is what it is meant for. The battery life isn't bad. I can have it go all day without having to charge it.With the advent of Google Butter on Jelly Bean, the performance has escalated. We can only presume to go further from here. Truly worth the cost. Thanks a lot Google! and Samsung of course!
Very good smartphone. 100% Android. Smart and elegant, in a convenient form factor and with all the sensors you can expect in a mobile.
What I like about Samsung and I think this is clever policy, that they sell unlocked phones and don't complicate us with iTunes and things of that nature. I got this phone for my friend ,so he is super happy. The phone works in Israel. If some one doesn't have money for Sam III , but still wants a big screen, so Nexus would be the thing you need!
I love this Phone. Very fast and easy to use. Have the latest android version on this. The white color is especially nice on this phone.
The phone came in perfect state,i don't have complains about it. The only problem was that the adapter of the charger came defective. So i had to buy another one.
Its the Best phone I have used till now. Large screen size, feasible to do a lot of stuff online without using a tablet. As soon i powered it on, it came up with Jelly Bean update. Touch is good & very sensitive. But it does have some cons too check them out.Pros:1. Latest Andriod, instant update to Jelly Bean.2. Large screen, good enough for browsing, watching vidoes, playing games.Cons :1. Hardware is weak. Couple of the apps get terminated abruptly.2. Cam is not good enough.3. Battery. A full charge doesnt get me a day.4. Low sound in Speaker phone mode.
Recomended. It works great,is really the international version and is working everywhere,I travel a lot and i have lots of different number,is workin in 4 different countries.
Sin duda alguna el mejor smartphone que pude elegir, es realmente elegante, con un tamaño perfecto y enamora a simple vista y todo esto sin hablar del amplio espectro de utilidad que tiene este smartphone, al ser un Nexus de alta gamma dudo que pase de moda, seguramente siempre sera actualizado con el android del momento como ocurrirá en pocos días con Jelly Beam.. Este smartphone vale cada dolar que gaste en el. ES LO MÁXIMO!!!
Even after a few other better phones have come out. I think this was an awesome price for an unlocked pure ICS phone. Easy to root, flash and quite fast. No lag. First to receive updates from google. Recommend it for someone who wants out of their contract.
A Google's own product to versus Apple's iPhone, actually I think it's really first selection to android smartphones and really Simplicity Beauty and Beyond Smart.
Such an amazing phone. After owning the Verizon Gnex when it 1st launched I ended up purchasing a GSM version in white and ordered another on 06/06/2012 for my sister. Both ordered had next day shipping and it was received as promised.
This i s honestly the best Android phone I've ever owned and I've owned a lot of them. I've been an Android enthusiast ever since I first bought the G1, since then I've owned the mytouch 3g, Samsung vibrant, mytouch 4g, Samsung galaxy s2 and the newer htc one s. This phone blows those phones and many others out of the water.At first I had a hard time choosing between the galaxy nexus and the upcoming galaxy s3 because they are both truly amazing phones and they both have their advantages. I ended up choosing the galaxy nexus because 1) the design, 2) the price, 3) stock Android, 4) fast updates. Yes the s3 has better hardware, but for me the software advantages that the galaxy nexus has outweighs the hardware advantages that the s3 has because the galaxy nexus is no slouch when it comes to hardware either. There's only so much processing power that you need in a phone and i believe that the galaxy nexus is perfectly adequate. I knew that if I went with the s3 I would never see an update, while the galaxy nexus will be the first to update to jelly bean. And to me that's more important. For you root users out there this is definitely the phone to get because it is unlock the bootloader, root, unroot, etc. this phone is also highly developed for in the rooting community.Pros:PriceDesignStock AndroidQuick updatesMany accessoriesHD Super amoled screenCons:Only 5 mp cameraphone speakers not loud enoughBattery life could be betterNo sd card slotIn closing the galaxy nexus still remains the best Android phone to date. Vanilla ics is the way Google intends us to see it. Even though newer phones come out with better hardware, software is more important because hardware on a phone to a point is irrelevant.
I've had this phone for about a week and I can honestly say that I'm not going back to my iPhone 4S anytime soon. I've experienced the Android platform since the Nexus One and I can say that's it gotten so much better. Some people think that Android is an iPhone/iOS knockoff, and to some respects it that may be true. However, the similarities stop with the Galaxy Nexus and Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich).The phone is "the right size", I think. It's not to big or small. After doing a side by side comparison with the iPhone, the difference in screen size makes a difference. Colors are crisp and video seems to come alive on this screen. Video doesn't seem like an extravagant slideshow, like on some devices. The build quality is good. Some comments on the Internet seem to point out that the phone seems "cheap" or "plasticy". I disagree. The phone feels solid in the hand and is surprisingly light, especially when compared to the iPhone. I would still do my best to avoid dropping the phone, in which I got a case to protect it against a significant drop. The buttons and ports are similar to that of the Nexus S, in which the Power is on the right, volume rocker is on the Left, and the USB and headphone jack is on the bottom. Some people think the headphone jack should be at the top, similar to that of the Nexus One or iPhone, but I can see that Samsung placed the ports on the bottom for the accessories that may come, such as a Car or Desk Dock. I don't have either, but when I use a generic car holder, it's convenient to have the cords pointing down to stay out of the way.The real power of the phone is in it's software, Android 4.0 or "Ice Cream Sandwich". The phone feels responsive and smooth to the touch. I like how they changed the storage memory to become one single partition as opposed to two separate (On-board + USB storage). It makes for managing applications and memory more efficient, as "moving to SD card" was starting to become more trouble than it's worth. The interface is similar to that of Android 3.0 or Honeycomb, for those who are familiar.The real question I'm sure your all wondering is the "build" of the software. I can say that my Galaxy Nexus came with "yakju". Yes, I have the Google build of the software. However, I wasn't satisfied. With Google selling the Galaxy Nexus on the Google Play Store and having a different Android build "takju", I went and did some research. The good news is that the software is available from Google. Do a search for "stock Android ROMs". The bad news is that it required a little "know how" in computer programming to get the Google sanctioned takju on my Galaxy Nexus, but Voila!. I have the exact same Google branded phone that Google is selling with all the trimmings (such as Google Wallet), but in White!Very VERY good phone. Amazingly fast. Evermore faster on T-Mobile's HSPA network, getting up to 8MB download speeds on a good day. I don't know what else to say except that the Galaxy Nexus can quite possibly be the best phone for any phone fanatic out there. It sets the bar for other Android phones, as well as iPhone. Now let the competition begin!
This is my second nexus it is worth every penny one of the sexiest fastest phones I have ever own much better than the iPhone the galaxy s ii the note I mean it's perfect size perfect color run and get it!!!
This is a thin phone that is just the right size. The 4.65" screen is gorgeous and a very big upgrade from my previous phone. The dual-core processor is leagues faster and stock Android is a very big plus since Google Nexus devices are first to get the latest version of Android. I've already upgraded to Jellybean and it's the fastest and slickest version of Android yet. I also enjoy 4G-like speeds with HSPA+ support versus the stadard 3G support I had with the Motorola and it's like night and day. Battery life has been pretty good for me as well. Samsung and Google have really put together an excellent device.Pros:Camera is decent.Reception is very decent.Nice screen colour/resolution.Videos very fluid.Has 16GBs (more than enough for the average user).Good screensize, not too big not too small.Very responsive.Camera is responsive.
This cellphone is great. I bought this for my Uncle and he love it. It really work amazing for him.
The phone exterior is sleek and beautiful to look at. The iPhone 4S looks like a relic next to it.I'm not much of a power user, mostly use it for work, i.e. emails and specialty apps.The Android OS performs very well in these cases, is responsive and easy to use. As a phone it works well with good sound and reception quality. The price is great in comparison with iPhones and high-end Galaxy types.I haven't really tried out games or anything with high graphic demands, however the bit I did try seemed to cause massive overheating. If you need a phone which can handle heavy gaming I would recommend choosing something else or at least researching the heat problem (maybe Google or Samsung solved it). Note that Google quality assurance tends to miss some ridiculous bugs (like no ability to enter December dates), however that's an Android issue and not directly tied to a specific phone.In summary, for business users I would highly recommend it, otherwise you'll probably be better of with a more expensive phone.
Works great, nicely designed. Excellent screen and good battery life. The only flaw is that you have to put it in a case because it's a little fragile
A Perfect Android phone from Google. Everything is good except the limited memory space and low volume speakers. The white color body gives such a nice n rich look to the phone. Really Loving it
Super screen, excellent phone, I use in Mexico and this cellphone works perfect, the only is that Google play doesn't have all the function that has at the states, however, this is not an issue with the cellphone but with the google play. Conclusion, this is the best cellphone ever
The color looks beautiful. It's an excelent phone, it feels very comfortable in your hands. Very resistant too, I've dropped it a few times and just the battery cover is thrown away, and a few others the battery pops out but the plastic keeps scratch free. Not to say that you can drop it without care, but when it happens it won't suffer to much unless it falls screen flat on a hard surface and it'll broke :'(
I actually bought this item for a friend of mine. He loves it and it works well. Item came in an original looking box and was selling so fast the price kept increasing. Was glad to get it for the price we did.
I love my phone, it's very fast and it has a lot of cool features. the only problem is that the battery overheats quite very often and the cable for charging is really really really short so I cant use it while charging
The phone Works in an excellent manner and you can Access all the last applications. Very recommendable and at a reasonable Price also.
Its a very good phone, with speed, with looks. The only down fall is the speakers are very low volume and it would be a plus if it was waterproof and shock resistant.I would recommend this phone.CONbought phone from amazon through Hasselfreecell but it Did not come with user manual so it was questionable AS TO WHETHER IT WAS NEW.
Have been using this device for over a year now, and would recommend to anyone looking for a good value-for-money smart phone.Build quality and look & feel is pretty decent, and so is performance. However, that is not to say that it's without the occasional lag!!Battery lasts for about a day max, with always on HSPA together with background data sync. Web browsing and email used quite frequently throughout the day, together with Games and other apps like FB and Google+.Good display. Sound are not that impressive though, neither with the built-in speaker nor with headphones plugged in. Camera is decent, but not great. Heats up quite a bit when used extensively and gets uncomfortable.
Product was as mentioned. I advise all to be sure to read the fine print. I skimmed over the portion stating this was not a Verizon phone and had to return it. Otherwise this product was exactly as described and works great.
The phone is nice, good audio, BIG screen.A protective cover makes it a little difficult to operate (it is necessary to press the side keys really hard), but it is necessary since the screen is too big and a phone drop may cause the display to crack (I've seen this before).The issue I had was that after the phone had its SIM card, it prompted to upgrade to Android version 4.2.1 (official upgrade from Google). After 2 days I did upgrade it.After upgrading it, the CAMERA does not work anymore. Looking at the Google Android Developer community I found that other people had the same issue without a way to solve it.https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42532So, if you decide to go for this phone (which I recommend), do not upgrade the Android Version before this is solved. Some people tried to upgrade manually to version 4.2.2 without success. May be version 5 will do the job. Till this date I will have my phone without camera.
Uno de los mejores smartphones del mercado es sin duda alguna alguna el Samsung Galaxy Nexus, el precio es increíble. El teléfono es impresionante, funciona todo,actualizado a Jelly Bean minutos después de encender, elegante,rápido, pantalla HD Super Amoled en una grandísima pantalla, 100% garantizado. Viva Android, no pierdas dinero comprando un Iphone, Galaxy es lo mejor. No pierdas tu oportunidad de tener un gran smartphone. Javi el próximo eres tu ;) DTB
this phone is really the best android phone in the market.speed is perfectbattery is perfect give me up to 14h with out charge and heavy usedperfect clean android rom jellybean
I've had this phone for three weeks and so far it has been amazing!!I had an iPhone, a Nexus One and a Optimus 2x (LG P990) before and I almost bought a Galaxy S3 now, but I gotta say that I'm not regret at all about my choice! The Galaxy Nexus is the best Android Phone launched so far! It combines hardware and software like an iPhone, although you can easily root it and put any ROM you want! (I flashed mine to "yakju" and I've been running Jelly Bean since I got the phone).The screen size is really nice, but sometimes I wish it was a little bit smaller.The battery lasts a day for me, but when commuting I only using it to listen to music.As one said the volume could be louder, but I use the Nexus more often on silent mode, so this particularly doesn't bother me.As its body is made with plastic, I don't see any reason to use a hard case (maybe a thin silicon case just in case). I'd recommend a screen protector, as the Nexus doesn't have Gorilla Glass, although I haven't any scratch on it so far.ps: International buyers may want to know that it worked in my carrier in Brazil with no issues.
This is my first smartphone and I have no regrets so far. It's very light and the screen is just the right size for browsing the internet. It's great for games and movies too.
I just unlocked, rooted, flashed as 'yakju,' and now my handset is running Android 4.1.1, Jellly bean. I like the form factor (if this phone feels "plasticky," i like plasticky), i like the amoled display, a month into owning my GNex, however slightly, i scratched the screen (less than 1mm long). I advise getting a screen protector. I'm 6 feet tall, and my hands become fatigued with the 4.65 screen. It looks great when viewing media, but the strain isn't worth it. I'd like to see a phone with a <4.3" screen, room for software buttons included. This phone's volume is VERY low- the app that increases the volume (for rooted devices) isn't working yet for 4.1.1. Battery management is crucial to enjoying the phone. This is my first smartphone and look forward to what the Nexus line has to offer later this year. If I'm not wowed by the fall's new models, I see myself holding onto this phone for another year or more!
I upgraded from a Bberry 8220, this phone runs apps fast, stays connected. Great device. I would suggest this for everyone.A little expensive but worths the $
Galaxy Nexus is the best phone your money can buy!This week i received the new Android Jelly Beans (4.1) and make the phone even better!I totally recommend the Nexus because you can use the android without any changes!
Samsung Galaxy Nexus GT-I9250 Unlocked Cellphone International Version (White) this phone is aweson so fast so clear and cheaper than the iphone
It's been a while using my Galaxy Nexus and it work perfect. ICS is smooth and fast, integration with all google apps in a very few steps.What i like the most it the High-def display: The Samsung Galaxy Nexus' display is big and beautiful, offering Super AMOLED Plus technology for fantastic contrast and a super-sharp 720p resolution (1,280 x 720 pixels). Viewing HD Videos, Surfing the web it's just great.Multitasking with this smartphone it's not an issue, it handles a lot of apps in the background.Sound it's ok, Camera it's fast but some pics appeared blurry because it didn't seem like there was time for autofocus to kick in.With 1.2 GHZ dual core processor you can access everything REALLY fast! I just can't wait to see this Jelly Bean on my Galaxy Nexus.
Great phone for its time. Been sold a long time ago.
Its really a lovely phone. I think it rivals some of the more recently developed models!
good
very good thanks
Delivery was quick and the item was as described.
Excellent Smartphone
One of the easiest and fastest smart phones i have used. Holds a signal longer than other phones, texts are sent easily as are photos. Controls work easily. Jump on the internet easily. Download any browser you like and you are off.Notifications can be turned on or off, all the controls that you want are here without all the annoying things you don't want. Great work phone for traveling. Get a rubberized case for it so it can take a few knocks. After a couple of years had scratched the glass but that was my fault. Do not drop flat on its face as the screen will crack (had dropped it several hundred times prior without a problem)Down side is it is the international version so the warranty is only good in the UK, not in the US. Batteries only available from Amazon or online sources and not from your local dealer. If the charging port is damaged, it may be difficult to repair. Treat that is the most fragile part of the phone. Do not upgrade the OS if you like the installed one as it is more stable than the upgraded OS and i like the clock in the older version better.Liked the first one so much i bought a second one as back up. Put in your sim and go. Use android beam/ NTF to transfer your photos and contacts.
excellent cellphone! i love it
Great Product, thank you very much
I used to have a Nexus One, skipped the Nexus S, and now back to the Galaxy Nexus.Hardware - Really Light and looks so amazing on white, you will get peoples attention with your phone.Battery - Depends on your usage.OS - I love stock android and 4.0 (Ice Cream) looks and feels great. Much better than Sense or Windows 7.I simply love it!!
Great condition, best phone I've ever owned. Even came with instructions on how to activate it.
I like the product but the company not so much
Was skeptical at first, but ended up with a really nice phone and was activated in minutes. Phone isn't as large as I had hoped, so I'll be shopping for another one. But I'm definitely going through these guys again!
GREAT Quality!
Im enjoying my phone straight talk verizon is what i needed better signal!!!. Thanks Amazon
Phone was in very good shape. Arrived quicker than expected and works great. They even shipped a 2nd battery in case there were problems with the other one. Definitely pleased with my purchase.
Excellent choice
VERY impressed! It arrived early, the phone is like new, switching phones was so easy and I haven't even had to charge the battery yet. I am in love with my new phone. I would definitely recommend. Thank you!
Arrived before quoted date. Love it. Great phone. They gave simple directions on how to switch over
This phone is amazing, just love it won't trade for nothing, it's the bomb
Excellent phone and purchase.
Got this earlier than expected!! Works great I love it!'
I bought it for my husband and he loves it so far!
I am very pleased with my Samsung galaxy note 2 and the set up to transfer phones was less than 10 minutes I will recommend Noah's quick ship!
Love my phone and it looks like it is brand new.. It also came quicker than I expected. Will buy from this seller again ad recommend them to family and friends..
Very pleased with product.
Still learning to use as this is the first smart phone I have owned. So far I really like it and compared to friends' I phones, it is much better.
Great condition, best phone I've ever owned. Even came with instructions on how to activate it.
I like the product but the company not so much
GREAT Quality!
Im enjoying my phone straight talk verizon is what i needed better signal!!!. Thanks Amazon
Excellent choice
I just recieved my note 2 yesterday from the wireless group nd let me just say this phone came in 3 days, the seller replied to all of my questions & the best part the phone came in clean not one sctratch! I just activated it & everything was clean. I will consider buying this phone again. Extremely pleased!
I placed the order on Friday had it by Monday. Haven't had a chance to play with it much but I hooked it up without a problem.
I have no complaints! It was as described. I still use it to date (June 9, 2015). I didn't pay attention to the shipping enough to remember, so I can only assume, it arrived on schedule or before. Sorry, about that, but it ,has been a while, since then.
Delivered sooner than expected, and exactly what I expected for the product.
AWESOME
Well I bought this phone to put on Sprint but they told me the esn was bad so I thought it was stuck with a paper weight but it turns out I was able to put it on a network called expo needleas to say it worked perfectly and looked brand new so I was ok with it....
I am completely satisfied with condition of the phone and it runs well. However it does bring up a weird little window that tells me about the info on the phone. I looked it up and I half to download an app that costs $ to get rid of it.
I ordered this phone Monday because i really wanted a Note II for so long. I been looking on ebay but most of them have bad ESN and were damaged so i was like f-that. I went on here and found a few phones but i stumbled across this one because i wanted white...and it had some cheap prices! The one i got from a seller described it as only having a scratch on the side...no biggie for me...and it was only $260. I had to get it! I contacted the seller once to ask about the color of the phone and they replied immediately which was very good. It got shipped off in two days and in the very next day i come home and the package was on my doorstep. I was like..."Wtf? I know this isnt my phone!" And it was! I turned on the phone...activated it with no problems! It works very good! There is barely signs of use..it looks like a brand new phone! Even the seller threw in a case which happened to be my two fav colors and an armband for exercising...never been opened! Thats was awesome! I am very pleased with my phone! Thank you!!!!
My sister had been given one for Christmas and I thought it would be good if we learned new phones together. My former phone was quirky after dropping and shattering the screen, even after replacing the screen twice. I have big hands and was always hitting multiple keys and having to go back and enter stuff again. I can read most everything without having to zoom in all the time, this with bifocals and almost 60 years of wearing glasses. Glad I had some Android experience and did not have to learn everything at once. Rearranged apps, screens and widgets and it is working well for me now. It is part of an effort to wean myself off an old laptop PC and just exist on Nextel 10 and phone. Bought it refurbished and had excellent help from vendor. They noticed my text from Sprint network and alerted me the NT-G1700 model was not set up for my network. So, I got this model which was able to activate and work out of the box. Bought a few covers and screen protectors to keep it in good shape. Happy, happy, happy.
Very nice smartphone. Excellent condition for the price.
Never thought I would buy this phone. In really a Mega woman. Figure I would try it and then get the 4. Really love this.
Came in as described and is a fantastic phone. I will never use anything but the Samsung Note again. Very sturdy and I have dropped it a few times and I have had no problems with scratches and breaks,
good !
I bought 2 from Wireless Warehouse USA Storefront, because the description said that it would work with Sprint or Ting. Phones arrived fast and it was just as the description said. So far I have no problems with them, and I was able to activate them with Ting without any problems.
It has done what I needed it to do.
ok
Love
Awesome
Great product, inexpensive price! Great size for gaming, streaming and Skype. Thanks.
Excellent!
Just as advertised, have used the phone for the past 7 months give or take, no issues.
I wasn't expecting to get my phone until Monday or Tuesday and it came today (Saturday). I was surprised it looked better than the description .
Unfortunately the keyboard was inoperative but great and helpful return.
phone is great thanks
It has been good and what I needed it has functioned well for all my needs and it came quickly
Great phone!! Very happy with this.
I am in love with my phone. It looks brand new and works wonderfully. I have waited a couple months before I wrote my review because I wanted to make sure that the phone was really okay. The shipment was fast. I would definitely buy from this company again.
Very satisfied.
Very nice
Purchased refurbished from Redman, WORKED PERFECT. Activated today on Sprint, without a hitch! The customer service rep said, "where did you get this phone? " He could not believe it when I told him the price, it looked brand NEW! These phones work awesome on Sprint, or Flashed on Page Plus.
Works great; fast shipping!
It was descent
Very nice smartphone. Excellent condition for the price.
Never thought I would buy this phone. In really a Mega woman. Figure I would try it and then get the 4. Really love this.
Came in as described and is a fantastic phone. I will never use anything but the Samsung Note again. Very sturdy and I have dropped it a few times and I have had no problems with scratches and breaks,
good !
I bought 2 from Wireless Warehouse USA Storefront, because the description said that it would work with Sprint or Ting. Phones arrived fast and it was just as the description said. So far I have no problems with them, and I was able to activate them with Ting without any problems.
It has done what I needed it to do.
ok
Love
phone is great thanks
It has been good and what I needed it has functioned well for all my needs and it came quickly
Great phone!! Very happy with this.
I am in love with my phone. It looks brand new and works wonderfully. I have waited a couple months before I wrote my review because I wanted to make sure that the phone was really okay. The shipment was fast. I would definitely buy from this company again.
Very satisfied.
Very nice
Purchased refurbished from Redman, WORKED PERFECT. Activated today on Sprint, without a hitch! The customer service rep said, "where did you get this phone? " He could not believe it when I told him the price, it looked brand NEW! These phones work awesome on Sprint, or Flashed on Page Plus.
Works great; fast shipping!
It was descent
Awesome
Great product, inexpensive price! Great size for gaming, streaming and Skype. Thanks.
Excellent!
Just as advertised, have used the phone for the past 7 months give or take, no issues.
I wasn't expecting to get my phone until Monday or Tuesday and it came today (Saturday). I was surprised it looked better than the description .
Unfortunately the keyboard was inoperative but great and helpful return.
I just recieved my note 2 yesterday from the wireless group nd let me just say this phone came in 3 days, the seller replied to all of my questions & the best part the phone came in clean not one sctratch! I just activated it & everything was clean. I will consider buying this phone again. Extremely pleased!
I placed the order on Friday had it by Monday. Haven't had a chance to play with it much but I hooked it up without a problem.
I have no complaints! It was as described. I still use it to date (June 9, 2015). I didn't pay attention to the shipping enough to remember, so I can only assume, it arrived on schedule or before. Sorry, about that, but it ,has been a while, since then.
Delivered sooner than expected, and exactly what I expected for the product.
AWESOME
Well I bought this phone to put on Sprint but they told me the esn was bad so I thought it was stuck with a paper weight but it turns out I was able to put it on a network called expo needleas to say it worked perfectly and looked brand new so I was ok with it....
I am completely satisfied with condition of the phone and it runs well. However it does bring up a weird little window that tells me about the info on the phone. I looked it up and I half to download an app that costs $ to get rid of it.
I ordered this phone Monday because i really wanted a Note II for so long. I been looking on ebay but most of them have bad ESN and were damaged so i was like f-that. I went on here and found a few phones but i stumbled across this one because i wanted white...and it had some cheap prices! The one i got from a seller described it as only having a scratch on the side...no biggie for me...and it was only $260. I had to get it! I contacted the seller once to ask about the color of the phone and they replied immediately which was very good. It got shipped off in two days and in the very next day i come home and the package was on my doorstep. I was like..."Wtf? I know this isnt my phone!" And it was! I turned on the phone...activated it with no problems! It works very good! There is barely signs of use..it looks like a brand new phone! Even the seller threw in a case which happened to be my two fav colors and an armband for exercising...never been opened! Thats was awesome! I am very pleased with my phone! Thank you!!!!
My sister had been given one for Christmas and I thought it would be good if we learned new phones together. My former phone was quirky after dropping and shattering the screen, even after replacing the screen twice. I have big hands and was always hitting multiple keys and having to go back and enter stuff again. I can read most everything without having to zoom in all the time, this with bifocals and almost 60 years of wearing glasses. Glad I had some Android experience and did not have to learn everything at once. Rearranged apps, screens and widgets and it is working well for me now. It is part of an effort to wean myself off an old laptop PC and just exist on Nextel 10 and phone. Bought it refurbished and had excellent help from vendor. They noticed my text from Sprint network and alerted me the NT-G1700 model was not set up for my network. So, I got this model which was able to activate and work out of the box. Bought a few covers and screen protectors to keep it in good shape. Happy, happy, happy.
Very nice smartphone. Excellent condition for the price.
Never thought I would buy this phone. In really a Mega woman. Figure I would try it and then get the 4. Really love this.
Came in as described and is a fantastic phone. I will never use anything but the Samsung Note again. Very sturdy and I have dropped it a few times and I have had no problems with scratches and breaks,
good !
I bought 2 from Wireless Warehouse USA Storefront, because the description said that it would work with Sprint or Ting. Phones arrived fast and it was just as the description said. So far I have no problems with them, and I was able to activate them with Ting without any problems.
It has done what I needed it to do.
ok
Love
Some how like it
It came in excellent condition, works well with metro pcs
Excelente producto
It was a great investment.
It's a great phone and worth every penny I spent! 👍
working well after two months no complaints at all
My wife absolutely love's it
awsome
I bought this phone hoping for the best and so glad I did. It is awesome. My last phone died on me and I really wanted a phone that would do everything I wanted and maybe more. This was the charm. It works great. I am so happy!
It exceeded my expectations. I'm so happy that I bought this item. Works perfectly. Best product I've ever bought at Amazon.
Works fantastic. Thank you!
nice
used very good
Nice phone. It is a Verizon phone. Other than that arrived as described.
This was super new
Works great!!! This phone is amazing. Thank you.
this good phone except back cover,back cover is not good,
Absolutely awesome. Perfect condition, delivered timely, worked and works perfectly. Better than the one it replaced. The price is very fair. I love this phone.
I'm very happy with this purchase. I love this phone! It has so many wonderful features and it was super easy to get it set-up on my Verizon account! Love the size of the screen, the stylus, and everything else about it. I also received it super fast!
Switched it over to Metro with no problems. It's PERFECT.
Great phone.
Bought this phone to run on Straight Talk. Phone arrived in practically new condition and works fantastically. My only complaint is that the description states that it comes with all original acessories, however it came with a generic charger rather than the original.
I bought the Note 3 from seller BREED, and I am very pleased. The phone looks perfect, no one would ever know it's refurbished if I didn't tell them. So, 5 starts for the seller, but unfortunately I'm plagued with the bad reception bug that seems to affect some Note 3 owners. Too bad Samsung didn't get that ironed out in an update. Otherwise it would be a 5 star+ phone. It's fast, bright, and big. Performance wise you'd never guess it is an older model.
Clean and received exactly what was in the description
Good phone... The charger doesn't last though!
I am very pleased with my Galaxy note 3. This is my first smartphone and It's awesome. My son has one that he paid a small fortune for. He was shocked that I found the G N 3 for such a good price. And it was delivered at the exact time Amazon said I would receive it.
A gift for my daughter and she loves it.
This is a great alternative to unlocked phone if you are smart enough to follow instructions and change your APN. Phone was as good as new out of the box and should work with all GSM sim cards. It also has a global GSM option which should be good enough for it to be used outside US. Just follow the instructions ( send by the seller) and you should be up & running. I would definitely recommend buying it from BuySpry. I am glad I did and they were very helpful. I am using a H2O wireless sim card and they were precise in letting me know exactly what to do. Great alternative if you aren't willing to spend huge and yet get a high end flagship phone.
A little on the big side but the note features are great.
I bought this as a birthday present for my husband. It's been about 3 weeks and so far he is very satisfied with it. No scratches, works great, had no trouble activating it with Verizon. I would buy from this company again
I love my phones they are refurbished but they are also unlocked and very easy to use I am very pleased with my products 😀
It arrived in a generic box on the promised date in pristine condition. Really doesn't even look like it was ever used.
The phone came in great condition and works like a dream. The only complaints was the Sim card is not included and the charger wouldn't charge the phone like it needs to so I had to go purchase a new one. Other than that the phone works good and looked brand new.
awesome
I bought this as a refurbished model. Several of my friends and family have the same model, so I was familiar with the phone. Though it was refurbished, it looks like new. The changeover from my Galaxy S3 to this was seamless. It's been two days since is was on the charger and the battery is still at 50%. I love this phone. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N900V) - 32GB Verizon + GSM Smartphone - Black (Certified Refurbished)
Works great. No issues to report as off yet!!
I have had this phone for about 3 months now and it is in great condition you can use any gsm Sim card
I'm in love with my phone
In the past I had this phone and love it so much, I wouldn't have another in it place.
Great phone for the price, just had to return it because my boyfriend had already bought a new phone.
I really love my note 3 I thought that maybe it was too good to be true but when It came I got it out and dam it was better than I thought no problems the only thing is that it says comes with original accessories but the truth is mine only came with everything but, the headphones which I'm not mad about but it also didn't come with the usb 3.0 charger it just came with a regular charger but that's alright it works just fine and updated to lollipop because it wouldn't let me update through the settings so I downloaded kies.
Worked very great in W Africa
Thank you!
Good phone.
as advertised
Was sending it to my country in Africa. .but works well so far.......
excellent.
It's okay.i think I like to be patronized in future.
Initially, I was scared to buy a phone outside the carrier but a friend advised me not to be scared that I can get good phones from amazon through one of those independent sellers on amazon. So, I decided to give it a shot. The phone arrived as expected and everything looks and works good. BuySpry customer service was very professional and helpful. BuySpry do not keep you on the phone; no answering machine picks up and start reading long list of things you can do, you will be connected to a real person straight up. And they answered all my questions and attended to my need for calling them. I will always buy from them and recommend friends.
Will upgrade to android 5.0 and = to Note 4
great thing.
Excellent
I bought this phone to replace the Note 1 I have been using for the past two years. It is a step up from that phone and I am still learning how to do all the things it will do.
Nice case so happy..
The charger is not original
good
Highly recommended
The phone was in great condition, worked as if I had just bought in from an actual store. The S pen broke the same day I got it so I was not able to use these features on the phone. I was able to activate right away on my Verizon prepaid plan. I really like the phone except the broken S pen I hope in the future this is fixed but other than that great product.
Great!!
Love it!! Couldn't be happier. Looks/runs like brand new. Extremely happy with my purchase.
It was ok
It is basically just like brand new, I could not tell that it was refurbished If I hadn't been told. I do have Straight Talk service so I had to buy a sim card and get a network access number so it was an additional $60.00 in total to transfer my number and service to this phone, but other than that it's great!
I love this phone it arrived on time like new and came with Samsung charger. It's a Verizon phone but I use ATT prepaid on gsm. Just found out the flash doesn'the work so may be returning.
Nice big phone. Nice features.
as described - good seller
The device works as expected, I'm very satisfied and I look forward to purchasing more merchandise in the near future!
So far I love it. Haven't had it long enough to exclaim on it. Like it better than my former iPhone.
Great product!My SM-N900V (SM-N9005) came from DealFisher. It's in almost new condition. It has android 5.0, lollipop, already installed. Mine is white and came with a white charger & usb cord. I took my Consumer Cellular SIM card (AT&T network) and created a new APN after finding the settings needed online. It worked before I even called the IMEI number into Consumer Cellular.This is a Verizon model with GSM, so it can be used globally. It works fine on AT&T and T-Mobile GSM & HSPA+ networks (with their, or an MVNO's, SIM card It does not have the LTE 1700 band which AT&T and T-Mobile use for LTE, so you'll have to settle for HSPA+ speeds. Or switch to Verizon. I was going to switch anyway, but wanted GSM as an alternative.The support page with the manual is at - www dot samsung dot com/us/support/owners/product/SM-N900VZKEVZWYou can also download a USB driver for windows.Besides this model, there are versions of the Note 3 available for each provider on Amazon: AT&T/T-mobile, Sprint, and Verizon (w/o GSM) so you can order the one you need.
Works and looks great
Wow great phone I highly recommended it. However, the phone I received was defective. The first time pulling the stylus out it was broken in half. Most of the stylus is actually still lodged inside the phone.. I'm pretty mad the seller would mail out a broken device.
Delivery : one day earlier than expected! A+ @amazon and upsProduct from buyspry: so far its perfect. Expect the note 3 doesnt do android pay, Maybe its a good thing. Quality is top notch. Im am a cheapo and hate wasting money and hate contracts so.... i toook a chance. Turned out great! Verizon phones hate walmart family mobile powered by T-Mobile. So i went prepaid verizon. Great signals mobile n WiFi! Fast too. Good job amazon and buyspry
Nice phone I would recommend this product to others.
Thanks
Awesome phone. My expectations were honestly low and then I got the phone in perfect condition and set up was easy as cake. Definitely recommended.
Very good; I only had some difficulty getting the 4G to connect.
Beautiful
Excelente!!!
Phone in wonderful condition. Charger packaged with it is incorrectly matched with this phone, likely from an old iPhone. As such, phone charges at a snail's pace. Save for this issue, it would be a 5 star purchase.
Love my new note. Not willing to pay major bucks for a call phone, but this one makes me feel like I did. I love the stylus.
As advertised.
Did not realize I would need a bigger sim. Have yet been able to use it!
I'm loving it! Works like new.
Works and looks great
This is the second one I bought through Amazon. The phone looked brand new and works great! Just remember to make sure you order the one the corresponds with the mobile phone company you have ie. Verizon, ATT etc.
Exciting to find a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 "certified refurbished" available to use with my new phone carrier. It was a breeze to switch all my photos and information over from the last phone. This phone is big and I can actually read it without squinting. The photos, pictures, words, everything is crystal clear on this phone. I noticed that this phone charging port is different than most and had to give it a 4 stars because the cord that came with the phone didn't charge. The sender was kind enough to send another plug and it is charging great now. Thank you
very easy, product looks and feels new. Great warranty program too!
I love my new phone! It's great! Big screen, touchscreen is very responsive, "ok google" commands are also very handy. Love, love, love this new phone!
The product was in great condition. The only problem was that it was a Verizon phone which I did read and description but it was difficult for me to pair of the device to my T-Mobile account I did have to do some research and change some settings to make it work but I was getting dropped signals due to it being a Verizon phone and was not able to send pictures via text. But all in all the product was acceptable and in good condition and would have been great if I was a Verizon customer. I did have to send the phone back and I have found a T-Mobile version of the phone.
More than expected!
Nice
This was bought from provider BuySpry. Amazing for a refurbished phone. Looks brand new. Called Verizon with the new sim card and they activated it under my old broke phone's number and everything is working great. I was a little nervous getting a refurbished phone but saved lots and is s very nice phone.
very good condition
great condition.
love this however i returned it i found one that was a little less costly
I am very happy with the phone and it was in excellent condition
Great phone was bummed out to find out after hooking it up I could have got a note 4 for $75 More then what I paid for this and Amazon wanted $175 More
Love this phone. It has been everything I wanted it to be.
Replaced my old note 3 for 200 instead of paying 200 for a screen repair. It came in 2 days in great condition and works great, they said it was refurbished but looks good as new.
Best phone I have ever bought. Hope it stays that way.
Samsung has a free app Smart Switch. Had everything transferred to new phone in 30 minutes. kept messages, email. had Two purchased programs I had to re download. No Sweat!
The Phone came in great condition and I love to use it. Thanks again.👍👍
I love it
as described, excellent condition.
This was rated in very good condition, and upon getting it I completely agree. Is like a brand new phone. This phone has so many neat features. Very happy with it.
The phone works great and is in good condition. However, it does not come with original charger, but I already had one from my S5. Also, the stylus that came with my phone is the black one, but my phone is white. Other than that the phone works perfectly.
Very happy with my galaxy note 3.Inserted my sim cards in phone an had it up and running in no time.Goodbye for the money.
Great shipping. Great phone. Love it. No scratched not a blemish. Works great. Kudos! !!!
I love this phone. I hope it stays in good working condition.
I love this phone
I love it
Good product, meet expectation
It's great my dad loves it
Bought it as a gift to send oversea. The person was very pleased with it.
Very good
I am enjoying my phone!!
My wife is not a techy...but she is loving this new phone. Each day, as she gets use to it, she loves it even more!
Nice sumsung galaxy note 3 service
Battery could be new, the one that came with the phone dies a bit quick. Other than that I love the phone, its in overall great shape
👍🏻
Awesome phone
Shipped from amazon, and appears to be the genuine article. Shipped in a sealed box with basic charger, battery, back cover, and info on how to download the manual. Switched to Tracfone BYOP plan without any problem!! So far so good!!
Purchased from BREED, and honestly the phone looks brand new, just a little scratch in the one of the corners but looks pretty new. Was extremely skeptical about purchasing it because I heard a lot of criticism about it still being locked to VERIZON. After reading a few comments indicated to change the APN, it worked! Works and looks like brand new.
I took this to Honduras as a gift. It worked in the GS<M network there and the recipient was delighted.
I was a little worried at first because when it started up it was just verizon everything!!! I thought oh no its not unlocked and this will never work. I had just spent a couple hundred dollars so I had to try. I put my sim card (for straight talk) in and called to activate it and to my relief and surprise it worked! It went fast and smooth! I have had it for a few weeks and I love this phone. It was brand new looking and runs great. you will have to force stop some of the verizon programs but I know nothing about phone and it only took me 2 min so should be no problem for most.
Exactly as described. Works awesome. Using it with Cricket wireless with no problems. My only negative is that they send you a charger, just not the charger that charges your phone fast.
30 days after our 2-year Verizon contract was up, I threw my old Note 3 about 8-feet into the air and it landed on concrete. Bad day. Didn't want to get into another 2-year contract and I loved the Note 3, so came looking for this unit.Looks and acts brand new! Moved the SIM and SD card from the old to the new and it started pulling my apps back down to the new device. It did take about 90 minutes to download and install all of the Android updates. Honestly, for all I know this device was never owned by anyone and was liquidated from some cell phone retailer who went out of business.Packaging was good, but not retail. The charger and cable are not USB 3.0 items that would come with a new Note 3, but they are serviceable. I still have what came with my original Note 3.There aren't any features on the Note 4 or Note 5 that made me want to invest in them and I like that all of my old accessories (extended battery, sound dock, spare pens) are still useful to me.No regrets!
Exactly what I wanted - met all expectations.
So far so good! Only had it a week and only two problems so far. 1: my kids think it is a tablet (lol) and 2: it doesn't have a note charger so it takes FOREVER to charge....
The best ever. I knew I should've never ordered from Groupon in the first place took two weeks to receive and the screen blacked out in less than 24 hrs.... So I hoped on Amazon and order the same note 3 and got it within 24hrs and its been working ever since. Stick to Amazon they have the best products. I'll continue ordering from them faithfully
Great product . Quick ship. No problems.
The Samsung Note 3 is a great phablet! Love the features, love the phone!
The phone arrived in perfect condition, with all the listed items. I am completely satisfied with my Note 3.
This is a great phone. Easy to setup over AT&T, T-Mobo. I am using it in Haiti over Digicel Haiti and Natcom. Everything is fine. No complaints. I'll recommend it to my friends. Thankssss.
Very strong phone and easy to use.
The phone exceeded my expectations, and the shipping was fast. I strongly recommend it.
The charger I received with this phone almost set my house on fire....it was hot to the touch while charging phone n started smoking....was a cheap charger n not one for the phone. Otherwise no other issues...would appreciate you sending me proper charger. Using my daughter's at this time...thank you
It is nice
good device for a good price.
I love my phone it wasn't new but it works well
Love it. Arrived early and easy to set up
Well I have had the phone for a few weeks and I am overall happy with it. Now I am not the primary person to use it but trust me does it get used...A LOT! The major thing that concerned me when I first turned it on is there was someones contacts, Pictures, Call history, and All apps still on the phone. Luckily being the good person I am I immediately wiped the phone and started off fresh. Since thing things are ok.
Works well no issues. .. the charger does not seem the fit the slot and sometimes does not charge when plugged in unless it is "wiggled"... no headphone came in the box as advertised.
I was skeptical even after purchasing this phone from Amazon. After reading all the comments, I noticed that ALL THE REVIEWS FROM DIFFERENT SELLERS are piled up. I bought mine from BuySPRY so this seller's Samsung Galaxy Note III is the one I'm rating.I know that it is easy to find fake Note III phones, for this reason I carefully inspected mine as soon as I got it.The package is a no retail one as described.The phone comes with a removable protective sticker on the screen and main body adhered by the retailer.The screen and body come WITH NO SCRATCHES whatsoever, so I rate it with an A+.The battery was also inspected and it is original with a clean watermark.The stylus is very hard to get out, but I guess it is because the phone has 2+ years of manufacture date. I believe as the usage increases it will become easier to release.I placed a US T-Mobile sim card and turned on the phone.The screen is smooth, no sign of the screen being water damaged or broke and replaced.One thing I do notice is that the phone permanently displays a message in the notification bar that says: "Sim Card is from and unknown source" (To be honest that doesn't bother me at all).To enable the 4G speed data, you must MANUALLY type your carrier's APN and select the Network Mode as GSM/WDCMA/LTE.After this, I used the stylus and the click works perfectly fine, which means that it is OEM. (The fake ones do not even click).As far as the accessories, the phone comes with and OEM charger only. Mine was black. Thus, it is possible that if you buy the white Note III you will get a black charger.I will be constantly checking my phone and if any issues emerge, I will try to post them as soon as I can. (The seller gives a 90 DAY WARRANTY so that is definitely a plus).In order to know if you PHONE AND BATTERY are REAL OR FAKE I will leave two youtube links that I've found to be pretty helpful.[...][...]I hope this review helps you guys and good luck.
This phone is perfect. Everything I was looking for in brand new condition.
it works great so far, received fast shipping
Good
This phone was fine just a little beat up. It came when it was supposed to.
Awesome quality! Great buy. Super fast delivery.
Good
love the phone, had to order a new battery but for the price what another $8, only thing that sucks is the phone don't support tap-pay anymore so NFC is useless. but still one of the best phone on the market even 3 years later still gives others a run for there moneyafter a week had to buy a new battery and charger the one sent sucks and didn't last long
thanks
Arrived on time and in great condition. This phone is excellent. I like the big screen for reading and videos. I'm replacing my Galaxy S3. The android version is much advanced between the two. The battery life is outstanding once I shutdown all the power hogging functions. I'm using this on tmobile even though it is a verizon. I've had no problems with this. All services work as they do on any tmobile phone.
Great product just didn't know it would come already linked to Verizon. No big deal. Since I had planned to become Verizon customer.
I really love my note 3 and the purchase price was great. Delivery time was correct and I had no problem getting it set up for my straight talk account. Amazon great place to order what ever you need and quick delivery.
I have had phone for about 30 days now. It looks like a new phone and I have no problems.Screen size is perfect for typing and much betterThan my iPhone 5s. If you do any business this is the perfect phone for you. You can read screenClearly and sending emails are very simple.Phone is also not too large to fit in your pocket.
I love the phone. It's just what I wanted.
After struggling with a laggy HTC 612, I finally purchased this. It looks virtually new. I did learn something though, all SIM cards are not created equal. The SIM card I had from my HTC was a nano, the Note takes a micro, so I purchased an adapter for about $10 on Amazon. You can check out your current SIM size by googling SIM sizes.Looks great, can't wait to see how it works. It cooks on wifi.
Would be a 5 star if it came with the proper cord and charger.
Works just great. I am able to use my T-Mobile carrier just fine. Thank you.
Great service happy with product!
Love the phone..its far better than I had expected. Condition was like brand new. The only thing I don't like about it, is that the set up wizard cant be turned off and it keeps telling me that it doesn't recognize my sim card...pretty much a pain...but other than that, I have absolutely no complaints whatsoever :)
Great phone! Absolutely flawless. Like brand new.
Great phone looks brand new thank you very much and works very well
The phone came in a timely matter and in the condition it was displayed. It was in full working condition with no scratches or cracks. I am still using the phone and love it!
Came like new. Works great! So happy I did this.
Love the phone! WorKS and looks great too!
It's really good mobile.
The phone works well. Unfortunately the charger does not work.
Very pleased with the phone and shipping was just as described.
The phone works well , it was sent in good packaging, clean no freezing works well and work recommend this phone for a student or one needing their televommunication needs met.
My daughter likes her new phone. Enjoys using the stylist. The micro SD card wouldn't install. That a small issue though because the phone has 32 GB of memory. Wow!
Awesome phone, looked brand new when I received it. Comes with a replacement back cover that comes loose time to time but adding a case solves that problem. I just wish it came with the actual charger, but you can easily buy the charger it needs...
All good
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (sm-n900v)- 32gb it works very well. I think is a good deal 👍👌
I have been using it for 6 months, no any problem.
Good product
Bought this for my wife as a replacement for a dead motorola phone. It was claimed to be a refurb but appeared to be new in all respects save one. It came with a low-capacity charger not the high amperage charger and cable supplied with the original. This is an oversight that should be corrected as the low capacity charger takes way too long to charge this large battery. Talk time is excellent and the color is great. I have the same phone only in black and both phones are awesome. Highly recommended.
I want to return my recent note 3 phone,just because is not working good for me,l can't listening to my voice mail sometime Internet don't work.
After two days I like it, will need to use it for a longer period and if no problems would rate it a five. Two days is to soon.
very happy with this phone! I love it!
Worked as promised. Still use it today!
Thanks u make me happy
It was everything I wanted!!! Thought it was Verizon but was Unlocked!!
Got it fast and activated it no problem. I got it for my 72 year young mom. She's learning pretty quick to use it.
Had no problem using this under metro PCS.
The phone is just like a brand new and I love everything about it. The back cover looks beautiful. The only draw back is that it has some Verizon applications that can not be unInstalled and Hotspot functionality doesn't work.
I bought this for my dad. He loves it, so I'm happy with this purchase.
Nice
when i got this phone and opened the box i knew i got something special. the phone was beautiful and looked like brand new. who said referb isnt worth it. this phone is nice and light and is totally awesome. it worked with my straight talk service and i just cant put it down. charges fast and just looks great. if you want an affordable phone this is a good one to pick.
I am reallu fascinated with the product, I can say no more but thank you so much for i have found this very amazing best quality product. I have tried any other sellers previously but this is the best that I have found and thank you so much! I am now one of your most loyal customers and will always be the number fan of your company. I can't wait to get another pairs and give to my sister and mom as an early thanksgiving and Christmas gift! We love the seller and the items hope y'all continue to sell some great stuffs for us to enjoy! Love y'all!
Product not completely open. I still get the Verizon messages like Not A Verizon sim card on the screen
thanks you
Works internationally when it was activated in Jamaica!
Great phone to be refurbished, just like new. Great buy.
It is a good phone on its own if you were using a Verizon carrier. But is isn't the best if you have a different carrier.
Received in great condition as stated!
I previously used a 2, but the 3 is so much smother. I am still learning how to use all the new features but enjoy the learning experience
Perfect '
Excellent item; worked as advertised!
Great
great
The Note 3 is an amazing phone, lightening fast and crystal clear. I have have many phones in the past and the Note 3 is far and away the best I've had yet. I would stack it up against any phone on the market, and I bet it would blow the competition out of the water.
Great phone, as described, and fast shipping. I bought for my son and he absolutely loves it!!!
Shipped quickly and phone works very well so far.
The phone arrived as promised - even though listed as "refurbished", not a scratch on it, and everything seems to be functioning correctly so far .... Could have used just a tiny bit more "cleaning" of some program settings, but that was definitely not a deal breaker ........
Amazing, certified refurbished phone for verizon, I put my Sim card in and boom...everything transfered with no issues!!! The phone looks brand new no scratches or anything, will deff be ordering another phone from this person for my husband. Amazing and fast shipping!!!
It is good, I liked it.
exactly as described - much bigger display than my old phone - love the stylus and notepad so i can actually handwrite notes and things, battery life is average, brightness is great, lots of home screens and includes a great samsung app to help me keep track of my health (walking, sleep, caloric intake etc) LOVE IT
Great.
Great phone!
Ordered one of these a while back for my boyfriend when he smashed his phone. Ordered it again 2 days ago because he smashed his phone AGAIN.The phones work and look great. No complaints.
Plenty has been written about how awesome the Note 3 cellphone is, so I’m not going to waste time praising its specs/ features. Suffice to say it is exceptional. I have had the Note 3 since it was first released a few years back and have been very happy with it. I wanted a second one to replace my wife’s Galaxy S3 whose charging port recently stopped working, but where to go to buy another Note 3 without getting it from the cellular provider which would mean being obligated to another 2 year contact and an unwanted change to my cellphone plan? For me, going to Amazon was a no-brainer. The customer service and ease of doing business with Amazon has so far been excellent. That being said, I was still a bit reluctant to buy a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Certified Refurbished phone. Until recently, I didn't know much about Magic Mobile Partners, but the fact that Amazon was backing them up via the Amazon fulfillment policy definitely eased my mind about buying a phone from them, so I pulled the trigger and ordered it,The phone was delivered quickly and came thoughtfully packaged. Magic Mobile Partners didn’t disappoint. While the phone is described as a Certified Refurbished phone, the fact is that it came in pristine condition. Side note; had someone handed me the phone for the first time, I would have sworn it was brand new! The Note 3 came with all the required accessories associated with a cellphone purchase sans a user manual, but that’s no big deal because Magic Mobile Partners provided website information on where to get it if needed. I was able to get the phone activated with my cellular provider without a glitch. I am totally satisfied with my buying experience with both Magic Mobile Partners and Amazon. The next time I need to buy a cellphone, there will be no hesitation on where I’m going to get it.
Phone came in great condition.
Love the phone. Works great! Would give it 5 stars but didn't come with original box and no accessories as described
Everything was working and in good condition!
I got it as a gift for someone and it works perfect still :)
All good
I feel the phone is very good but the charger is not orginal so I can not charge my phone
I love this phone. You can't even tell that it was refurbished. It works well and has a ton of cool features..
I was a little worried by the packaging, but I'm quite pleased. The phone was in pristine condition and is working perfectly.
battery problem. working good. it looks like new
FAST DELIVERY AND I AM LOVING ITEdit: The charger only worked for two weeks..
Everything works very will with the phone... the only thing I would suggest would be putting a new battery in the phone I got my phone with a poor battery that will not hold a charge for very long and it needed replaced... but beside that the phone is 100% besides the battery....
Nice phone , bought it for my sis, and she like it.
I purchased the phone to use with straight talk and it was very simple to do. The phone itself is in great condition and works great.
Good phone, there wasn't nothing wrong and I'm happy with my buy. It dint come with users manual but then again I did buy it used, however it did come with a website link for the users manual, not bad.
Phone and battery was in really good shape but the charger and back casing could be better would have been 5 stars on another note phone works with TMOBILE 4G lte with the correct APN settings
I've had this for almost 8 months now, and it still works flawlessly.
Wasn't supposed to get the phone until February 25- march 3rd and I received it yesterday so super fast and great phone
Refurbished version. It's ok, works with my T-Mobile prepaid sim with a persistent warning message, but apparently it is not possible to put my favorite lightweight software Cyanogenmod on it because the phone is running Android 5.0, which is locked down pretty tight.
My husband and me both were needing new phones in a really bad way. I ordered 2 of the Note 3 from the seller BREED. When they arrived neither of us were expecting what we got! The phones were almost like 100% new. We ordered 2 ($400.00) both looked great yes in reality they were not 100% perfect, but I would not rate either of them below 98% perfect! The screens were love they had never been touched! 1 of the phones had a very small scratch on one of the conners. Really not a big deal in either of us. It's in a case so you don't even see it. The "S" pen is the original and functions great! I guess if there was 1 thing either of us didn't a price of is the charger and charging cable. You gat the older style charge cable and some other brand charger, but with all the fake note 3's out there this is a very minor inconvenience as we can always place another order with Amazon and get the USB 3 charge cable. Shipping was great! Orgered last Wednesday night got both of them today (Monday). We use straight talk as our carrier took my husband about 4 min to enter the apn numbers and bam! Both phones work great very happy with the money well spent!
Totally happy so far...no problems...
Looked like a new phone. The Note 3 is an excellent phone with a great screen replaceable battery and external memory.
Great
I love my phone! It looks brand new, size of the screen amazing, battery life good, the phone work perfectly, arrived on time, the only thing is that the pen is fake but who care about that, no one use it! I fully recomend this phone. I felt in love whit it. Many thanks!
Excellent
This is the best phone I have had so far. Not looking to up grade no time soon.
It does everything I expect it to.
Very nice and durable
Great product, great buy, GREAT seller
I love my new phone. I finally upgraded from a Samsung S3. I found out that I could not use the phone on Boost. I ended up switching to Verizon prepaid plan and lowered my cell bill even more!!!
It still says unknown sim card, however, that isn't an issue since it does still work with the T-Mobile company
It is like a brand new. Thank you so much for the good quality.But the charge is no good.
I broke my note 2 just too many times so I decided to upgrade! I love the new version! ^.^
I love my new phone! I bought the straight talk activation kit and I activated my phone in 5 minutes.
This review is for the Samsung galaxy note 3 refurb from BUYSTRY.As for the phone it looks and works like new and is a step up for me.BUYSYRY shipped this out real fast and as i said its like new.I use this on tracfone,picked up a cdma sim kit called tracfone and all works well.
No problems at all put in my Sim card was using my new phone in just a few minutes.
Looks so like new that I suspect that it is
It works pretty good. The only exception is that it keeps stating that the sd card was removed. It doesn't grasp it securely. Other than that it works really good. I especially love the pen.
Love my galaxy note 3. Best phone I've had to date. Recommend to anymore.
Everything seems to work, except taking pictures or videos. I can take them, but I can't find them anywhere on the device. I can see them through gallery right after I take them, but if I try to open them they show as "broken" or unsupported type....08/07/16 Update:Found a work around, I changed the camera to save to the device instead of the SD card, working great now. No oyher probkems. I truly do love this phone!It's quick, great screen, easy to use, and typical great product from Samsung!!
I received the phone in a timely manner. It came just as described. I Love it
excellent cellphone,im using it in uruguay, has a wonderful screen, doesnt lag and works like a charm with my network!
Great !
Thank YOU for being exactly what it is without wondering will it work . . . LOVE THE NOTE 3
As Described, No complaints
Does Not Fully Work on the AT&T Network - the phone I received was originally from Verizon. It will work on AT&T (lookup how to create the APN), but you cannot use it as a hotspot because it will check the phones number against the verizon network to see if it's authorized to be a hotspot and fail. It also cannot send MMS messages, and has frequent issues with regular text messages. Since Verizon has locked the firmware there are no easy root methods available for the phone.The removal of one star is because the seller did not do a good job in disclosing the limitations of the phone (it's unlocked, but still has the Verizon firmware and all of the verizon hooks/apps in the system)I am happy to report that the seller BluTekUSA happily took the phone back, and I purchased a Galaxy Note 4 from them that was set up on the AT&T network, It has performed as expected and is a great phone.Other than that, the phone was in great condition, you couldn't tell it from new. It shipped 8 days after I ordered it and is a really nice phone.
Works -- granddaughter loves it
Alrighty the first note 3 I got( and had to return) did not work, at first it seemed perfect but then would no longer read the Sim card. The replacement I got works flawlessly, it looks brand new performs like brand new, on os 5.0 it had terrible battery life and didn't read my Sim card, 4.4.4 (which is the version the phone came back with) has no problems, btw the note 3 can use the regular charger cords for other Samsung devices, what I read said this phone has the USB 3.0 port right next to the charger port I guess the note 3 oem charger cable just charges faster.Lastly, I'm using straight talk through Verizon, hope this helps someone heh
I had second thoughts on a Refurbished product, but worked perfectly with no problems. Totally Recommended, just have in mind that the box is not the original box.
the phones works great. It was not set up right. Operator error. I am very pleased with phone. I plan on buying another one
I love this phone. So far it has been a good phone
The phone I received is great but it arrived with the wrong charger and cable.
My wife gave her original note 3 a dip in the pool. At $600 plus for a new one this saved the day!
I always like Samsung phones, and this one works perfectly. When i had difficulty with the data, the company gave me quick response and helped me figure out this question quick and easily.
Good seller item as described and fast shipping thank you
excellent
I bought this phone for my daughter. It has functioned perfectly!
Often has problems. But seems to " heal" itself.
I ordered this note 3 it said unlock but when I put my Sim in, the phone said my Sim is not recognize I had no choice but to return it.but for a refurbish phone it was good but I need a unlock phone I give it a 4 star anyway
Very good
totally works fine! I don't know how to get rid of the spam splash screens (it pops up as verizon and there are all these junk applications) BUT it seems ot work perfectly fine with straight talk, so I do appreciate that. It's super easy to install, just follow the instructions and look forward to cell phone savings!!!!
working good.
Like new...no complaints
Everything is great but it didn't come with the right charger so it doesn't charge properly
A Note that doesn't explode in the pocket?
Nice Phone
Great phone at a great price. I purchased from Prime Mobility and am very impressed aND pleased. This phone is refurbished, but looks brand new!I had ordered another refurbished phone from a different seller and had to return it because it wouldn't charge. After I returned the phone (no cost to me) Amazon sent my refund (gift card because it was a gift) promptly.
This came exactly as expected and arrived on time safely. No concerns.
I am not a fan of Verizon service but it is what I really didn't have a choice as to how many used phones I could choose. I do like the size of the phone and it does offer some pretty good benefits for the phone. I did get the phone in a decent time as stated for the delivery
My husband loves his new phone! . Fast service!
Great for refurbished! Worth the $$$
Great phone and came on time ..
My husband loves it!
This phone was in crisp almost new condition. The Verizon Note 3 we received was a 4G LTE phone. Our big problem was getting Tracfone service to work. We bought their 4GLTE kit and inserted the sim. Phone read "sim card not readable". This is Tracefone not having registered the SIM. Their tech support people were quick to say the phone was not unlocked. This is not he case. I had to get a hold of someone at cooperate Tracfone (after 5 days of calling), that understood how to manually transfer my old tracfone service to this BYOP note 3. Now it works great.We are very pleased with the phone and the outstanding condition it was in. This is a great deal for an unlocked refurbished Galaxy Note 3. We would buy another.
I couldn't be happier with the phone. Switching it to Tracfone for calling was very easy using the Tracfone Sim activation kit sold by Amazon. Tracfone in my area uses Verizon. To use the 4G data, Tracfone second level technical support took about an hour to custom configure the phone using an AT&T server. Both have worked reliably since mid-June 2016. The Tracfone Android app works fine, but requires me to manually sign into my account.My phone was represented by Amazon as being new as opposed to refurbished. Which ever it was, the phone was in mint condition. I added a 64GB Class 10 micro-SD for a total of 96 gigabytes of storage.I bought a glass screen protector, but haven't installed it yet since I routinely use a front protector supplied with my phone case. Because of the Note 3 additional video functions, aligning screen protectors is not all that easy.I choose the Note 3 over the Note 4 because I feared that water proofing in the Note 4 would complicate getting to the charger port. As it turned out, I still have to remove the front cover to access that USB 3 port. All things considered, it is a minor inconvenience.The battery would have to be charged most every day until I turned off everything but Sound, Power Saving and Multi-Window. Now the battery lasts several days. Of course, aside from checking messages and emails occasionally, I don't use the phone all that much. My Tracfone annual bill comes to about $100 a year. The 5.7" high resolution screen does work well for MP4 movies. Partly because I used to work in the Intelligence community, I don't use social media. Given my needs, I don't anticipate needing another phone for at least a half dozen years.
Perfect phone.
Product as described & arrived on time. The only complaint I have about this reconditioned phone is the camera app sometimes closes abruptedly and doesn't work. Other than that, everything is good on it.
Best phone you could ever ask for.. I love it.
EXCELLENT PHONE A LITTLE PRICEY FOR USED BUT GOOD
The phone is as good as described.. Loved the phone. Bought it about 8 months ago.. no complains yet..
I bought two. They both are trouble free. People seem to have problems with them if they're not using them for Verizon, though.
Great condition..
Works great!
Best phone I ever owned. I'm a new note fan and will always get a note when I need a new phone.
Love it. And my mom who I got it for loves it. It's her first smart phone. She love the battery life compared to her old flip phone
I ordered this phone because it was still running KitKat. It arrived in like-new condition and is currently in use. The only thing I hate is that the OTA update was forced pushing me to Lolipop.
Love this little box,best investment ever
Phone arrived in near perfect condition from blutek in Samsung box with Samsung brick and cord. After inserting my Tmobile sim card phone is working as expected. A notification did popped up stating "sim card to from Verizon" but I was able to disable it so it won't keep popping up. It may take some time for the phone to receive incoming calls. Mine started working within about 45 minutes after inserting Sim card. Some usere may have to update the APN settings which is what allows you to access mobile data and picture messaging. This can be done easily with a quick google search or contact your carrier to walk you through it.
Fast ship and exactly as described. Thank you.
Very strong phone and easy to use.
The phone exceeded my expectations, and the shipping was fast. I strongly recommend it.
The charger I received with this phone almost set my house on fire....it was hot to the touch while charging phone n started smoking....was a cheap charger n not one for the phone. Otherwise no other issues...would appreciate you sending me proper charger. Using my daughter's at this time...thank you
It is nice
good device for a good price.
Love it. Arrived early and easy to set up
Well I have had the phone for a few weeks and I am overall happy with it. Now I am not the primary person to use it but trust me does it get used...A LOT! The major thing that concerned me when I first turned it on is there was someones contacts, Pictures, Call history, and All apps still on the phone. Luckily being the good person I am I immediately wiped the phone and started off fresh. Since thing things are ok.
awesome
I bought this as a refurbished model. Several of my friends and family have the same model, so I was familiar with the phone. Though it was refurbished, it looks like new. The changeover from my Galaxy S3 to this was seamless. It's been two days since is was on the charger and the battery is still at 50%. I love this phone. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N900V) - 32GB Verizon + GSM Smartphone - Black (Certified Refurbished)
Works great. No issues to report as off yet!!
Would be a 5 star if it came with the proper cord and charger.
Works just great. I am able to use my T-Mobile carrier just fine. Thank you.
Great service happy with product!
Love the phone..its far better than I had expected. Condition was like brand new. The only thing I don't like about it, is that the set up wizard cant be turned off and it keeps telling me that it doesn't recognize my sim card...pretty much a pain...but other than that, I have absolutely no complaints whatsoever :)
Great phone! Absolutely flawless. Like brand new.
Great phone looks brand new thank you very much and works very well
It was everything I wanted!!! Thought it was Verizon but was Unlocked!!
Had no problem using this under metro PCS.
The phone is just like a brand new and I love everything about it. The back cover looks beautiful. The only draw back is that it has some Verizon applications that can not be unInstalled and Hotspot functionality doesn't work.
Nice
Great phone for the price, just had to return it because my boyfriend had already bought a new phone.
I really love my note 3 I thought that maybe it was too good to be true but when It came I got it out and dam it was better than I thought no problems the only thing is that it says comes with original accessories but the truth is mine only came with everything but, the headphones which I'm not mad about but it also didn't come with the usb 3.0 charger it just came with a regular charger but that's alright it works just fine and updated to lollipop because it wouldn't let me update through the settings so I downloaded kies.
Worked very great in W Africa
Thank you!
Good phone.
as advertised
Was sending it to my country in Africa. .but works well so far.......
My wife absolutely love's it
awsome
I bought this phone hoping for the best and so glad I did. It is awesome. My last phone died on me and I really wanted a phone that would do everything I wanted and maybe more. This was the charm. It works great. I am so happy!
Works fantastic. Thank you!
Great product . Quick ship. No problems.
The phone arrived in perfect condition, with all the listed items. I am completely satisfied with my Note 3.
This is a great phone. Easy to setup over AT&T, T-Mobo. I am using it in Haiti over Digicel Haiti and Natcom. Everything is fine. No complaints. I'll recommend it to my friends. Thankssss.
Awesome quality! Great buy. Super fast delivery.
Good
love the phone, had to order a new battery but for the price what another $8, only thing that sucks is the phone don't support tap-pay anymore so NFC is useless. but still one of the best phone on the market even 3 years later still gives others a run for there moneyafter a week had to buy a new battery and charger the one sent sucks and didn't last long
thanks
Arrived on time and in great condition. This phone is excellent. I like the big screen for reading and videos. I'm replacing my Galaxy S3. The android version is much advanced between the two. The battery life is outstanding once I shutdown all the power hogging functions. I'm using this on tmobile even though it is a verizon. I've had no problems with this. All services work as they do on any tmobile phone.
I really love my note 3 and the purchase price was great. Delivery time was correct and I had no problem getting it set up for my straight talk account. Amazon great place to order what ever you need and quick delivery.
I have had phone for about 30 days now. It looks like a new phone and I have no problems.Screen size is perfect for typing and much betterThan my iPhone 5s. If you do any business this is the perfect phone for you. You can read screenClearly and sending emails are very simple.Phone is also not too large to fit in your pocket.
I love the phone. It's just what I wanted.
Phone in wonderful condition. Charger packaged with it is incorrectly matched with this phone, likely from an old iPhone. As such, phone charges at a snail's pace. Save for this issue, it would be a 5 star purchase.
Love my new note. Not willing to pay major bucks for a call phone, but this one makes me feel like I did. I love the stylus.
As advertised.
I'm loving it! Works like new.
The phone works well. Unfortunately the charger does not work.
Very pleased with the phone and shipping was just as described.
The phone works well , it was sent in good packaging, clean no freezing works well and work recommend this phone for a student or one needing their televommunication needs met.
My daughter likes her new phone. Enjoys using the stylist. The micro SD card wouldn't install. That a small issue though because the phone has 32 GB of memory. Wow!
Awesome phone, looked brand new when I received it. Comes with a replacement back cover that comes loose time to time but adding a case solves that problem. I just wish it came with the actual charger, but you can easily buy the charger it needs...
All good
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (sm-n900v)- 32gb it works very well. I think is a good deal 👍👌
I have been using it for 6 months, no any problem.
Nice phone I would recommend this product to others.
Thanks
Awesome phone. My expectations were honestly low and then I got the phone in perfect condition and set up was easy as cake. Definitely recommended.
Very good; I only had some difficulty getting the 4G to connect.
Beautiful
Excelente!!!
I love my new phone. I finally upgraded from a Samsung S3. I found out that I could not use the phone on Boost. I ended up switching to Verizon prepaid plan and lowered my cell bill even more!!!
It still says unknown sim card, however, that isn't an issue since it does still work with the T-Mobile company
It is like a brand new. Thank you so much for the good quality.But the charge is no good.
I broke my note 2 just too many times so I decided to upgrade! I love the new version! ^.^
I love my new phone! I bought the straight talk activation kit and I activated my phone in 5 minutes.
This review is for the Samsung galaxy note 3 refurb from BUYSTRY.As for the phone it looks and works like new and is a step up for me.BUYSYRY shipped this out real fast and as i said its like new.I use this on tracfone,picked up a cdma sim kit called tracfone and all works well.
No problems at all put in my Sim card was using my new phone in just a few minutes.
I am very pleased with my Galaxy note 3. This is my first smartphone and It's awesome. My son has one that he paid a small fortune for. He was shocked that I found the G N 3 for such a good price. And it was delivered at the exact time Amazon said I would receive it.
A gift for my daughter and she loves it.
This is a great alternative to unlocked phone if you are smart enough to follow instructions and change your APN. Phone was as good as new out of the box and should work with all GSM sim cards. It also has a global GSM option which should be good enough for it to be used outside US. Just follow the instructions ( send by the seller) and you should be up & running. I would definitely recommend buying it from BuySpry. I am glad I did and they were very helpful. I am using a H2O wireless sim card and they were precise in letting me know exactly what to do. Great alternative if you aren't willing to spend huge and yet get a high end flagship phone.
A little on the big side but the note features are great.
I bought this as a birthday present for my husband. It's been about 3 weeks and so far he is very satisfied with it. No scratches, works great, had no trouble activating it with Verizon. I would buy from this company again
A Note that doesn't explode in the pocket?
Nice Phone
Great phone at a great price. I purchased from Prime Mobility and am very impressed aND pleased. This phone is refurbished, but looks brand new!I had ordered another refurbished phone from a different seller and had to return it because it wouldn't charge. After I returned the phone (no cost to me) Amazon sent my refund (gift card because it was a gift) promptly.
This came exactly as expected and arrived on time safely. No concerns.
I am not a fan of Verizon service but it is what I really didn't have a choice as to how many used phones I could choose. I do like the size of the phone and it does offer some pretty good benefits for the phone. I did get the phone in a decent time as stated for the delivery
My husband loves his new phone! . Fast service!
Great for refurbished! Worth the $$$
Everything was working and in good condition!
I got it as a gift for someone and it works perfect still :)
All good
when i got this phone and opened the box i knew i got something special. the phone was beautiful and looked like brand new. who said referb isnt worth it. this phone is nice and light and is totally awesome. it worked with my straight talk service and i just cant put it down. charges fast and just looks great. if you want an affordable phone this is a good one to pick.
I am reallu fascinated with the product, I can say no more but thank you so much for i have found this very amazing best quality product. I have tried any other sellers previously but this is the best that I have found and thank you so much! I am now one of your most loyal customers and will always be the number fan of your company. I can't wait to get another pairs and give to my sister and mom as an early thanksgiving and Christmas gift! We love the seller and the items hope y'all continue to sell some great stuffs for us to enjoy! Love y'all!
Product not completely open. I still get the Verizon messages like Not A Verizon sim card on the screen
thanks you
Works internationally when it was activated in Jamaica!
Great phone to be refurbished, just like new. Great buy.
I feel the phone is very good but the charger is not orginal so I can not charge my phone
I love this phone. You can't even tell that it was refurbished. It works well and has a ton of cool features..
I was a little worried by the packaging, but I'm quite pleased. The phone was in pristine condition and is working perfectly.
battery problem. working good. it looks like new
FAST DELIVERY AND I AM LOVING ITEdit: The charger only worked for two weeks..
Everything works very will with the phone... the only thing I would suggest would be putting a new battery in the phone I got my phone with a poor battery that will not hold a charge for very long and it needed replaced... but beside that the phone is 100% besides the battery....
I bought this phone to replace the Note 1 I have been using for the past two years. It is a step up from that phone and I am still learning how to do all the things it will do.
Nice case so happy..
The charger is not original
good
Great product!My SM-N900V (SM-N9005) came from DealFisher. It's in almost new condition. It has android 5.0, lollipop, already installed. Mine is white and came with a white charger & usb cord. I took my Consumer Cellular SIM card (AT&T network) and created a new APN after finding the settings needed online. It worked before I even called the IMEI number into Consumer Cellular.This is a Verizon model with GSM, so it can be used globally. It works fine on AT&T and T-Mobile GSM & HSPA+ networks (with their, or an MVNO's, SIM card It does not have the LTE 1700 band which AT&T and T-Mobile use for LTE, so you'll have to settle for HSPA+ speeds. Or switch to Verizon. I was going to switch anyway, but wanted GSM as an alternative.The support page with the manual is at - www dot samsung dot com/us/support/owners/product/SM-N900VZKEVZWYou can also download a USB driver for windows.Besides this model, there are versions of the Note 3 available for each provider on Amazon: AT&T/T-mobile, Sprint, and Verizon (w/o GSM) so you can order the one you need.
Works and looks great
Wow great phone I highly recommended it. However, the phone I received was defective. The first time pulling the stylus out it was broken in half. Most of the stylus is actually still lodged inside the phone.. I'm pretty mad the seller would mail out a broken device.
Delivery : one day earlier than expected! A+ @amazon and upsProduct from buyspry: so far its perfect. Expect the note 3 doesnt do android pay, Maybe its a good thing. Quality is top notch. Im am a cheapo and hate wasting money and hate contracts so.... i toook a chance. Turned out great! Verizon phones hate walmart family mobile powered by T-Mobile. So i went prepaid verizon. Great signals mobile n WiFi! Fast too. Good job amazon and buyspry
Highly recommended
The phone was in great condition, worked as if I had just bought in from an actual store. The S pen broke the same day I got it so I was not able to use these features on the phone. I was able to activate right away on my Verizon prepaid plan. I really like the phone except the broken S pen I hope in the future this is fixed but other than that great product.
Great!!
Love it!! Couldn't be happier. Looks/runs like brand new. Extremely happy with my purchase.
It was ok
It is basically just like brand new, I could not tell that it was refurbished If I hadn't been told. I do have Straight Talk service so I had to buy a sim card and get a network access number so it was an additional $60.00 in total to transfer my number and service to this phone, but other than that it's great!
I love this phone it arrived on time like new and came with Samsung charger. It's a Verizon phone but I use ATT prepaid on gsm. Just found out the flash doesn'the work so may be returning.
Good product
Bought this for my wife as a replacement for a dead motorola phone. It was claimed to be a refurb but appeared to be new in all respects save one. It came with a low-capacity charger not the high amperage charger and cable supplied with the original. This is an oversight that should be corrected as the low capacity charger takes way too long to charge this large battery. Talk time is excellent and the color is great. I have the same phone only in black and both phones are awesome. Highly recommended.
I want to return my recent note 3 phone,just because is not working good for me,l can't listening to my voice mail sometime Internet don't work.
After two days I like it, will need to use it for a longer period and if no problems would rate it a five. Two days is to soon.
very happy with this phone! I love it!
Worked as promised. Still use it today!
Thanks u make me happy
Phone in wonderful condition. Charger packaged with it is incorrectly matched with this phone, likely from an old iPhone. As such, phone charges at a snail's pace. Save for this issue, it would be a 5 star purchase.
Love my new note. Not willing to pay major bucks for a call phone, but this one makes me feel like I did. I love the stylus.
As advertised.
Did not realize I would need a bigger sim. Have yet been able to use it!
I'm loving it! Works like new.
Looks so like new that I suspect that it is
It works pretty good. The only exception is that it keeps stating that the sd card was removed. It doesn't grasp it securely. Other than that it works really good. I especially love the pen.
Love my galaxy note 3. Best phone I've had to date. Recommend to anymore.
Everything seems to work, except taking pictures or videos. I can take them, but I can't find them anywhere on the device. I can see them through gallery right after I take them, but if I try to open them they show as "broken" or unsupported type....08/07/16 Update:Found a work around, I changed the camera to save to the device instead of the SD card, working great now. No oyher probkems. I truly do love this phone!It's quick, great screen, easy to use, and typical great product from Samsung!!
I received the phone in a timely manner. It came just as described. I Love it
excellent cellphone,im using it in uruguay, has a wonderful screen, doesnt lag and works like a charm with my network!
Great !
I have had this phone for about 3 months now and it is in great condition you can use any gsm Sim card
I'm in love with my phone
In the past I had this phone and love it so much, I wouldn't have another in it place.
The phone came in a timely matter and in the condition it was displayed. It was in full working condition with no scratches or cracks. I am still using the phone and love it!
Came like new. Works great! So happy I did this.
Love the phone! WorKS and looks great too!
It's really good mobile.
My wife gave her original note 3 a dip in the pool. At $600 plus for a new one this saved the day!
I always like Samsung phones, and this one works perfectly. When i had difficulty with the data, the company gave me quick response and helped me figure out this question quick and easily.
Very strong phone and easy to use.
The phone exceeded my expectations, and the shipping was fast. I strongly recommend it.
The charger I received with this phone almost set my house on fire....it was hot to the touch while charging phone n started smoking....was a cheap charger n not one for the phone. Otherwise no other issues...would appreciate you sending me proper charger. Using my daughter's at this time...thank you
It is nice
good device for a good price.
I love my phone it wasn't new but it works well
Love it. Arrived early and easy to set up
Well I have had the phone for a few weeks and I am overall happy with it. Now I am not the primary person to use it but trust me does it get used...A LOT! The major thing that concerned me when I first turned it on is there was someones contacts, Pictures, Call history, and All apps still on the phone. Luckily being the good person I am I immediately wiped the phone and started off fresh. Since thing things are ok.
Wasn't supposed to get the phone until February 25- march 3rd and I received it yesterday so super fast and great phone
Refurbished version. It's ok, works with my T-Mobile prepaid sim with a persistent warning message, but apparently it is not possible to put my favorite lightweight software Cyanogenmod on it because the phone is running Android 5.0, which is locked down pretty tight.
My husband and me both were needing new phones in a really bad way. I ordered 2 of the Note 3 from the seller BREED. When they arrived neither of us were expecting what we got! The phones were almost like 100% new. We ordered 2 ($400.00) both looked great yes in reality they were not 100% perfect, but I would not rate either of them below 98% perfect! The screens were love they had never been touched! 1 of the phones had a very small scratch on one of the conners. Really not a big deal in either of us. It's in a case so you don't even see it. The "S" pen is the original and functions great! I guess if there was 1 thing either of us didn't a price of is the charger and charging cable. You gat the older style charge cable and some other brand charger, but with all the fake note 3's out there this is a very minor inconvenience as we can always place another order with Amazon and get the USB 3 charge cable. Shipping was great! Orgered last Wednesday night got both of them today (Monday). We use straight talk as our carrier took my husband about 4 min to enter the apn numbers and bam! Both phones work great very happy with the money well spent!
Totally happy so far...no problems...
Looked like a new phone. The Note 3 is an excellent phone with a great screen replaceable battery and external memory.
Great
I love my phone! It looks brand new, size of the screen amazing, battery life good, the phone work perfectly, arrived on time, the only thing is that the pen is fake but who care about that, no one use it! I fully recomend this phone. I felt in love whit it. Many thanks!
Excellent
Works well no issues. .. the charger does not seem the fit the slot and sometimes does not charge when plugged in unless it is "wiggled"... no headphone came in the box as advertised.
I was skeptical even after purchasing this phone from Amazon. After reading all the comments, I noticed that ALL THE REVIEWS FROM DIFFERENT SELLERS are piled up. I bought mine from BuySPRY so this seller's Samsung Galaxy Note III is the one I'm rating.I know that it is easy to find fake Note III phones, for this reason I carefully inspected mine as soon as I got it.The package is a no retail one as described.The phone comes with a removable protective sticker on the screen and main body adhered by the retailer.The screen and body come WITH NO SCRATCHES whatsoever, so I rate it with an A+.The battery was also inspected and it is original with a clean watermark.The stylus is very hard to get out, but I guess it is because the phone has 2+ years of manufacture date. I believe as the usage increases it will become easier to release.I placed a US T-Mobile sim card and turned on the phone.The screen is smooth, no sign of the screen being water damaged or broke and replaced.One thing I do notice is that the phone permanently displays a message in the notification bar that says: "Sim Card is from and unknown source" (To be honest that doesn't bother me at all).To enable the 4G speed data, you must MANUALLY type your carrier's APN and select the Network Mode as GSM/WDCMA/LTE.After this, I used the stylus and the click works perfectly fine, which means that it is OEM. (The fake ones do not even click).As far as the accessories, the phone comes with and OEM charger only. Mine was black. Thus, it is possible that if you buy the white Note III you will get a black charger.I will be constantly checking my phone and if any issues emerge, I will try to post them as soon as I can. (The seller gives a 90 DAY WARRANTY so that is definitely a plus).In order to know if you PHONE AND BATTERY are REAL OR FAKE I will leave two youtube links that I've found to be pretty helpful.[...][...]I hope this review helps you guys and good luck.
This phone is perfect. Everything I was looking for in brand new condition.
it works great so far, received fast shipping
Good
This phone was fine just a little beat up. It came when it was supposed to.
Some how like it
It came in excellent condition, works well with metro pcs
Excelente producto
It was a great investment.
It's a great phone and worth every penny I spent! 👍
working well after two months no complaints at all
The best ever. I knew I should've never ordered from Groupon in the first place took two weeks to receive and the screen blacked out in less than 24 hrs.... So I hoped on Amazon and order the same note 3 and got it within 24hrs and its been working ever since. Stick to Amazon they have the best products. I'll continue ordering from them faithfully
Great product . Quick ship. No problems.
The Samsung Note 3 is a great phablet! Love the features, love the phone!
The phone arrived in perfect condition, with all the listed items. I am completely satisfied with my Note 3.
This is a great phone. Easy to setup over AT&T, T-Mobo. I am using it in Haiti over Digicel Haiti and Natcom. Everything is fine. No complaints. I'll recommend it to my friends. Thankssss.
Great phone and came on time ..
My husband loves it!
This phone was in crisp almost new condition. The Verizon Note 3 we received was a 4G LTE phone. Our big problem was getting Tracfone service to work. We bought their 4GLTE kit and inserted the sim. Phone read "sim card not readable". This is Tracefone not having registered the SIM. Their tech support people were quick to say the phone was not unlocked. This is not he case. I had to get a hold of someone at cooperate Tracfone (after 5 days of calling), that understood how to manually transfer my old tracfone service to this BYOP note 3. Now it works great.We are very pleased with the phone and the outstanding condition it was in. This is a great deal for an unlocked refurbished Galaxy Note 3. We would buy another.
I couldn't be happier with the phone. Switching it to Tracfone for calling was very easy using the Tracfone Sim activation kit sold by Amazon. Tracfone in my area uses Verizon. To use the 4G data, Tracfone second level technical support took about an hour to custom configure the phone using an AT&T server. Both have worked reliably since mid-June 2016. The Tracfone Android app works fine, but requires me to manually sign into my account.My phone was represented by Amazon as being new as opposed to refurbished. Which ever it was, the phone was in mint condition. I added a 64GB Class 10 micro-SD for a total of 96 gigabytes of storage.I bought a glass screen protector, but haven't installed it yet since I routinely use a front protector supplied with my phone case. Because of the Note 3 additional video functions, aligning screen protectors is not all that easy.I choose the Note 3 over the Note 4 because I feared that water proofing in the Note 4 would complicate getting to the charger port. As it turned out, I still have to remove the front cover to access that USB 3 port. All things considered, it is a minor inconvenience.The battery would have to be charged most every day until I turned off everything but Sound, Power Saving and Multi-Window. Now the battery lasts several days. Of course, aside from checking messages and emails occasionally, I don't use the phone all that much. My Tracfone annual bill comes to about $100 a year. The 5.7" high resolution screen does work well for MP4 movies. Partly because I used to work in the Intelligence community, I don't use social media. Given my needs, I don't anticipate needing another phone for at least a half dozen years.
Perfect phone.
I love this phone. I hope it stays in good working condition.
I love this phone
I love it
Good product, meet expectation
It's great my dad loves it
It is a good phone on its own if you were using a Verizon carrier. But is isn't the best if you have a different carrier.
Received in great condition as stated!
I previously used a 2, but the 3 is so much smother. I am still learning how to use all the new features but enjoy the learning experience
Perfect '
Excellent item; worked as advertised!
Great
great
The Note 3 is an amazing phone, lightening fast and crystal clear. I have have many phones in the past and the Note 3 is far and away the best I've had yet. I would stack it up against any phone on the market, and I bet it would blow the competition out of the water.
Nice
This was bought from provider BuySpry. Amazing for a refurbished phone. Looks brand new. Called Verizon with the new sim card and they activated it under my old broke phone's number and everything is working great. I was a little nervous getting a refurbished phone but saved lots and is s very nice phone.
very good condition
great condition.
love this however i returned it i found one that was a little less costly
I am very happy with the phone and it was in excellent condition
Great phone was bummed out to find out after hooking it up I could have got a note 4 for $75 More then what I paid for this and Amazon wanted $175 More
Love this phone. It has been everything I wanted it to be.
My wife absolutely love's it
awsome
I bought this phone hoping for the best and so glad I did. It is awesome. My last phone died on me and I really wanted a phone that would do everything I wanted and maybe more. This was the charm. It works great. I am so happy!
It exceeded my expectations. I'm so happy that I bought this item. Works perfectly. Best product I've ever bought at Amazon.
Works fantastic. Thank you!
Would be a 5 star if it came with the proper cord and charger.
Works just great. I am able to use my T-Mobile carrier just fine. Thank you.
Great service happy with product!
Love the phone..its far better than I had expected. Condition was like brand new. The only thing I don't like about it, is that the set up wizard cant be turned off and it keeps telling me that it doesn't recognize my sim card...pretty much a pain...but other than that, I have absolutely no complaints whatsoever :)
Great phone! Absolutely flawless. Like brand new.
Great phone looks brand new thank you very much and works very well
excellent.
It's okay.i think I like to be patronized in future.
Initially, I was scared to buy a phone outside the carrier but a friend advised me not to be scared that I can get good phones from amazon through one of those independent sellers on amazon. So, I decided to give it a shot. The phone arrived as expected and everything looks and works good. BuySpry customer service was very professional and helpful. BuySpry do not keep you on the phone; no answering machine picks up and start reading long list of things you can do, you will be connected to a real person straight up. And they answered all my questions and attended to my need for calling them. I will always buy from them and recommend friends.
Will upgrade to android 5.0 and = to Note 4
great thing.
Excellent
Absolutely awesome. Perfect condition, delivered timely, worked and works perfectly. Better than the one it replaced. The price is very fair. I love this phone.
I'm very happy with this purchase. I love this phone! It has so many wonderful features and it was super easy to get it set-up on my Verizon account! Love the size of the screen, the stylus, and everything else about it. I also received it super fast!
Switched it over to Metro with no problems. It's PERFECT.
Great phone.
Bought this phone to run on Straight Talk. Phone arrived in practically new condition and works fantastically. My only complaint is that the description states that it comes with all original acessories, however it came with a generic charger rather than the original.
I bought the Note 3 from seller BREED, and I am very pleased. The phone looks perfect, no one would ever know it's refurbished if I didn't tell them. So, 5 starts for the seller, but unfortunately I'm plagued with the bad reception bug that seems to affect some Note 3 owners. Too bad Samsung didn't get that ironed out in an update. Otherwise it would be a 5 star+ phone. It's fast, bright, and big. Performance wise you'd never guess it is an older model.
Clean and received exactly what was in the description
Good phone... The charger doesn't last though!
Product as described & arrived on time. The only complaint I have about this reconditioned phone is the camera app sometimes closes abruptedly and doesn't work. Other than that, everything is good on it.
Best phone you could ever ask for.. I love it.
EXCELLENT PHONE A LITTLE PRICEY FOR USED BUT GOOD
The phone is as good as described.. Loved the phone. Bought it about 8 months ago.. no complains yet..
I bought two. They both are trouble free. People seem to have problems with them if they're not using them for Verizon, though.
Great condition..
Works great!
Great phone for the price, just had to return it because my boyfriend had already bought a new phone.
I really love my note 3 I thought that maybe it was too good to be true but when It came I got it out and dam it was better than I thought no problems the only thing is that it says comes with original accessories but the truth is mine only came with everything but, the headphones which I'm not mad about but it also didn't come with the usb 3.0 charger it just came with a regular charger but that's alright it works just fine and updated to lollipop because it wouldn't let me update through the settings so I downloaded kies.
Worked very great in W Africa
Thank you!
Good phone.
as advertised
Was sending it to my country in Africa. .but works well so far.......
I love it
as described, excellent condition.
This was rated in very good condition, and upon getting it I completely agree. Is like a brand new phone. This phone has so many neat features. Very happy with it.
The phone works great and is in good condition. However, it does not come with original charger, but I already had one from my S5. Also, the stylus that came with my phone is the black one, but my phone is white. Other than that the phone works perfectly.
Very happy with my galaxy note 3.Inserted my sim cards in phone an had it up and running in no time.Goodbye for the money.
Great shipping. Great phone. Love it. No scratched not a blemish. Works great. Kudos! !!!
Good seller item as described and fast shipping thank you
excellent
I bought this phone for my daughter. It has functioned perfectly!
Often has problems. But seems to " heal" itself.
I ordered this note 3 it said unlock but when I put my Sim in, the phone said my Sim is not recognize I had no choice but to return it.but for a refurbish phone it was good but I need a unlock phone I give it a 4 star anyway
Awesome quality! Great buy. Super fast delivery.
Good
love the phone, had to order a new battery but for the price what another $8, only thing that sucks is the phone don't support tap-pay anymore so NFC is useless. but still one of the best phone on the market even 3 years later still gives others a run for there moneyafter a week had to buy a new battery and charger the one sent sucks and didn't last long
thanks
Arrived on time and in great condition. This phone is excellent. I like the big screen for reading and videos. I'm replacing my Galaxy S3. The android version is much advanced between the two. The battery life is outstanding once I shutdown all the power hogging functions. I'm using this on tmobile even though it is a verizon. I've had no problems with this. All services work as they do on any tmobile phone.
Great product just didn't know it would come already linked to Verizon. No big deal. Since I had planned to become Verizon customer.
I really love my note 3 and the purchase price was great. Delivery time was correct and I had no problem getting it set up for my straight talk account. Amazon great place to order what ever you need and quick delivery.
I have had phone for about 30 days now. It looks like a new phone and I have no problems.Screen size is perfect for typing and much betterThan my iPhone 5s. If you do any business this is the perfect phone for you. You can read screenClearly and sending emails are very simple.Phone is also not too large to fit in your pocket.
I love the phone. It's just what I wanted.
After struggling with a laggy HTC 612, I finally purchased this. It looks virtually new. I did learn something though, all SIM cards are not created equal. The SIM card I had from my HTC was a nano, the Note takes a micro, so I purchased an adapter for about $10 on Amazon. You can check out your current SIM size by googling SIM sizes.Looks great, can't wait to see how it works. It cooks on wifi.
Thank YOU for being exactly what it is without wondering will it work . . . LOVE THE NOTE 3
As Described, No complaints
Does Not Fully Work on the AT&T Network - the phone I received was originally from Verizon. It will work on AT&T (lookup how to create the APN), but you cannot use it as a hotspot because it will check the phones number against the verizon network to see if it's authorized to be a hotspot and fail. It also cannot send MMS messages, and has frequent issues with regular text messages. Since Verizon has locked the firmware there are no easy root methods available for the phone.The removal of one star is because the seller did not do a good job in disclosing the limitations of the phone (it's unlocked, but still has the Verizon firmware and all of the verizon hooks/apps in the system)I am happy to report that the seller BluTekUSA happily took the phone back, and I purchased a Galaxy Note 4 from them that was set up on the AT&T network, It has performed as expected and is a great phone.Other than that, the phone was in great condition, you couldn't tell it from new. It shipped 8 days after I ordered it and is a really nice phone.
Works -- granddaughter loves it
Alrighty the first note 3 I got( and had to return) did not work, at first it seemed perfect but then would no longer read the Sim card. The replacement I got works flawlessly, it looks brand new performs like brand new, on os 5.0 it had terrible battery life and didn't read my Sim card, 4.4.4 (which is the version the phone came back with) has no problems, btw the note 3 can use the regular charger cords for other Samsung devices, what I read said this phone has the USB 3.0 port right next to the charger port I guess the note 3 oem charger cable just charges faster.Lastly, I'm using straight talk through Verizon, hope this helps someone heh
I had second thoughts on a Refurbished product, but worked perfectly with no problems. Totally Recommended, just have in mind that the box is not the original box.
the phones works great. It was not set up right. Operator error. I am very pleased with phone. I plan on buying another one
I love this phone. So far it has been a good phone
The phone I received is great but it arrived with the wrong charger and cable.
Replaced my old note 3 for 200 instead of paying 200 for a screen repair. It came in 2 days in great condition and works great, they said it was refurbished but looks good as new.
Best phone I have ever bought. Hope it stays that way.
Samsung has a free app Smart Switch. Had everything transferred to new phone in 30 minutes. kept messages, email. had Two purchased programs I had to re download. No Sweat!
The Phone came in great condition and I love to use it. Thanks again.👍👍
I love my phones they are refurbished but they are also unlocked and very easy to use I am very pleased with my products 😀
It arrived in a generic box on the promised date in pristine condition. Really doesn't even look like it was ever used.
The phone came in great condition and works like a dream. The only complaints was the Sim card is not included and the charger wouldn't charge the phone like it needs to so I had to go purchase a new one. Other than that the phone works good and looked brand new.
awesome
I bought this as a refurbished model. Several of my friends and family have the same model, so I was familiar with the phone. Though it was refurbished, it looks like new. The changeover from my Galaxy S3 to this was seamless. It's been two days since is was on the charger and the battery is still at 50%. I love this phone. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N900V) - 32GB Verizon + GSM Smartphone - Black (Certified Refurbished)
Works great. No issues to report as off yet!!
nice
used very good
Nice phone. It is a Verizon phone. Other than that arrived as described.
This was super new
Works great!!! This phone is amazing. Thank you.
this good phone except back cover,back cover is not good,
It was everything I wanted!!! Thought it was Verizon but was Unlocked!!
Got it fast and activated it no problem. I got it for my 72 year young mom. She's learning pretty quick to use it.
Had no problem using this under metro PCS.
The phone is just like a brand new and I love everything about it. The back cover looks beautiful. The only draw back is that it has some Verizon applications that can not be unInstalled and Hotspot functionality doesn't work.
I bought this for my dad. He loves it, so I'm happy with this purchase.
Nice
Nice phone , bought it for my sis, and she like it.
I purchased the phone to use with straight talk and it was very simple to do. The phone itself is in great condition and works great.
Good phone, there wasn't nothing wrong and I'm happy with my buy. It dint come with users manual but then again I did buy it used, however it did come with a website link for the users manual, not bad.
Phone and battery was in really good shape but the charger and back casing could be better would have been 5 stars on another note phone works with TMOBILE 4G lte with the correct APN settings
I've had this for almost 8 months now, and it still works flawlessly.
Best phone I ever owned. I'm a new note fan and will always get a note when I need a new phone.
Love it. And my mom who I got it for loves it. It's her first smart phone. She love the battery life compared to her old flip phone
I ordered this phone because it was still running KitKat. It arrived in like-new condition and is currently in use. The only thing I hate is that the OTA update was forced pushing me to Lolipop.
Love this little box,best investment ever
Phone arrived in near perfect condition from blutek in Samsung box with Samsung brick and cord. After inserting my Tmobile sim card phone is working as expected. A notification did popped up stating "sim card to from Verizon" but I was able to disable it so it won't keep popping up. It may take some time for the phone to receive incoming calls. Mine started working within about 45 minutes after inserting Sim card. Some usere may have to update the APN settings which is what allows you to access mobile data and picture messaging. This can be done easily with a quick google search or contact your carrier to walk you through it.
Fast ship and exactly as described. Thank you.
Shipped from amazon, and appears to be the genuine article. Shipped in a sealed box with basic charger, battery, back cover, and info on how to download the manual. Switched to Tracfone BYOP plan without any problem!! So far so good!!
Purchased from BREED, and honestly the phone looks brand new, just a little scratch in the one of the corners but looks pretty new. Was extremely skeptical about purchasing it because I heard a lot of criticism about it still being locked to VERIZON. After reading a few comments indicated to change the APN, it worked! Works and looks like brand new.
I took this to Honduras as a gift. It worked in the GS<M network there and the recipient was delighted.
I was a little worried at first because when it started up it was just verizon everything!!! I thought oh no its not unlocked and this will never work. I had just spent a couple hundred dollars so I had to try. I put my sim card (for straight talk) in and called to activate it and to my relief and surprise it worked! It went fast and smooth! I have had it for a few weeks and I love this phone. It was brand new looking and runs great. you will have to force stop some of the verizon programs but I know nothing about phone and it only took me 2 min so should be no problem for most.
Exactly as described. Works awesome. Using it with Cricket wireless with no problems. My only negative is that they send you a charger, just not the charger that charges your phone fast.
30 days after our 2-year Verizon contract was up, I threw my old Note 3 about 8-feet into the air and it landed on concrete. Bad day. Didn't want to get into another 2-year contract and I loved the Note 3, so came looking for this unit.Looks and acts brand new! Moved the SIM and SD card from the old to the new and it started pulling my apps back down to the new device. It did take about 90 minutes to download and install all of the Android updates. Honestly, for all I know this device was never owned by anyone and was liquidated from some cell phone retailer who went out of business.Packaging was good, but not retail. The charger and cable are not USB 3.0 items that would come with a new Note 3, but they are serviceable. I still have what came with my original Note 3.There aren't any features on the Note 4 or Note 5 that made me want to invest in them and I like that all of my old accessories (extended battery, sound dock, spare pens) are still useful to me.No regrets!
Exactly what I wanted - met all expectations.
So far so good! Only had it a week and only two problems so far. 1: my kids think it is a tablet (lol) and 2: it doesn't have a note charger so it takes FOREVER to charge....
Great phone, as described, and fast shipping. I bought for my son and he absolutely loves it!!!
Shipped quickly and phone works very well so far.
The phone arrived as promised - even though listed as "refurbished", not a scratch on it, and everything seems to be functioning correctly so far .... Could have used just a tiny bit more "cleaning" of some program settings, but that was definitely not a deal breaker ........
Amazing, certified refurbished phone for verizon, I put my Sim card in and boom...everything transfered with no issues!!! The phone looks brand new no scratches or anything, will deff be ordering another phone from this person for my husband. Amazing and fast shipping!!!
It is good, I liked it.
exactly as described - much bigger display than my old phone - love the stylus and notepad so i can actually handwrite notes and things, battery life is average, brightness is great, lots of home screens and includes a great samsung app to help me keep track of my health (walking, sleep, caloric intake etc) LOVE IT
Great.
This is the best phone I have had so far. Not looking to up grade no time soon.
It does everything I expect it to.
Very nice and durable
Great product, great buy, GREAT seller
Nice big phone. Nice features.
as described - good seller
The device works as expected, I'm very satisfied and I look forward to purchasing more merchandise in the near future!
So far I love it. Haven't had it long enough to exclaim on it. Like it better than my former iPhone.
Great phone!
Ordered one of these a while back for my boyfriend when he smashed his phone. Ordered it again 2 days ago because he smashed his phone AGAIN.The phones work and look great. No complaints.
Plenty has been written about how awesome the Note 3 cellphone is, so I’m not going to waste time praising its specs/ features. Suffice to say it is exceptional. I have had the Note 3 since it was first released a few years back and have been very happy with it. I wanted a second one to replace my wife’s Galaxy S3 whose charging port recently stopped working, but where to go to buy another Note 3 without getting it from the cellular provider which would mean being obligated to another 2 year contact and an unwanted change to my cellphone plan? For me, going to Amazon was a no-brainer. The customer service and ease of doing business with Amazon has so far been excellent. That being said, I was still a bit reluctant to buy a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Certified Refurbished phone. Until recently, I didn't know much about Magic Mobile Partners, but the fact that Amazon was backing them up via the Amazon fulfillment policy definitely eased my mind about buying a phone from them, so I pulled the trigger and ordered it,The phone was delivered quickly and came thoughtfully packaged. Magic Mobile Partners didn’t disappoint. While the phone is described as a Certified Refurbished phone, the fact is that it came in pristine condition. Side note; had someone handed me the phone for the first time, I would have sworn it was brand new! The Note 3 came with all the required accessories associated with a cellphone purchase sans a user manual, but that’s no big deal because Magic Mobile Partners provided website information on where to get it if needed. I was able to get the phone activated with my cellular provider without a glitch. I am totally satisfied with my buying experience with both Magic Mobile Partners and Amazon. The next time I need to buy a cellphone, there will be no hesitation on where I’m going to get it.
Phone came in great condition.
Love the phone. Works great! Would give it 5 stars but didn't come with original box and no accessories as described
Bought it as a gift to send oversea. The person was very pleased with it.
Very good
I am enjoying my phone!!
My wife is not a techy...but she is loving this new phone. Each day, as she gets use to it, she loves it even more!
Nice sumsung galaxy note 3 service
Battery could be new, the one that came with the phone dies a bit quick. Other than that I love the phone, its in overall great shape
👍🏻
Awesome phone
Works and looks great
This is the second one I bought through Amazon. The phone looked brand new and works great! Just remember to make sure you order the one the corresponds with the mobile phone company you have ie. Verizon, ATT etc.
Exciting to find a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 "certified refurbished" available to use with my new phone carrier. It was a breeze to switch all my photos and information over from the last phone. This phone is big and I can actually read it without squinting. The photos, pictures, words, everything is crystal clear on this phone. I noticed that this phone charging port is different than most and had to give it a 4 stars because the cord that came with the phone didn't charge. The sender was kind enough to send another plug and it is charging great now. Thank you
very easy, product looks and feels new. Great warranty program too!
I love my new phone! It's great! Big screen, touchscreen is very responsive, "ok google" commands are also very handy. Love, love, love this new phone!
The product was in great condition. The only problem was that it was a Verizon phone which I did read and description but it was difficult for me to pair of the device to my T-Mobile account I did have to do some research and change some settings to make it work but I was getting dropped signals due to it being a Verizon phone and was not able to send pictures via text. But all in all the product was acceptable and in good condition and would have been great if I was a Verizon customer. I did have to send the phone back and I have found a T-Mobile version of the phone.
More than expected!
Very good
totally works fine! I don't know how to get rid of the spam splash screens (it pops up as verizon and there are all these junk applications) BUT it seems ot work perfectly fine with straight talk, so I do appreciate that. It's super easy to install, just follow the instructions and look forward to cell phone savings!!!!
working good.
Like new...no complaints
Everything is great but it didn't come with the right charger so it doesn't charge properly
Nice phone
Awesome
Great phone at a reasonable price! Very satisfied (still learning the features of course) but overall, very impressive!
What I expected!
Good
all good, I recommend
Best mobile phone I ever had with grand display and good battery.
ABSOLUTELY love my note 3. Thank you amazon.
I was happy with the quick delivery as I wanted to gift it to my wife. She liked the phone and is quite happy with it.
The seller delivered even before the expected time and helped me about my questions before delivery. Thank you for everything. I highly recommend.
A great phone. I replaced my Note II with this, and I absolutely love it. It's lighter, the display is much better and the back of the phone looks really good.
very good
I love this phone. I just think i should have chosen a phone a little smaller...like S4 ou S5. If you are looking for a big phone, this is the one!
Great phone. Fast,best screen out there. Sound is amazing for a phone. Some of the samsung apps and features do not work very well. I just dont use them. Some what of a battery hog, I purchased 4 charging cords and removed that issue. Samsung loads a ton of there apps on the phone that are just a waste of space.
Thanks, it was nice
Love my new phone.
good product, looks like new
Awesome phone !!
works great -- i put in a 128gig SDXC card -- be sure to format the card with the internal software on the note 3 - - NOT on your PC. It will make your camera malfunction and shut off when you take photos if you format the external mem card on a PC and put it in your Note 3 - - that was only problem - - it took me a whole day to figure that out. I have over 14,000 photo, 28 hours of music, 29 videos and all kinds of other stuff on the Note 3 and I still have 69 gig left on the SDXC -- -- and that is besides the 32 Gig Internal RAM that came with the phone. SAMSUNG is GREAT!!!
I have received two new phones samsung Galaxy Note 3 but there were no headphones inside.
It is my current smart phone, buy it 4 months ago and I'm still happy with it, the battery lasts all day, your screen is sharp and provides vivid colors in high definition, the s pen is helpful when you want to take notes or remalcar some note, your speaker is decent, so if criticism is to be said that it is a octa phone core and only work four cores nothing else but not affecting performance and fluidity of the phone, is a deceptive offer from samsung TouchWiz design is not to my taste is very ugly and outdated despite having android 4.4.2 still has the kit kat old and outdated design TouchWiz software that characterizes saumsung in conclusion I like my phone would not change until it is one that really is innovative touch
Great product
Good product and I am glad it worked and was unlocked in Egypt and worked fine with my Vodafone SIM
EXCELENTE
good.
Great phone, as expected. A good upgrade from the Galaxy S3
all was great
I like it, it's what I was expected. So far so good..
thank you
GREAT PRODUCT LOVED IT
Arrived in good condition & as expected.Performs well!I'm yet to try it in another country.Thanks!
Thanks a lot
just what i was looking for
No doubt about it, is the best phone in the market today.
Absolutely love this phone!
With normal usage (no games) the battery will go for 15 hours or so...With gaming usage the battery will run out in 4 to 6 hours depending on the game...You will need like 1 week to get used to the big screen size but once you get used to it all the other phones will look like toys in size and power.
I am really pleased with this case,comes with very good condition and looks as new, I like it very much
I cannot be more satisfied with this phone! It is extremely fast, I actually use most of the functions and S-Pen on a daily basis. If you want a good phone, there is not doubt that this one will meet and exceed all your expectations.
I have been using cell (mobile) phones for over 20 years now not a single cell phone has satisfied me as much as this one has done. Big screen but still at pocket order, excellent processor very fast, very beautiful colors and resolution, takes notes by hand writing, nice pictures with its camera, I used it in many countries outside USA with not a single problem, and after all it is Android from Samsung the best screen and phone maker in our world today.
Best phone I've ever had. Very fast. Since I had my phone I seen a lot of different versions of the note 3, but this one is the best so far!!!!
I am in LOVE with my phone. I don't ever think there will be another phone like this! For all who are contemplating on buying a Galaxy Note 3 don't, Just BUY IT. It will change your life.
This product was what i expected. It was delivered on time and packaging was well done. There is nothing negative to say. Good job and i would recommend it to others. 100% satisfaction.
Great price i have had it for 1 year an its like new!!! i love it!!
It's a nice product.
Enjoying the phone tremendously
Bought it for my friend and he loves it
Very nice phone, thanks
Phone works great and is compatible with Straight Talk. This is the best phone Iv'e had and is very durable.
Very nice phone. The only way to tell it's not new is by the scratches around the case. Which is no problem because it's hidden by a protector case I bought. I've only had it for less than a week but performance so far is very good. If that changes, I'll update my review. Until then, I'm absolutely pleased with my purchase.
Love it! Works great! Looks great...wasn't a scratch on it.
I love it...
I ordered a refurbished phone from 'Chubbiestech' seller. It was as good as a new phone. Its already been a month and its working flawlessly.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR WELL DONE JOB
Great transaction. Love my new Note3
i don't like the two color it should have been all black. other than that it is lovely.
Good
Beautiful phone! My wife loves it - it works well, very fast processor, and a great screen with vivid color. One issue we had: though the phone was unlocked - it worked fine on T-Mobile over WiFi (both Phone and Data), but when WiFi was not available, the Phone would work, but Data would not work. We had to visit a T-Mobile store to get the phone to link to the T-Mobile Data network over the cellular network. No big deal, but it was a small hassle.
l love it
Phone was a great buy
I love my new note 3! I was worried at first because the phone is used, but when it came (earlier than expected!) I couldn't tell it had been used besides a small scratch. But it's a great bargain!
Came more worn than expected.
Just received the phone today. Can't speak for it's durability. With that being said, the phone came in great condition. Not a single scratch on the screen. A few scratches on the metal bordering. Was clean and unlocked as advertised. It did come with aftermarket charger and charging cable. The charging cable was not the correct cable for the phone, but I had spares, so no worries. I am happy with the purchase so far. Everything was as advertised other than the cable goof up.
Perfect phone. Very good merchant to do business with.
Unless we are in a paradox where white is black and black is white I'm pretty sure I ordered a black phone but got a white one instead. I forgive you dude. oh best phone ever
Its a lovely phone, phablet whatever you want to call it. It could be premium build for its coast but there may be reason for that. Compare to the competition, it let them behind. the new release iPhone 5s don't even shake me. Small screen, the same design from last year. to be honest i don't see why people make them self a fool by getting crazy for it. The new Lg is a good phone but where is the battery removal, same for HT C one, with a 4.7 screen. THE SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3 is not perfect like any else but it balance size software and usability, that make it a hot cake phone for whom who really want some thing you can use for almost everything on the go.This phone has a outstanding battery life. I got the since Saturday, Oct 5 I charged just one as I am typing this Tuesday, October 8. it still 35%. I did lot on it.
The phone look very nice but have heavy wear on the top and bottom
It's an easy phone to use, but they're some features I'm still working on learning about, but I'm loving it. I hope it lasts a food while.
The ad says unlocked but the phone didn't come unlocked. Had to do it myself. I guess you get what you pay for. But the phone is in excellent shape. They would have gotten 5 stats if I got it unlocked.
Excellent phone
I love this phone. It's big enough to do what you want but not too big.
User of the phone likes it a lot.
The galaxy note book 3 is very good. It is for somebody & she loves it.
Excelent product delivered just in time.
This tablet replaced my iPad Mini 3G (first issue). It does a lot more, has better screen resolution, is faster and places phone calls because it works with a standard phone sim card, not a dedicated tablet one. Not looking back to any iPad for this matter.
The phone operates very lovely, my main issue with the phone is the battery power. I expected it to last longer. the phone speed is great and the apps seem to function very well. Even though I use headphone when I'm listening to music, anyone would expect a phone that size to be louder. The phone is compatible with all the apps I've been interested in on Google play store so far. I was not disappointed by the camera quality, and the features as it relates to the setting, (Sports, beauty face, etc) operates wonderfully. I have not examined every aspect the phone yet but so far I am comfortable with it and it has been very reliable. :)
Is an awesome Phone.
Love it!!!!!
Excelent
The phone arrived much sooner than expected and was in perfect condition. I had no problems getting it operational even though we have a small privately owned phone company. The phone is wonderful in its speed and the screen is as close to 3d as you can get without actually being 3d. I love it. Thank you amazon for offering such a product at such a great price.
If you want a large phone, this is it. The perfect cross between a tablet and a phone. For daily use on the go, there is nothing better on the market. However, I didn't give it all five stars because there are some occasional bugs that can cause freezes.
Excellent device.Only negative feature was the regional lock which took a while till we got the correct person at Samsung to get us the PIN to open it.
amazing phone, the screen is big enough to watch a movie and small enough to fit in your pocket (big pocket).switched from apple to samsung and i'm never going back.
GREAT. ALL RIGHT GOOD PHONE. THE BEST ON THE LINE NOTE 1, 2 , 3. OK CAMERA, OK ANDROID, OK CALLS AND IT IS A GOOD ELECTION FOR THE THE
This phone is awesome! The Note 3 puts my iPhone to shame. It is SUPER fast - I have never before had a phone that was this fast. The screen is crystal clear, it sounds great and it does soooooo many things! I've had it just about a week and I'm still discovering all the things this phone is capable of doing. I absolutely love it. I don't travel overseas so the regional locking is not an issue for me. It works fine here in the U.S. I love that I can use my sim card from Straight Talk (with service from AT&T towers) and receive unlimited everything for $45/month. What's not to love? This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time. If you're on the fence about this phone, GET IT! You won't be sorry.
I have read a lot of articles about the note 3 and kind of knew what it should like. I think this is a keeper and will enjoy it for a long time. Like I said a great phone.
I've had this phone for over 2 months now and it works great. Had to replace the battery because of very fast drain, but other than that it's works great and is a very good buy.
Everything I hoped for. Thanks!
When I ordered this phone I was worried that I would hate this phone. This phone is amazing. It works just fine and my apps function better than they have on previous phones I have owned. I absolutely would recommend this phone to anyone. I am even planning to get one for my fiancé.
Great phone.
Works great. Haven't had any problems. Just a few scratches on the bottom but everything is in tip top shape.
I had the this phone for about a few weeks and I can't stay off it I bought it for a gift for someone but I fell in love with it so I just bought them something else so I could keep this phone looks brand new and the seller was great with quick delivery and I'm going to get another friend wants one thanks A & Z tech Inc so far great.
Works perfect
I am very pleased with this phone. I sketch and doodle on the phone while I am talking to a person. It's like having a mini tablet.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 III is perfection. Small enough to be a phone and large enough to perform everyday tasks you would others wise do on a computer. Its processing speed is fast and offers a number of features that you will appreciate. I chose white but there are others colors to chose from.
This is the best phone I've purchased so far. The package arrived as described and when it was supposed to.
realy good phone. The last one in technology. I love it. also with the watch, is amazing. i love it
I love Samsung product, that's why I bought the note 3 so far it's everything I expected. I've been telling all my friends and family to get it.
I realy enjoy this phone we have more than expected. Will recommand this unit to all my friends.... Top notch
Excelente selection I had the s4 and I think I had a good choice selecting this note 3 and it's synchronizing very well with the Samsung gear
I got my black Note 3 N900 model from Wireless Everything (provided A+ service and fast free shipping). Previously had gotten the N9005 model from AT&T and it was a bad experiance...the phone was full of bloatware and AT&T through in the kitchen sink to slow it down to the point where it was almost unresponsive at times (glad i returned that sucker while i was still in my 14 day return period). So then I decided on getting the N900 model unlocked with less bloatware and let me tell you, its so much faster! Believe it or not, the N9005 Snapdragon 800 version does not respond as fast as this N900 Octacore version. I even noticed my unlocked N900 went through 3 series of updates while the N9005 from AT&T and T-mobile have no updates. I think the unlocked versions get updates sooner and guaranteed. While the operators slow/block/and limit updates. I remember a lot of lag with the carrier version of the N9005...touchwiz even crashed on me one time saying "Touchwiz has stopped working" and had to restart the phone. Battery life is also longer on this N900 version. I can live with out 4k video...1080p video and 13 megapixel stills that are as good as some point and shoot cameras will do just fine. Lastly, while its true that the N900 model does not have LTE, 3G speeds and HSPA+ are sufficient any Youtube, Pandora etc. You can't even get the LTE version that works in the U.S. unlocked on Amazon (only the carriers have those)...the other LTE version on Amazon will only work on LTE frequencies in Europe, which are different from those in the U.S. of A. So in short, if you want a good clean unlocked Note 3 that will work in the U.S. without any "Regional SIM lock" issues, get the N900 version. I popped in my Lycamobile SIM card in and it worked right away...$29 Unlimited Talk, Text, and Data with Lycamobile.com (no contracts and transfer your number too).
This phone is actually what I was expecting, big HD screen, fast processor and great camera (though is a little bit slow, but has great resolution).If you want it to play some games, like PVZ or Dead Trigger, phone usually heats up, I've heard some rumors on people using iPhone, that when the phone overheats the wifi starts to connect/disconnect and suddenly doesn't connect anymore, so I suggest try not to overheat this phone (or buy a tablet :-P ), I'm not saying it will have the same issue than iPhone, but you can consider the fact.
Best phone ever
This device is excellent.But the ear piece did not work as expected.
wonderful product..would buy it again
Is a Good product...Thank you
i am really relishing this phone, it receives calls with foreign SIM card inserted into it and you can hardly tell the difference between it and a brand new one except for lack of original accessories and the display of Verizon at initialization. So far, so pleasant
excelent
Great phone ! wonderful customer service!
Love it. Would recommend
The phone was practically brand bew. It came with headphones too. I loved it and I'm very happy with the product.
Great item im in love with this Phone works perfectly in México (telcel) thank you ultimate electronics
I am very happy with the phone everything works as it should i get 4glte through straight talk no problems at all very fast love the phone
I am very happy with the phone
Great phone with all bells and whistle
They were helpful, honest and great on information, timing and expectations.
Good choice, large screen, easy to use.
Wonderful, delivered on time, Just like new as written, comes with the original box and all accessories, unlocked and works with our local SIM card fine.
While it's unlocked, ours came loaded with AT&T bloatware which you can't get rid of without rooting it. Eventually I might do that but only after being sure I won't kill it. It's a very sharp phone though and for the price, in comparison to an iPhone 6+, it's worth any hassle you have with it.
After a year, my wife love it and just don't want to update, she used the note first gen for 2 years and was very happy, but unfortunely after the android updates it became slower, so this is a att and as unlocked we are using on Mexico's companies so is on android kk 4.2 so still working smoother and never will update (as we are out of att can'T be forced to update), camera is great, and when you record a video on a louder concert, you'l get a really clear sound and high quality (not as lg g4 that still is a crap),
I love this phone
Product was as described. Very pleased with purchase. I waited a little while before posted a review to see if there were any mechanical issues which there hasn't been thus far. Thank you very much
I have both the Apple IPhone 5 and the Note3, the Samsung has some great features and not so big as most people think, it is a perfect size for me to use daily fitting comfortably in my clothes without bulging or poking out.
though I didn't try a sim card yet, but works perfectly with apps and wifi and other featurestotally satisfied with this device .love it allwould recommend it to friends ^_^
Had the Note 2 and this one it's thinner, works awesomely faster and better cam in btw. Works on Costa Rica with ICE as carrier
Good picture quality, simple setup. Exactly what I expected and what I got. Deivery was flawless and phone arrived promptly.
i have just bought my phone.i don't need another phone any more..it ability is graet and very comportable.
Great buy..fast delivery I'm happy..this phone is great I can do every thing with it..I hardly use my laptop. Thumbs up
Great phone so far gotta let it sink in and what not. I bought this phone because I cracked my other one very badly for the first time and warranty or not I'd be around the same price. This phone all though it may look like it has tiny bite marks of some sort at the upper left corner metal ring is a good working unlocked phone. My service is T-mobile so I'll just have to get used to the AT&T start up. Another thing is I rarely leave rattings for things I buy and bought this phone in the used section category so it was cheaper.
Best one in the note series
I was very happy with my Note 2. Then I dropped it on a tile floor and the faceplate cracked. Do to unrelated circumstances, I believed that it was not working correctly anymore, so I went to Amazon for a replacement. I found this refurbished Note 3 for the same price as a Note 2. The seller was Cellular Gallery, who had extremely high ratings and no negative reviews for this phone. (Pay attention: not all sellers are as reliable). Phone arrived: looked new in complete retail packaging and works like a charm. It is brighter and clearer than my note two and the OS and apps work better. The speaker-phone sound and microphone noise-rejection are the best of any phone I have been around, and I appreciate the 32GB storage/memory. I bought a Tech Armor glass face-cover and an Otterbox Commuter case and MPJ spare batteries and charger. So I hope to keep this one safe.Note: I really like the removable battery. Charging the battery away from the phone and carrying a spare is much better than having to charge the phone (if the phone charger goes on the fritz you don't have to scrap the phone)
Fast shipping and item was excellent
Love it of course minor scratches bit over all it good
The phone is ok but lack earpiece
Awesome phone. Screen is in perfect condition. Item is exactly what is posted. Very happy..I would recommend the seller again.
Good cell phone. The only problem is that the letters of Samsung's logo have been fall from leather case, see the picture.
Amazing phone, works everywhere! I was scared about the international unlock but its a lie.... im using it in south america now. With a local sim card
Excellent, it came fast, My only problem was that this phone is more for europe than south america, all the adapters are for euro-zone. The phone itself is brand new and works awesome.
Worked fine so far. No had any with unlocking troubles as I use it outside the US. Freezes occasionally though.
I also bought this for a friend. I didn't do much with it because it was going overseas. They say it is the best on the market right now. To me as a guy, it is a little to big.
Or big screen mobile phone use, the video is a much better than with a small screen mobile phone. nice
The phone is exactly what I was looking for. Great battery life...light weight....cool apps.....Awesome experience. I would recommend this phone to everyone...
Good.
This has become my wife's favorite phone of all time. She told me she wanted a smaller phone but I got her this as a gift anyway knowing she uses Skype all the time (also hoping she would make me get her another one and I could take this one but she kept it loves it). I got her the watch as well so she wouldn't have issues with the size but she rarely uses the watch.
awesome phone/tablet/camera/PDA/etc... a few nicks around the phone but totally worth the price. it was an affordable gift idea and quite a welcomed surprise. you made two people very happy. you are an awesome merchant. thank you VERY much.
phone it's self was really good looking like new, but i dont like endroid as iphones
The phone is nice, it arrived vey fast and it was unlocked. Did not give it 5 stars because of all the At&the bloat ware.
It arrived in perfect condition.
Nice phone just have issues with the touch screen sending out texts while in my pocket
Absolutely good.
Exactly is advertised. came before the date on the website. Thanks
Great product. Great price. Thank you!
it's perfect and original dives I love it.Thank for amazon and NGP STORE USA.
Good
bueno
Best phone ever
This phone works amazing. I broke my old note 3 and I loved it so much that I needed another one. This was an original Samsung phone. I've had it for a month and a half with 0 issues
My sister loves her new phone!
awesome phone
i love this phone..
Love the built in pointer,have old age and big fingers font like due letters and symbles.
Excellent
It works great
excellent i loved
Itvwas good phone
Very happy with my purchase. Was a little sceptical about ordering a phone online now I'm happy.Haven't gone deep down to know what or the con's and the do's. But loving my purchase.
Excellent and timely service
Upgraded from my note 2 and I love it. It still lags just a little at times even on kit kat but it was worth it. Bigger n Brighter screen note 3 a De boss. Highly recommend! Get it now. The spen feels 10x better seriously! Mine is sm-n900 and even though it says jellybean in description when I got it it was kit kat.
Excelente!
Thank you it's very nice phone I love it
I love the phone
This device is more than perfect. The seller sent it to me on time.
Looks and works brand new!! loving this baby, popped in my sim card, shut down the old iphone, and boom i was in business. Thank you thank you!!!
good product good price
EXCELENTE
Love our phones and haven't had a problem with them. Its a pricey purchase, but we're away form the high cell phone bills with inexpensive pay-as-you-go plan that uses the AT&T network, so we're not tied to the high cost of the major providers like Verizon and AT&T. We spent the bucks for good Otter cases to protect them from damage, so we should have our phones for a good number o years without having to (or feeling like we must) get new ones.
i love it the best decision i ever made instead of buying a s5 i bought this for the size charging time is fatser in this is also uses the usb3.0 charger which is cstill compatible with the usb2.0 and seems to charge faster than usb2.0..oh yeah phones is unlocked so i was able to use my tmobile sim
Perfect
Very good
Great phone
It's mint like it says in the description
Excellent
It's new as said in the offer.even if I was not informed that it was from at&t.
Nice
Great phone
Nice
great
Its great to use ......
An awesome phone.
My son loved this phone very happy
very fast and item was original. it meets my demand and been perfect since i starting using it. hope it will continue being good.
love it
I love my phone thanjs
Awesome phone
Perfecto!
Great phone
I have. been using this phone for the past three weeks. So far nothing alarming everything working fine.
Am quite please with my purchase I hereby recommend this product
great phone low price only issue i cant use the wifi tethering due to att lock will be calling to see if can be fixed will update.
Very good and can be use at everywhere
The phone looks awesome and nicer than the add. I though it was bigger but is easy to handle and the back has a leather touch cover that makes it fancy!The only thing I really concern about is why the package arrive open without the cover that comes with all new products. I bought another Samsung phone with this order and the other comes with the proper hermetic plastic that wrap new products. I'm thinking about it because it is for a gift and I want it looks really new & unused!
Phone works great I live in Belize Central America, I just put in SIM and it works just fine. No regional.
The device is of high quality. However, I'm disappointed because I paid for a 32 GB version and received a 16 GB version.
NOTE 3 PERFECT GOOD FOR MAN, THE BATTERY 3200MA LAST LONG TIME. THE 3G MEMORY MAKE CELL RUN SO FAST.
Been a Note 2 user for a long time. When the Note 3 was announced, there were rumors that the phones were programmed for specific regions. Meaning, SIM cards for that region worked on the units built for that region. I thought that was a dumb move from Samsung if they did that.I got my unit from Amazon and have it shipped here in Manila, Philippines. Stuck my local Telco sim card and it works. Migration from the Note 2 to the Note 3 was a breeze. It was done in a matter of less than an hour. Only issue was migrating from the old S Note to the new S Note. Other than that, am happy with this unit. Power consumption seems to be better than the Note 2. But I got the Zerolemon battery and case as I know the stock batteries won't last a day without a recharge.
I have searched to purchased a big size of screen for phone and Internet function. After purchasing this one, I use it all time and use the computer less and less. The price is good and delivery time is good too.
ok
I like Samsung Galaxy Note 3 lll N900 Factory Unlocked International Version WHITE Color 32GB. It worth to get one.
Good phone.
excellent
Great
Good choice.
Great phone
The photo editing is not as good as the iPhone but the graphics is very good. I am satisfied with the phone and recommends the purchase
I have been using a Samsung Galaxy Note III for 2 years and has bee very happy about it. I bought this one for my parents to upgrade their cell phone. It has met my expectations so far. but I will wait to see whether it works well in China when my parents bring it there for a few months as they will have to use a SIM card.
Satisfactory
Only reason I'm giving it 4stars cause. I didn't know it was at@t .I have T-Mobile. But besides that so far so good. The phone was in very good condition. I love. Hope I don't have any problems. But as of now it's doing Great
Product came and was just as advertised. In good shape, works perfect, and hasnt given me any problems so far.
I love it. Very professional seller
Works great. Able to use unlimited prepaid AT&T service through Straight Talk. Has an exceptional camera, large crystal clear screen, and a stylus that works well.
Great condition, as expected.
The phone was exactly how it was described. Love it!!!
still learning how to operate this one
I'm using this with T-Mobile 4G LTE and it is very fast and doesn't slow down. Fast is the best way to describe this phone. I've upgraded from an iPHONE 4 and I have to say i'm impressed with the Note 3 and it's many features. It can run so many apps at once and makes sharing my interests very easy and obviously very FAST.
I love this phone!! I thought it was gonna be used and beat up but it came brand new still with the plastic covers all around it! It shipped fast.
The seller responded promptly to my questions and comments.I've had no other issues with this phone and my seller's price was better than anyone else in the Amazon.com.It was a good buy and I still don't have any issues with this, it's been about 3months now.Love the phone~
Just like I wanted and expected it, clean new, great. Only hate how the back is plastic not leather, you need to get the black one for leather.
Yes is perfect i recomend to anibody the battery has good time to use with videos and the price is goog
Let me start by saying that I absolutely love this device. I was scared at first with the reviews that I have read online about the device being region locked, but when I got the device I was able to set it up without any hassle. The features are just amazing-- there is little to no lag on this device. A few people would be put off by the size, but I don't find it to be a problem... I went from a Blackberry z10 to this and when I hold my Blackberry again it feels so weird in my hands because I am already accustomed to this device. The seller shipped the item on time and I am really pleased with it. Would recommend this device to anyone. It's just amazing!!!
This phone is the best on the market. It's a true jump in technology. Amazingly light and fast with insane battery life. The screen looks looks amazing.
This smart phone is faster than a rocket and also it is user friendly. It is worth the price. Maxvins.
I got it for a friend for Christmas and it was there right on time before Christmas and she just love it !
I am still learning all that it will do. It is an amazing piece of equipment. And large enough for me to text with my fat fingers.It is as stated in the on line ad and I really like it. It meets and/or beats my expectations. The delivery was exactly as promised. Couldn't be happier.I bought it without a plan and converted it to Straight Talk with a $45.00 monthly payment for true unlimited usage.
This phone is incredible as it suits my lifestyle ver well. Great battery life, super not taking ability, etc. Upgrade!
very perfect n excellent buykeep up the good job..working perfectly.and in great condition. will buy more some day
I shipped this to India and it worked just perfect. I have purchased unlocked phones from this seller before and had no issues at all.
Just delivered in time. Works fine. The only problem is they sended a europian type adaptor but thats ok they sended a converter too thank you Amazon
Excellent works as advertise
excelent product. Unsurpassable
I love my Samsung Galaxy Note 3. I have had it for 10 months, and still find new things it can do. It work very well with my cell provider. I also use it for my online school classes, surfing the web, shopping online, playing games, reading books, and everything else that you can do with a phone is possible with my Samsung Galaxy Note 3. I received my phone in a Tan color beautiful box with all the information to use my phone. If you don't want to look through the information you can charge your phone and follow the instruction on screen. I love this phone. It also comes with free app. that you can help you with the full use of your phone. I switch from a blackberry to this phone and I have NO REGRETS. I'm looking in the getting another Samsung possible a mega and giving this one to my son. He also loves Samsung products.
I love it so far. nice screen works with my straight talk in the usa. Husband liked mine so much he is getting one soon. So far nothing has gone wrong or froze. Will update after i have the phone for a while.
Best cell phone I have ever had.
The device is working fine with Indian AirTel Sims. The new brand device. But no head set is given with the device.
Looooove this phone! It was like new! And the phone came sooner than expected! So happy I bought it 😃
i love this phone, the best phone ever
Good price
fantastic phone. i have no issues whatsoever after a month's usage
Smart purchase .. Timely delivery
Bought this a few weeks ago! Came in excellent condition, works great and even got a few extras with it! (charging case and a Belkin case) I would recommend this seller because they are trustable and the sender definitely know how to pack a package and send it on time! Love the phone! Have not had any major issues yet! Thank you so much!
Excelente producto
The samsung galaxy note 3 is one of the best smart phone I ever used. Everything is just great.I'll give it 5 Rating at this point
I upgraded from the original Samsung Galaxy Note to the Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N900) 3 weeks ago. The first thing that I noticed was the significant improvement in battery life. With moderate use, I can easily use the phone all day before needing to charge it. The UI is very responsive (my phone arrive with KitKat already installed). I bought the unlocked version, and have had no problems using it on the T-Mobile network, and have enjoyed 4G speeds everywhere around my house and my work. The reception has been very good and has not dropped any calls or caused other problems. The camera and IR blaster work well. I planning to install an external SD card, but could not find the slot. This phone does have an external SD card slot -- it is stacked on top of the SIM card slot, so it is easy to miss. Overall, I have been very happy with the phone and would buy it again.
Good
I loved this phone and I'm so glad I got another one.
Wonderful phone, came before the arrival date.
Really good product. Love it.
loving it
Good!
It arrived in great shape and I've enjoyed using it for quite a long time. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because even though it came ready for me to use it with my phone carrier, it still had AT&T software on it which has caused problems that are very irksome.
To be honest I bought 2 in this phone an dey said refurbished but really this phone come like new fresh fresh fresh an it running like new very good phone
Yes, It's really good mobile phone with fully functional and new condition.
I am an artist that is old-ish...64...;>》and have primarily painted on canvas with oil paint but I really am getting off making beautifully artistic creations using my stylus in the different apps available for it...I also like the ease of writing out my texts using the stylus and having the phone transform it into type before sending them..AND ..this is my first Android phone..there are some things that only an iPhone does but I am not missing it all that much.I love that you can get the apps on Google play and they cost little or nothing..unlike apple..and another important thing for me is the camera it takes beautifully crisp photos and there are plenty of great apps to edit the photos...Iiiiii like it....l love it!I bought the phone refurbished from Amazon and I've had it for at least 6 months and it's worked perfectly And would definitely recommend it to anyone.
Excellent product. I need two more of the same product.
Works great.
Love this phone it is wonderful.
Best phone ever and exactly what was advertised. Gsm uk edition. Works perfectly in both the US and Mexico. Might buy another for the wife. Lol
BEAUTIFUL PRODUCT AND EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE PERFECT PHONE. I LOVE IT SO MUCH. IT ARRIVED AT TIME N ECXELENT CONDITION LIKE NEW AS EXPECTED. WORKING VERY WELL IN VENEZUELA MY COUNTRY
I used 4 star rating because from the beginning it used to freeze quite a bit, maybe 4 times a week and I had to pull out the battery.I think after several firmware upgrades that has ceased to be.But still it freezes with some apps.Also in general Samsung sucks because when my Note 2 stopped working after 9 months even though manufacturer's warranty is at least a year nobody wanted to help. It was international model so it had 2 years of warranty but they were tossing me from Samsung US to Samsung UK and even to freaking India. Nobody upheld the warranty. So be careful with Samsung. I stupidly bought their next Note. It is not the best phone anymore. Just the most expensive.
I had the galaxy note 2 for a while, and i drop itSince I had a great experience, i choose note 3 over iphone 5sIt has better response than note 2, and the screen is more vibrantPlease note that unlock phone usually is not intended to be sold to United StatesMost likely the plug you get will not fit the power plug socket here. You need to buy a power plugHowever, the USB cable is universal.
Note III is definitely a great phone, no doubts about it...it runs on android 4.4 kitkat...it is a very smooth and fast phone...
There is no problem with this item and I love so much it fits perfect and it looks very good
Needs better instructions, Also, the store giving connections (att) was not ready to help. But keep it is and all will be well
It's fast, amazing screen resolution, one of the best cameras in the market, Android OS with Samsung UI get along really well, and the S-Pen interacction with the phone is really good, you can't go wrong with this phone, i highly recommend it.
It just as advertise. The package came in very short time. I wanted to take to India and gift it to my friend, so worried if it will work there or not. But it worked without any problem.
Excelent seller .Very good phone.
Too good for a phone. Bought it for my dad and he's loving it.
Working with Israeli sim card no problem. Shipping was blazing fast.
great phone !!! does everything i need it to and tonnes more.It feels a bit big in the hand at first (not heavy just big) but with time one can adjust.plus there are options for single handed use.product came on time and was brand new and unlocked version as stated.
This phone is perfect!! We are in Italy and use Vodaphone/Vodafone and it works great. When we first turned it on, the language was in Spanish but it was easy to change.
i really love my note3 phone very convienent i love the large prints you can never missed your numbers .
Very good phone. it's the standard size for phones now, well done SAMSUNG.
I need to contact this seller as soon as possible is very important ,
excellent
hello, this came to me as I expected perfect recommend this item and this shop. will apologize for my English is not good
exelent
good one!
I Have Nothing Bad To Say.... Phone Is MINT!
love the phone...just takes so long for the battery to charge it gets frustrating..but I have come to realize it depends on what you are charging into. What is funny is on Samsung products they sometimes do not charge if plugged only into an ordinary USB port but need to be plugged into the Samsung holder that plugs both into the usb and the wall...really weird
Is perfecto. No problems
Nice
lovely
Excelente
Recommended seller. I loved my smart phone. Thanks.
good idea great investment thank you!
Great
excellent
Love it.
Love it!!!!! It works and looks like new. The only problem I have with it is The battery life on it is terrible but other then that its great
I need the bar clad for this phone
Good phone for the value.You're able to run your entire life from one device.
First off, it's important to note that I migrated from an iPhone 5, I have been an iPhone user for 3 years (had the 4, 4S and 5) and a mac user for 5 years, I also have an iPad, therefore it's safe to assume that I have heavily invested in Apple's ecosystem. In ways I do miss my iPhone (I still have it, haven't let it go just yet), but in other ways I don't. More on that later.REGIONAL LOCK:But before I talk about my post-iOS experience, I'd like to make one thing clear about the regional lock. I have researched this issue extensively before buying my Note 3 as I travel around a lot and need to use different SIM cards, so I directly contacted different sellers on amazon to make sure the phone is truly unlocked, and i ended up buying it from "Mercate Group" after confirming with them that the phone doesn't have a regional lock. I tried a US AT&T sim card and an Egyptian sim card and they're both working fine. I always prefer to buy from sellers that are fulfilled by Amazon (if the product isn't offered by amazon themselves), because if there are any issues, you're just one amazon CS phone call away from solving the problem. Amazon have an exceptional customer service. So conclusion: most phones come with a regional lock now but apparently Samsung realized that it will backfire on their behinds. Solution: contact the seller before you buy the phone.WHY I MIGRATED FROM iPHONE, WHAT I MISS, WHAT I DON'T:Well, as I mentioned earlier, I've heavily invested in Apple's ecosystem and I have to admit that their ecosystem is simply amazing, the seamless integration between your mac, iPad and iPhone, iCloud, restoring backups is an easy process, etc.. Then I really started getting bored of iOS and its lack of customizability, also the iPhone's small screen, especially when I first saw the Note 3 and put my iPhone next to it; the note basically dwarfed the iPhone. I do a lot of reading on my phone and the bigger screen does all the difference. Now you're thinking "but what about one-handed operation?", well I have fairly big hands so it doesn't bother me as much, I can still text while driving (let's face it, we all do it) and samsung has an item in their settings called "one handed operation" just for that. But if you're a person with small hands and plan on using it one handed, that will be impossible.WHAT I MISS IN MY iPHONE-iMessage, FaceTime, iCloud and most of all: iTunes.I didn't truly appreciate iTunes until I had to use Samsung Kies (Samsung's equivalent for iTunes). Think of the Kies as a punishment rather than a software solution. It's Samsung's way of punishing you for all the sins they assume you've done. It's painful to use and it's the biggest reason why I miss my iPhone. I have all my music on iTunes and it's such a shame that I have to use drag and drop to transfer music to my Note 3 like it's 2002 or something.-Music and photo viewing: iOS' music interface is like no other, it's the best in the business and no one will ever take away that from them. End of. iOS 7 has a great timeline when it comes to the gallery too.WHAT I DON'T MISS IN MY IPHONE-The screen: albeit slightly oversaturated, the Note 3's screen is simply unparalleled, I can do a lot of reading and not feel eye strain-The battery: the note 3's battery is slightly better (it's a bigger battery but it's an octa core phone with a mammoth screen)-The lack of customizability: this is android's strongest point and there are endless widgets and ways in which you can make the phone suit your needs-Restricted sharing: let's say you wanna send a photo using whatsapp; in iOS, you need to do it through whatsapp whereas in android you can do it directly from gallery. Yes, in iOS you can share a photo directly from gallery but only by mail or iMessage or AirDrop aka the ways Apple WANT you to use, because they want to trap you in their ecosystem.I will not go into details when it comes to the note 3 itself, many other reviews covered that extensively. But in all, the phone is smooth, has a beautiful screen, camera is good although the iPhone's camera is faster, S-pen is useful but you won't use it as much as you think. Has nice features you probably won't need (air gestures, smart scroll, etc..) they're nice to have but meh.I've only had the phone for 2 weeks so I'm still yet to decide if I'll completely let go of my iPhone or not.
So far i really like this phone. About the sim card i just went to my int provider and they gave me a tiny sim that could get inside. It is really fast and also the flash of the camera is good. It is pretty big, but i like that. Tottally recommended.
This is my 3rd Note. I have the Note 1 phone and the 10.1 3g tablet. A Note is a Note and Samsung rocks. You all know that so I won't bore you with any technical details.I've read a lot of comments about the regional lock problems that many customers have been having with this phone and when mine would not work I just assumed that that was my problem. After telling off everyone I could get a hold of at Samsung, I contacted Wireless Everything and some kind and patient employee tried to walk me through many problem solving steps. None of those worked so he (?) suggested that I try the sim in another phone. The sim did not work in my colleague's S4 but his sim worked in mine without a problem.I went back to my carrier to change the micro-sim and they advised that they would give me a regular sized sim and cut it to fit the slot. According to them, that works better for some phones rather than a micro sim. I am very pleased to say that everything is working as expected.
As with most international phones, language conversion can produce a slight hiccup in some aspects of text and voice. Nearly all modes can function in US English by simply going into language settings and selecting the appropriate language. My phone appears to have been designed for the French market. Its language function has been changed to US English with the exception of the drive mode which still produces text and voice announcements in French. I downloaded the higher quality US language file from Samsung, but the drive mode still produces French chatter. A scouring of You Tube for solutions was no help. I have contacted Mega Mobile (the phone distributer) to find out if they have a solution. However, the phone is beautiful and is heads and shoulders above my previous phone. If the drive mode language is hardwired into the phone, maybe that will spur me to learn a new language.
Awesome smart phone!!It's my first smart phone and I'm so satisfied.I love this kinds of big screen.Wifi and GPS also are good!!
I love the Samsung Note 3! I bought it unlocked so I have the freedom to choose a network. If one network starts to get a pain on the side to say it lightly, I can drop them in one second with no hesitation at all! All my orders arrived on the same day ---the phone and case. They had the best price too! Amazon.com is my new favorite go-to online store now.
because this cell phone is too much good is featuare in thats why i like this cell phone.my brothers & friends alos like it
Phones is just as advertised. Taking of one star for shipping
I love the phone....
As far as I can tell, this phone is NEW! I purchased it from Amazon Warehouse on Prime Day (15% off), it was marked used on the box, but truly in excellent condition. Not a single scratch or ding on it. Furthermore, this is listed as an AT&T phone, but I have T-Mobile prepaid plan and I simply took my Sim card out, popped it in this, and it worked like a charm! $300 phone @ $30 a month unlimited text and data. Can't beat it!
Excellent condition and a decent price. Shipping was longer than it said, though. But all in all, great product.
Love it..... I was fond of the Galaxy "S" series of phones till I bought this. Can't go back now. Awesome camera, RAM & ROM space, screen size, etc. Looooove it!
good as I expected
I love this phone and the seller was awesome, fast shipping and item just as described. Answered all my questions and all I had to do was transfer my SIM card into the new phone and it worked like a charm. Thank you for the upgrade.
Awesome! !!
Phone came in, everything was included I am very happy with the purchase it was also clean unopened it was a great purchase.
It's working full, nice and no problem.
Best phone ever
Great Product, highly recommended seller, many thanks
happy
Excelent
I really enjoy it but very soon i will like to get more advance one than this recent one that i just bought
excelente producto!
nice phone thanks to amazon
should come with a battery that doesn't drain after 1 day much less overnight
Very good
best deal
Really like this phone. Much improved over past models. Now hoping for next generation.
Phone works great in Trinidad, my sister in law loved it.. great buy
works great. Gifted to my mother in Jordan.
Awesome I like it
Super awesome phone! Get it now!!
Great
Friends in West Africa love it!!
Excelent
Exellent
Honestly a great phone if you want to be unlocked for any service.
My mate in Europe didn't have any issue using this phone on the networks there. The next test will be when he moves to the states with it. Wish us good luck.
This phone is super hype. Im totally in love with it and cant put it down. It surpassed all my expectations and then some,real awesome phone
Beautiful, huge screen. All the apps you need now. Lots of cool features but you may have to go on YouTube and watch videos to learn them all.
Where is a set of instructions for us 'older users' - you know those who did not grow up with txt messages. Love it, but wish there was a set of instructions (in larger print) for those like me.
very good excelent productSamsung Galaxy Note 3 III N900 32gb Black Factory Unlocked Android Cell...Samsung Galaxy Note 3 III N900 32gb Black Factory Unlocked Android Cell...
It works perfectly in Ecuador and USA. Is a perfect phone and tablet. Additionally the note capabilities with the pen are amazing.
WOW. AMAZING. This phone is simply the best the world has created so far. Extremely fast, brilliant display, and I SIMPLY CAN'T STOP LOVING the pictures it takes. People are blown away when I show them my pictures I take with Galaxy Note3, they can't believe it's not a DSLR. This is the best phone I ever owned!
Wonderful phone because it is a hybrid between a phone and a small tablet. All essential items were included as advertised.
Great product.
Its antes excelent cellphone!
It was very nice thank you
Have been using for a long time. Nice phone.
I am pleased so far with my device although my picture messaging feature is still not working
I love this phone.
I LOVE THIS ITEM. ALL I HAVE O DO NOW IS LEARN HOW TO USE IT!!
Great phone - Samsung Rocks!
good
Really nice screen size. Be careful of excessive battery consumption.
Good phone
Great product, but should have known about the damages the phone has before I bought it.
I still have it very good
Good
I have had this phone for 2 weeks now and so far is amazing. I just put my sim chip and worked perfectly. I live in Costa Rica btw.
Very Good Phone, Powerful but I still don Get it, why without LTE conection?. Resume. Good One by Samsung Recomended
This phone did exceed my expectations. I was afraid it may be over sized or bulky in my hands, but you can easily fit it in your pocket and sit comfy. It does have a a LOAD of apps and goodies with truly lightning speed. I live in Egypt and thought I may encounter network provider issues when I receive it, gladly none of that happened.
I am happy for buying this item.it was good price and good quality.i do not know what i should write more.
Very happy with the purchase - fast shipping and easy to set up. Plugged in my AT&T Sim card from my old phone and I was up and running in no time.
This phone is absolutely amazing, but I warn that it is almost too big to be a phone and too small to be a tablet. It will take a little bit of getting used to at first, but soon you will look at all other phones as ridiculously small.
I'm on AT&T and am not an international traveler. I mainly bought this Note 3 variant for its rare chipset (the Exynos 5 Octa), and I'm aware that it doesn't support 4G LTE.If you're in the same boat, I can give this phone the thumbs up. Setup was easy (insert SIM card and turn on), and I measured my data connection to be ~7Mbps (800-900 KB/s). Basically, no headaches or surprises.However, consider saying no when the phone asks you to accept a firmware upgrade. I learned the hard way that Android 4.4 KitKat puts severe restrictions on writing to the microSD card, crippling any file browser, file editor, etc. That's an Android-wide "feature", though, not a Note 3 bug.
this phone is great but the frame chipped a little
Thank you.
Used but it's almost like new..It's also unlocked and I haven't experienced any problems with the item.
Excellent phone.I love it.
Really fast and reliable experience. Will do business again
Superb phone, great camera, tons of memory with absolutely no issues.As an international phone it switches GSM systems seamlessly.
I have bought this phone a year ago, and it still is the best phone around.Love it!
Excellent device. Blazing fast.
Fast it took one day for me to receive my phone it in perfect condition and works great literally the best deal my phone only has a small dent in the corner but this phone is great💙💙💙
One of the best things I have ever bought for myself. I love it and I can see the screen. (so can anyone else near you) I don't know why I waited so long. I just used the SIM card from my Galaxy and updated the carrier to Straight Talk. I get 4G in rural Southwest Virginia. Great phone.
I love this phone. I'm dissapointed that I was guaranteed delivery and it was a day late and all I got was excuses and my shipping back. I missed a day of work waiting which is far more than 16 dollars.The phone itself is great. Big bright display, the s pen I don't use very much but when I do need it, it really comes in handy. And the 3.0 USB charger makes such a big difference. The phones build is TOUGH. I haven't gotten a case. Just a skin. And I've dropped this phone. I had a tempered glass too which saved my screen. But the screen protector itself shattered. The plastic on the side just to let you know is EXTREMELY SOFT!!! if you drop it on its side it will make very ugly nics.I'm having issues with lag though. But I'm used to my 6 plus so I guess I can't complain. The Camera isn't OIS which almost made me go back to my 6 plus because I love taking pictures. The speaker on the bottom is terrible and even with headphones or aux cord it's not good. Basically I would say save for the note 4 if possible. Also the battery life, if you're a heavy user and I mean heavy, I get about 5 hrs OST if I'm lucky. Buy a spare!!!! And you don't get headphones, so buy a pair with it.But don't get me wrong, I love this device. Watching movies or streaming is awesome. And I get a wifi connection quite a bit faster than my 6 plus. This phone even being old made me switch to android. And I'm having a blast. But I am upgrading to the note 4 as soon as possible.Just beware my customer service was not as I wished. Amazon tried but didn't really give me what they should of considering it said guarantee. And the company that sent it, basically told me it was amazons responsibility. And I asked the sender where to get a warranty and they told me they couldn't help me, to check with samsung. But customer service everywhere is bad now huh?Do I recommend this phone? Yes. If you can't afford the note 4, then yes get this phone. For a 2 year old flagship it still runs great and I got the att version and I am on Lolli pop already. The multitasking is fantastic and if you're not worried about the camera then this phone is a GREAT phone. Hope this helps.P.S. make sure to buy a Samsung SD card with higher speeds. If not it WILL heat your CPU and make the phone slower. I got the 64 gb SanDisk and I thought it was my battery and come to find out it was my SD card. Anyways if you get this phone ENJOY!!!!
I love it!!!!
is excelent
What I expected!
Good
all good, I recommend
I was happy with the quick delivery as I wanted to gift it to my wife. She liked the phone and is quite happy with it.
The seller delivered even before the expected time and helped me about my questions before delivery. Thank you for everything. I highly recommend.
The cell phone is good as advertised except the calendar in the app section which in Arabic can not be deleted. Seller did not keep promise to answer me how to change it back to English or have it delete it.
excelente
Is great!!!
Excelente telefono
love it，will buy it again
facebook was slow, improved performance later pheraps it was caching.
I love this phone; it has many useful features, especially the ability to screen write, edit photos, draw, and more. Unfortunately I found out too late that the phone is not capable of utilizing the 4G or 4G LTE systems. As seen in other reviews (too late) this model is not capable of using the higher speed bands. Other than that, I've been happy with the phone itself.
Nice phone but quite excepensinve
A great phone. I replaced my Note II with this, and I absolutely love it. It's lighter, the display is much better and the back of the phone looks really good.
very good
Thanks, it was nice
Love my new phone.
good product, looks like new
Awesome phone !!
I have received two new phones samsung Galaxy Note 3 but there were no headphones inside.
It is my current smart phone, buy it 4 months ago and I'm still happy with it, the battery lasts all day, your screen is sharp and provides vivid colors in high definition, the s pen is helpful when you want to take notes or remalcar some note, your speaker is decent, so if criticism is to be said that it is a octa phone core and only work four cores nothing else but not affecting performance and fluidity of the phone, is a deceptive offer from samsung TouchWiz design is not to my taste is very ugly and outdated despite having android 4.4.2 still has the kit kat old and outdated design TouchWiz software that characterizes saumsung in conclusion I like my phone would not change until it is one that really is innovative touch
Great product
EXCELENTE
good.
Great phone, as expected. A good upgrade from the Galaxy S3
Like it
Everything is well as described on the sites. Thks.
Very good
Love the phone, but it drains the battery fairly quickly. Very slick, therefore easy to lose grip. Volume control and screen on/off buttons are opposite one another, so one must be mindful of how one picks it up - else ... (can become frustrating). ... Yes, I'm whining about being "frustrated", occasionally, by the screen turning on/off when not wanted. Similar to having to plant my own sustenance, feed the animals, ... 1800's.
Just right for my mom
Ecxellent
Fast shipping. Phone at great price for unlocked phon that is 4G capable.
The phone was just as expected (as seen in the display picture), brand new with all the necessary accessories( headphones, manual etc).....after setting up the phone I was able to pop in my international sim card (so this phone is unlocked as advertised). This is my first android phone so I cannot give feed back on the use as I am still learning. However, I love the physical attributes, its pink lol....as well as the camera takes excellent pictures and I love the huge screen in comparison to blackberry Q10 smaller screen....I see where this phone will eliminate the need for a tablet or my laptop! I already love this phone!
Love it!! A++++ merchant
Yes it did ! Wonderful phone ! I made a mistake when I bought the first one. I should have looked for a phone that works with my network. You can't buy any of the phones you have to find one that is compatible with your network
I am LOVING this phone. All samsung devices seem to have a delay with the screen but I love everything else. So much to do :)
I love my phone thank it works n look brand new got my phone on time in the bahamas was so scare ordering online phone I've had my phone for 3days so far so good
excelente
Fabulous! Exactly as described!
love it
GREAT CELLPHONE!
EXCELLENT! !😁
It is really good and the international version
I was a bit disappointed. A open phone was shipped to me which really upset me. However amazon did do good by sending a replacement which was better than the first. I am really enjoying my galaxy phone. .
love it....but my headphones port went bad after a few days.... the color is so sexy n classy works well
excelent!!!
Just bought this for my wife (I purchased a different phone for myself) and she loves it.Best phone she's ever owned, and the only one I've ever seen her legitimately happy with. Excellent battery, display, camera, software, specs, etc. Literally have zero complaints. Superb handset.
I love my phone thank it works n look brand new got my phone on time in the bahamas was so scare ordering online phone I've had my phone for 3days so far so good
excelente
Fabulous! Exactly as described!
love it
bueno
love
buen telefonoj
Totally recommended, Excellent product, works very good. Excellent seller.
love it
Excelente
This is the best! Amazing screen!!
good!
good
Good very nice......
It's the best phone I have ever had. We stick with it for a long time. Every thing about it is great.
👍👍👍
Just the best...has been working great.
i love this phone, everything is in good conditions
Excellent.... I love it.. Fast Shipping
Thanks for everything
Very pleased A+++++
Absolutely amazing, unlocked, multi language, quad band, region free, 3g and 4g with lte.simply the best of the best
Good, I like this item, i will buy more if i need more. It worth to buy more of this.
I'm moving from the mini galaxy onto this..so can't really compare it to much other phones, I just know I wanted big screen, nice camera and fast. That is what I got. This phone works with Simple Mobile because thats what I have. I have yet to see 4G on my signal but I did see H+, and from reading other reviews, I think thats some form of 4G. I'm not bothered by it cause simple mobile is rather low priced for their services.
Galaxy note 3 is a big competition to all other smart phones!!Glad I purchased this beautiful elegant smart phone :D
This phone is really amazing, my last phone was and Galaxy S3 a great phone but its not nearly close to the awesome Note 3, Is very fast, comfortable, the battery is great, for me the best phone yet.
I was afraid of getting it due to the "regional locking" complaints - but my aging eyes really needed the nice big screen. I made sure to activate it in the US with my T-Mobile PAYG, and it works fine on that (the 4G is nice when available) - and was happy it took my 3 UK and Orange Spain SIMs just fine. I sold my iPhone 5 on ebay and it even inspired me to get rid of my iPad and get the Samsung Galaxy 10.1 2014 edition!
Simply the best smartphone out there.This version supports Brazilian 4G network but keep in mind that it's LOCKED for US carriers.I had to use a alternative website to unlock it
The screen, the camera, are the best. My last was an iphone 5. As phone all phones are the same, but this is incredible.
I am very happy with my phone because i can use it in europe also. i got it very fast and it works great i love the prone
This is more than just a phone. It is an everything device. It is my phone, my calendar for my work and home all tied into one beautiful calendar that is so easy to use. It tells me the weather, keeps me up-to-date on social events and news. The pen is so cool and easy to use.For texting, you can simply speak the words and it is so accurate. The size is great as it makes everything easy to read. I just purchased a Bose bluetooth head set to go with it and it is great to, which will be reviewed on that item.The phone quality is excellent, sound, picture, to watch movies is awesome on this device. It is also my electronic reader - you don't need a tablet or a cell phone, just this one device. I love it!!!!!
The phone works well, more than expected. The battery life is excellent. wireless everything is a great company, because the product was delivered on time and the product is in good condition
GREATFantastic Product THE service was as expected, I recomend this android over the dual solution of Idev. 4 the phone + 1 dev 4 tablet phabkt Rules!!!
The phone is just as its described! I HAVE NO ISSUES!! works well in the Bahamas carrier! BEST PURCHASE EVER!
Unfortunately, Verizon doesn't support the unlocked version N9005 Galaxy Note3; therefore, the only alternative was AT&T. Excellent phone, with a multitude of smart features! Indeed, the best smartphone money can buy! Patiently awaiting the 4.4 KitKat update!
The phone is just the great masterpiece everyone is talking about. I was worried, however, that it would be regionally locked, since I live in Brazil and ordered the european model. I had heard about some app to unblock it, and decided to risk buying it anyway. Fortunetly I had no problem at all, my brazilian SIM card worked just fine and I noticed that the RegionLock Away app was already installed. I didnt need to use it though.The phone came in a locked Samsung box, brand new with all of íits devices plastic wrapped from factory.The only (really minor) problem was that the instructions came in French, which I solved peeking at google translator until I changed the language to English, although I could have chosen a variety of languages, including Portuguese.Great phone!
Great phone, very easy to setup and use. Everything is just as the features specify. My only issue is the charger being European. They should provide American chargers instead of an adapter. Overall, a great buy!!
Very happy. There's not much I can add to the overwhelming reviews that this product has gotten. I don't think I'll be buying another phone or tablet for a long time. This covers everything I could possible ask a device like this to do.The 9005 version will do 4K video (some of the other 900 models do not), but it's almost a non-factor. The bitrate is too low for any real quality difference. In fact, I recommend using standard 1080@60fps video recording. You will get better results. Until 4K video recording technology catches up to the level displays have gotten, 4K isn't really practical yet.This one was configured for the French market I think. So you may have standard French apps, and some language settings you need to change. Not a big deal.
Excelente
ok
Awesome. A lil dinged up. But brand new glass baby love it. Thanks seller.. p.s. is it possible to make this a n900t ?
Great deal.
great smartphone!!
Great peace of smartphone!
bueno
I love it
Excelente
Great product. .luv it
Terrific Note 3---went to register and can't find it on Samsung website ...
Good
El mejor telefono que he tenido en mis manos... buen tamaño. Mucha velocidad, nunca se pone lento.
Awesome
It's good
Best phablet until now... I have had all the galaxy notes since the first version, nothing bad to say about the phone, great for mobile gaming, and photography purposes. My next phone will be the note 4...
Excellent
Great buy. I live in Trinidad so this phone works here. One thing to note though which I don't remember seeing in the description this phone uses a micro sim so you will need to ask your network carrier to transfer your number to a micro sim. I am on the Bmobile network so I just went in to the front office and requested same it only cost TT $25 to have it done. I am really pleased with my new phone.
It the best.
This is a great phone. I only experienced two short lived problems. 1. This was my first experience of buying an international unlocked phone. When I first booted the phone, nothing was in English, it was all in French. So I had to guess at options until I found the setting to download the English language to my phone. There were no instructions about this; but after messaging the seller a couple of times, I finally got it figured out. 2. When taking it to AT&T to change my phone and service to this phone, several agents in the store spent about an hour and a half figuring out how to get the data to work. That was a bit of an ordeal but all the folks at AT&T were very nice and wanted to help. Once getting over those two hurdles, it has been smooth sailing. Like I said earlier, this is a great phone and mini tablet. To me, this is the best phone on the market. I give it 4 stars only because of the 2 hurdles I had to overcome. Other than that, it would be 5 stars in my opinion.
While i had some difficulty in understanding that this phone only worked with a select set of service providers, Shopebest was extremely responsive to my need to return the phone. They were very helpful in processing the return transaction, and I greatly appreciate their professional attitude.
Very fast, elegant, smart, fits well in the hand (I have big hands). The camera is fast and the pictures look great. The pen is a great accesory.
It is simple and reliable I'm so happy to have it definitely it has met my values. This product is the best
This was bought for one of my friends , having owned this phone personally for 6 months I cannot fault it dont mess with the best
An excellent cellphone. Music Player chatting gadget and I'm very happy to have it. I used it also for my business meeting.
I bought the phone for my wife's christmas and she loves it.. she always had iPhones but i converted her to the galaxy nation.LOL she loves it cause the screen is a lot bigger , easier to download Apps, take quick notes, it charges super fast, and the battery last very long plus may more,, also I bought it with the galaxy gear watch that makes it more fun for her.
I've just upgraded my Note 2 to this one and my first impressions are positive. My only issue was informed to the seller because the box arrived not sealed (it was already opened), reason why I gave 4 stars. The seller has been very nice and offered some options so that the problem could be solved. As the cell phone is working fine so far I prefer to wait into the warranty term before take another action.
I had a note 2 that I sold to purchase the note 3. It's a lot faster, lighter in weight, of course a little more screen etc. I'm please with it.Thanks!
For people who troubles with setting up 3G on AT&T, please do not ask AT&T for the APN, they will not tell you, trust me I have gone to AT&T stores several times, and called the tech support, and they can not help you, they will flat out tell you its not a AT&T authorized device. So your best option is to google it. So the APN setting for AT&TName:AT&T PTAAPN:ptaProxy:blankPort:blankUsername:blankPassword:blankServer:blankMMSC:blankMultimedia Message proxy: blankMultimedia message port: blankMCC 310MNC 410APN type: default, internet, mms,suplBearer: unspecifiedMobile virtual network operator type: none blank.The phone is even more awesome after its connect to data, so the best service that I received so far was from shopbest, they even offered to returned the product to tested after hearing my days of stress with AT&T, they said if the phone has a issue, they are willing to give me my refund.
One of the best gage that I ever purchase. So many feature and special the picture quality is second to none. Galaxy note 3 is the best in today market. All for one and one for alll..
My only problem with the Note 3 is Knox. The very first thing I did with this phone was flash TWRP recovery through Odin, so I obviously know what I'm doing as far as root's concerned. And if you're worried about performance on the Qcomm version, my Antutu benchmark score is 36354.
Great phablet.Awesome screen resolution, a technical/hardware masterpiece, improved S-Pen hardware/software, sunlight legibility improved over the Note 2, good sound.
I did a huge amount of research with Samsung Customer Care and had half a dozen calls and live chats with representatives in the USA, UK, and the Netherlands (where i intended to use it most).in conclusion Samusng doesn't really produce GSM where G stands for Global... this model is intended to be sold and used with 4G in the UK so I took a risk activating it with a Dutch SIM and it worked. I don't think it would have worked with a USA SIM.Apart from that - the phone arrived super fast and was in perfect new condition and state. So far (5 months) it has worked without any glitches and i highly recommend it. Obviously size is a double edged blade as it doesn't fit in many of my pockets but that is the only negative thing I can say.
I have no problems with mine, I got mines from brownbox bonanza and it seems legit; though it didn't come with any spare s pen nibs which i thought was weird. Other than that this phone is great. Im guessing this is a european model since the plug consists of two rods and the temperature is displayed in celcius instead of fahrenheit and i cannot seem to change it. I have a tmobile sim card in and it works just fine in murica.
Everything was fine with the shipping.The Galaxy Note 3 is a very beautiful cellphone. Those who can deal with the huge screen will love it. I have problems using it with one hand. The additional functions that the pen gives are not a big deal. I don't like that without rooting the phone you can use only very useless apps in multiple screen. For example you can't use Google translator in multiple screen which would be useful.So it's beautiful but not as good as it should be for this price.
This item met all my expectations! I strongly recommend it to any one out there that wants the best android experience.
The product was on time and in excellent conditions... So far so good.... As expected... I hope the performance would be as good as I thought when I bought it... Thanks...
I recommend this excellent team for the many differentiating factors of competition, the screen, the durability of the battery, the S Pen and among others soprendido let me!
This phone is everything I needed in a phone and more. I use Straight Talk and needed a phone that would get 4G (H+) signal. A couple of months ago I thought spending this much on a phone of this quality was a bit crazy so I tested the waters and purchased a Note 3 knock off phone from one of the Amazon venders, that was a big mistake and a waste of money. I could not get H+ service (only Edge) and performance and quality was sketchy (I know I was rolling the dice buying one but you will do some pretty stupid stuff when you're desperate for a new phone on a Ramen Noodle budget! lol) so I ended up putting it up for sale on ebay.This phone totally rocks, I put my AT&T SIM card in and updated my APN settings and right away was getting H+ signal, so for those Straight talk users who are wondering if it will work on the Straight Talk network, wonder no more! Make sure you get the Note 3 N9005 model if you decide to go with a different vender if you're looking to save money, I'm not sure if the other models of this phone will work on Straight Talk. Excellent phone, excellent customer support and fast shipping!
So that i got the phone ontime after back from school ! So excited !!! I like this so much but just a little problem , the box have some scratch and that's all ... Just kidding so i really like that thank alot ! I will buy something more from you guys !
Very Good this phone according with the description, works very well in Venezuela, all the caracteristics so very helpfull the greaters phone
Excellent
This phone is very good. I love it. Only thing is a little bit concerns about the battery.
good
I am getting H+ network in Chicago and camera result not good though it has 13 mega pixel
Phone is perfect, thanks
I am satisfied with the purchase. The only thing I missed is a charger for Asian plugs. I did seem to be imported from UAE. But, I made sure that I used a US sim before taking it to India and it worked like charm.
Excelente
Screen is big and crisp, built-in stylus is quite useful for taking notes. I like the leather-like texture of the back. Overall it's a great phablet. There are so many setting menus that doesn't work well, such as the eye-mouse, gesture, etc. and I have to turn all these settings off just to make sure it doesn't do anything weird while I'm operating the device.
Awesome buy, comes new and unlocked as stated.
I'm not tech crazy but I will say the phone is awesome and works like a dream, my shipping was on point and when I say on point its like i blinked and it was delivered. I'm a international customer and i had zero problems with anything, just popped in my sim and memory card and haven't had a wink of a prob. I personally use this seller a lot as they have proven to be dependable with all my transactions.
Great toy!
excelente producto
excellent seller, item in excellent quality
The item was found to be as described on the site. Its really nice and good quality & service. Am happy with the service.Superb!!!
Love it!
outstanding product, can't ask for more .
It is a really good phone. the only things I have to say about it is that it usally warms up A LOT, it feels unconfortable to talk with your phone in your ear so I have to use the speaker or a bluetooth device. also it freezes some times so I HAVE TO REMOVE THE BATTERY TO RESTART THE PHONE. Other thing is that the box was opened when I received it (seals opened), and the letters in the back that says "SAMSUNG"... it didn't had the U and the N... so it says SAMS..G. Anyway the phone is really good and friendly for the usage.I like it. Im planning to buy the Galaxy Note IV whenever it comes to the market.
I just got these 2 hours ago. "Please excuse I don't mean to be rude, but tonight I lovin it!"anyways this phone is really really great!!! Way better than my Note 2 and S4 that I got tired off.My HTC One and my Iphone 5S was awesome but nothing compare to my S4 and Note 3.Just-ju-Just get one! You'll love it!!!Theres some difference when I bought my Note 3 & 2 between my Note. The Note 2 & 3 that I ordered from Mercate(There cool) it had a manual with a different language I don't understand, and it doesn't come with a adapter.Unlike my Note from Hassle Free, it came with English Manual and Adapter,-But its cool, I trust both.Got the Note 3 with no regret and its powerful feature & multitasking-for anywho people/ But for geeks like me-no words(Just get it)
The phone where as described. Really fast and a nice screen. The most outstanding compared to the note 2 have to be the screen.
amazing product! so quick doing anything. 3gb of RAM - finally I can add pretty much as many apps as I want without taking off one to add one. Honestly...nothing comes close to the Note 3!
Decent phone, comes close to what I expected but there are improvements needed. I am happy about the battery though. Samsung phones do not have a good battery backup but this one does. Apart from that, I am satisfied with everything else the phone has to offer.And for people rating 1 star since they feel the phone was locked, please read the description before buying the phone.
Excellent phone. No complaints whatsoever. All the positive reviews are spot on. Phone isn't too big and the speeds are incredible. No lag time at all.
Very elegant cell phone. Works perfectly. Unlocked for every phone company in Mexico. Hope to use it for a very long time. Perfect sound, reception and elegant finish. Too big for a petite person though.
I just switched from being a very long time Apple phone user to my first Android. This phone is awesome! If you've been on the fence, do it! Amazon has great customer service!
We all know that the new Galaxy note 3 is the talk of the town but some people whom want the phone but don't want to get roped into a contract will purchase an unlocked version of the phone. But before you buy the unlocked version their is some information you need to know about the different models of the phone(s). The Galaxy Note 3 was released in many country's on every continent. Although anyone can buy the phone from any country; each model was made to work on different frequencies. In this review I am going to go over each model of the Galaxy Note 3 and the services recommended for use with them.But First everyone may be asking about the Region lock attached to the phones. Yes before the phones are unlocked their are region locks attached to the different models forcing them to only accept SIM cards from their designated country's. But after unlocked the Region locks are removed. Does this mean that all models will work everywhere, no, but I will be going over if the phone will work in your region after the locks are removed in the model descriptions below.Second the different levels of service. Depending on your area and the service towers available their you will get different letters to indicate service level and the speed you're getting. Below are the most common levels and their average speeds in order for your reference during the Model review.1. E = EDGE/GSM: When getting this sign you are getting the weakest signal for your phone but are still getting non-roaming signal for general calls and text. I advise if this is your areas mane signal strength you have a Wi-Fi signal avalible for the data internet conection.2. G = 2G/GSM: When the G is showing you are getting remedial signal but still pretty strong. Calls and Text's will be flawless and you will be able to do general internet surfing but you will not be loading any HD videos or have perfect connection to online only game's. With this I still recommend a Wi-Fi signal in your house if you plan on using the internet in these areas.3. H = 3G-/HSPA: This signal is classified as 3G but runs a little slower depending on how close you are to the main tower. If you're getting a good amount of bars with signal will do flawless calls, text's, and you'll be able to comfortable able to surf the internet and load videos at a max of 480P (360P recommend for best result).4. 3G = 3G+/GSM/HSPA: This is the full 3G speed and will be also flawless with calls, text's, and be able to stream video like netflix(Recommended 460P), play online games, and surf the internet fast and easy.5. H+ = 4G-/GSM/HSPA+: This is the signal that most first generation 4G phones use. Perfect for all light movie watchers, and small business people. Flawless calls, text's, and the internet is speedy. H+ although fast has been known to be faulty in a lot of area's and was quickly replaced. If you've got this signal it's still 4G but it's kind of like the EGDE version of 4G.6. 4G = 4G/GSM/HSPA+: This is the 4G signal that most 2010-2012 4G phones use such as the Galaxy S series (Sept for the S4) Although this is a very fast and reliable it is not LTE but for the average person whom just watched movies and plays online games on their phone this signal is more than enough to give you a crisp fast feel and load HD movies (720P Recommended but not limited to.)7. 4G LTE = 4G+/GSM/LTE: This is the current signal that everyone is going after. It is lighting fast and is the most reliable for non-stop videos, gaming, and downloading.Now for the common phone models:1. SM-N9000 3G = International/Made for Travelers: This is the international model. This one has a dual quad core processor running at 1.9 GHz Cortex/1.3 GHz A7. The reason for the processor being change is because this phone is meant to work everywhere their is a GSM signal and kicks threw the different processors to maximize signal strength. The N9000 CAN NOT to 4G speeds of any kind. This is due to most country not having 4G signal and that a lot of county's run on different cell frequencies. By removing the 4G radios this phone can pick up way more cell frequencies then the other models. This phone is not made for people looking for Data speed this is made for travelers whom want a reliable way to have cell service no matter where they are. Don't despair about the data or processing speed this phone still has Wi-Fi connection available and can breeze though 3D games; you shouldn't even notice a speed difference when doing tasks.2. SM-N9005 4G LTE = European Model/International: This model contains the regular 2.3 GHz Snapdragon Processor. This phone unless unlocked is Region locked to only European SIM cards, after unlocked their is no region lock. Although this phone is an LTE phone it can only get LTE frequencies while in Europe. When you take this phone out of Europe it will get international signals but will not get LTE, when this phone is in the USA is will get H+ (Reference above) signal maximum.3. SM-N9002 3G = China Model/Select Counties: This model is not LTE or 4G compatible. This was the First generation of the Note 3 released and is considered the Beta. With all the same hardware as the LTE version this phone will still preform flawless tasks.4. SM-N900W8 4G LTE = China Model/Select Counties: This model will only get LTE in select counties and I advise you check with your service provider to see what signal you will be getting. This model is completely subjective as to what frequencies of LTE you will be about to get. Example: Imagine you are in Europe and you are in a city and get LTE. Then you move to another city and you lose LTE this is because the first city runs on an LTE frequency the the phone can get but the second city although may offer LTE to most cell phone; does not offer LTE on a frequency this phone can't run on.5. SM-N900A 4G LTE = USA AT&T/Worldwide: This phone is International but you need to consult AT&T to see if you city or county can get LTE service or not. This phone once unlocked will work on Straight Talk, Solavei, T-Mobile, and any other GSM based network. Note: When using T-Moble, Solavei, or other services that piggy-back on the T-Mobile towers you can get LTE service but depending on your area you may not get 3G. If you live in a 3G area consult your carrier to see is the frequencies for 3G match up with this phone. (This review for the AT&T model can change at anytime due to AT&T's bootloader)6. SM-N900T 4G LTE = USA T-Mobile: This phone when unlocked can get all USA frequencies. Example: You will have no problems using a AT&T SIM card with this phone and even get 4G LTE threw any service whom provides is. The N900T model is the most versatile model out of them all and if you plan on getting one I recommend going to a T-Mobile store and purchasing this model outright. Unlocking this phone is easily done threw calling T-Mobile and even using YouTube for an unlocking video.So out of all the models the N900T is the most versatile, but unlike the N900A (The second most versatile) the N900T is harder to find online already unlocked so you will most likely need to buy if from the store and unlock it yourself.I hope this review has helped with you decision about what unlocked version to buy.If you have an questions or addition to the review please leave a comment.Video review of phone Specs and features coming soon.
The best phone I've ever had. It's super fast and the size of screen is the right one. The S pen utility is really useful for business purposes like mine. Some people do not like the extra layer of software Samsung and other manufacturers put over Android but I have to say that Samsung's TouchWiz is almost perfect. Moreover, this phone has so many options to customise it that I still find a new one every day after 1 month.
Because it works fine, looks fine and I like it very much.I had a Galaxy SII and this one is much better.
Well this is for anyone wondering if this phones works with Strait talk it does but it don't get 4G just 3G and the one I got was a brand new European version N9005 And I didn't need to use a European SIM card to activate it The first time everything started perfectly and so far a have had no problems with the phone I think it's the best phone ever!!! :)
This phone just work on Europe , and I travel around the wourld and use local sim cards to save money, of course... Now they are managing may savings... got crazy!!!!new feedbackGuys I got a very good support from the seller that gone to Samsung and got the password to really unlock my phone for any reagion, tjats because samsung was not clear with them about that also!about the phone, let me use now and gonna make a review...
Excellent service from vendor. Product arrived as described. The Note 3 is probably the best smartphone currently available. Incredible battery stamina. Usually get to the end of day with over 30 to 40 % of charge while with all my previous phones usually had to charge before the end of the day (S3. Nexus 4). The phone is very compact for the screen size and features. Would highly recommend phone and vendor.
Its is a great phone, with high technology,the only thing is its big but I like it and would recommend it.
Everything work fine with the phone. Truly you can trust for.fast shipping.I would like to recommend to any one need to buy a phone.
Great Seller. Super Piece. Battery lasts for 2 days without charging and with extensive use. Features in the Note3 are also far better than what its done before. even the search feature in settings makes it so easy to look for anything you want.
I had after the note 1 in this time was expectacular but now the note 3 is much better. The screen is appropriate for new utilities offered, the use of "pen" improve and the use is very intuitive. This phone is unlocked and my personal experience I didn't have problem for activate.
Its a really nice Product One of my best cellphone ever, I got a really Good Deal in this one I recommend
Everything was perfect. Great speed. Everything I asked for. It wasn't to difficult changing from French to English . I would buy it again tomorrow. Lol and just might. For my girl.
It's very cool ! It works very good.it 2 day battery . S pen is very flexible. I like it!
Ordered this unlocked from amazon retailer... fantastic phone... i wanted a tablet /phone combo and this is it! No contract is a major plus ! Only drawback if you want verizon service you will have to purchase your note 3 through them...otherwise they won't allow you on their networks ( trust me i tried)
Phone is working excellent and shipping on time .Just problem with factory warranty .It's hard to get warranty .but phone is much better then I pone
Very good buy, everything is in good working order. No region lock problem. Also the ability to use it as a remote is priceless.
Excellent phone. The single drawback is that I have to charge the phone everyday. Needs more advanced, long lasting battery.
long battery life, beautiful display and easily programmed to my selected carrier!Get your own Galaxy phone! Who needs a contract!
before buying galaxy note 3 I had blackberry and I got many problem with it. but with this stuff I gotta say I'm happy now.
The only comment is that the Manual came in a language that I could not read any of the words there... probably Russian or some other country close of there...
Love it
Although it isn't a real problem for me, I bought this phone for my partner, who doesn't speak English very well. So this was a major problem for him.I didn't find anything related to the languages in the description of the product.
It fitted perfectly on my Note 3. I have installed the ILoome 9H, and the edges of both fit exactly.
it does not shows the 4G logo in its back cover also, it never get connected in 4G, even with the right operator and in a strong signal 4G area.besides it does not have the internal 3GB of RAM y shows barely 1,5GBAlso the phablet is awesome
This phone is amazing. It have all toys that you can get from a fablet.Please remember this is a fablet not a normal smartphone. So remember that because the size can be object for critics.I enjoy it ... Just excellent !!!!
As I usually don't use official samsung software I recommend for the adventurers to try some custom roms you get a whole lot out of your phone.
This is an awesome phone. It has all the features you expect in a phone and some you would expect from a high end computer.There is only one flaw. If anything goes wrong with this phone, do not expect the warranty to mean anything. It is an international phone and Samsung will not stand by it if you are in the US.I have not had any problems with the phone, so this has not been much of a concern to me (as noted by the 5 stars)
This phone is amazing. That pretty much sum's up the whole experience so far.I upgraded from a Nexus 4 so I wasn't expecting it to be a huge upgrade considering the Nexus 4 isn't that old, but damn! This phone has some major hardware in it! Everything loads very quick, the UI responds to my interactions almost instantly.The S-Pen was an added bonus for me as well. I wasn't expecting to use it much but it really is a fantastic tool for taking notes to remember stuff later. They also have some crazy advanced drawing/art apps that work great. Since the S-Pen/Note 3 are pressure sensitive you can do some really impressive drawing/art right on your phone! It's like a mini professional Wacom!The only downside might be the speaker, but even that was a upgrade compared to my Nexus 4 which had a terrible speaker. But you know what? The Note 3's speaker is plenty good for me!I ordered this phone on Amazon through Straight Trading, Inc. and they shipped it out via 1 day shipping within a couple hours and I had it in hand the next day in perfect condition.Setup was painless as well. All I had to do was pop out the micro-simcard from my Nexus 4 and put it in my Note 3! That was it. I then powered it on and setup all my accounts. My Google account restored all the settings/apps I had from my Nexus 4 on to my Note 3 and off I went!
One small drawback is that it is a product originally targeted for France. But once changed the target website and a US adapter (sent by the seller), it runs well and since it is my first Galaxy Note 3 or first of any Sumsung Galaxy product, I am still learning how to use the product. But I can feel it is well design and functions very well. Just need time to learn all its functionalities! Very satisfied!!!
This phone works in Jamaica well. No problem at all. I just put my GSM sim and start calling. So far so good. I will travel to Asia in Summer and hope no problem there too. I will travel thru Europe or Hong Kong or Singapore. So I will be able to write more when I return about functioning of this phone.
i live in the USA and i bought this phone it works great and works 4g lte in t mobile i think only t mobile can do the 4g with this phone. but i definitely recommend it!
I liked the phone but It was not brand new as listed on profile. It seems like it was but in actual the language was Spanish which shows clearly it was not brand new.
It's is awesome. Screen, Stylus, Speed and Weight ( without covers or bumpers ) and battery life above expectations. It upgraded to Kit Kat as soon as I connected to Wifi. I can't complain and the gigant screen get us addicted in 30 seconds, it's a little big for my jeans pocket but still using it everyday. It's a great phone with everything I could ask for today and some of the future stuff.
The size is great as is the camera. You can do a lot with it and it is very fast.
I have owned a Samsung galaxy s4 a note 2 and this note 3. I really like Samsung products but had issues with the other two devices. The s4 was a great phone but possessed so little on board storage that it hampered it. The 5 inch screen was gorgeous but still too small for movie watching. I bought a note 2 because of the bigger screen but at the cost of resolution and a slower processor. I have wanted the note 3 since before it came out and it is the best of the two previously purchased devices combined. From the beautiful 5.7 inch screen to the very speedy processor, its everything I want in a smartphone. The s pen is great for setting reminders or other note taking. The frosting on the cake is the systems 32 GB on board storage. I know all samung s products come with expandable storage but you can't put all app data on an SD cards so large app files fill system memory quickly. This is an exceptional device with very little to complain about. I switch devices a lot but the only switch I will be making in the future will be for the eventual note 4. Until then, this phone is the best available that combines every aspect of what I want out of a smartphone.
So far, this has been all that I expected for! Blazzing fast, expectacular camera, the battery lasts for two days (in average), and recharging it is also quite fast (approximatly 1:30hs from fully depleted to fully charged)!And wrapping up, I did not had any problems with "Region Lock"! When I received the phone (Model N9005), I actived it in the USA using a pre-paid T-Mobile SIM! Then, when I've came back to Brazil, I've replaced it with my local Vivo SIM, without any glitches! Everything is working perfectly here!
I want to assure you, that I have not purchased a cell phone like this in my life. This is something different-a pc, e cell phone, an organizer.... A person like me, who likes a high dense menu, will be very pleased to get it. Even those, who like iPhone, have their choice-change menu type to a easy one, if desired. As a result, if your pocket allows you, do not hesitate to buy it. Enjoy!
My daughter lost her iPhone and she cried for 2 weeks NOT telling her FATHER by chance i found out one night while at Pizza Hut, when i did find out she was so upset, she stated that she would WORK 2 job's to get the phone that she wanted & i AM PROUD to say that her I Phone she worked for as well, BUT.... this phone and the way she worked for it again i am very proud of her and now she has to pay her Parents back for this gift which she wanted, and it arrived way above time.
I love this smartphone, is the best thing you can buy right now on Android, It already have an update to 4.4 KitKat, TouchWiz never has been know for been a smooth interphase but the Note 3 is powerfull enought to run it without a sig of lag or trouble, if you like big screen this is the right smartphone for you !
I have to say that I was very worried about this cellphone. There were so many reviews saying that it might not work that I was really really scared. In the end, I took the shot and bought from the most reliable seller "Wireless Everything". The product was perfect and it worked flawlessly in Colombia.
As advertised. I am glad I waited for the 4 to come out before buying. Great product but the range of prices is ridics!
Excelent
This phone is awesome!
excelente
excelente
excelente
Great Product!! My sister Loved it!
very nice phone, I love it. So far I have no issues with it. however, i have not yet started using the phone to its full potential, i have this cell for less than two months
It is an excellent team . I recommend it.
Exelente
Very good!!
Great Gift to Give Parnets and Grand Parnets in fresh condition
Excellent
Got this for my sister and she loved it.
Terrific phone
Totally recommended
100% recomendado
so my friend asked me to find a phone for her on Amazon tell her the price and she will put the money on my account to purchase it...well I'm very cautious when purchasing electronic devices online... I compare prices and reviews. And decided to make this purchase from this seller because it met the requirements... when I got the phone and delivered it to her she was overly excited... it came just as described and within the time allotted... she still has the phone to date and I highly doubt she replacing it even if it's outdated.. great quality product and I recommend this seller
nice phone love it
Good
THE NOTE 4 IS OUT BUT MY NOTE 3 IS STILL A BEAST.... THIS SELLER IS A GOOD SELLER 2
Excelente mejor imposible lo recomiendo 100%.
Great phone, works perfect. Used it in Florida and now using it in Quebec. No trouble what so ever. Got it in the time I was told.Will buy again form these seller.
No issues rooting and using these in our app-development work with mobile devices.
My nephew loved it.
ok
Great phone.... Price is little bit too high but the screen is amazing and works fine.
Best of the best, pricey but very very good performance
Good choice.
It was exactly what I expected
EXCELENT
I was happy with a product!
is love me note 3
excelent
Excellent product. So far I have not seen any problem. The photos are excellent
I had previously lost my phone, and was blessed that after ordering this Samsung Galaxy note 3 from this company, it came before they had claimed I should receive it. Also when I opened it and turned on the device it was in fantastic condition, just a couple scratches on the vitriol and top! Now I have had it over a month and have been very satisfied with my purchase. Plus I found it at a great price. Thanks again.
Very ecilen good
very good clarity.i recommend this phone.
perfect
Love it.
Great
Note 3 phone is just amazing. This phone has all features your looking for in a smart phone. It's a real keeper.
the product is actually really loved it. arrived at the right time and not had any problems. I recommend to everyone.
I ve just purchased a samsung galaxy note 3 ( Samsung Galaxy Note 3 N9005 32GB 4G LTE BLACK Factory Unlocked LTE 800 / 850 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 ) from amazon for my brother who lives in Turkey ,where the description clearly says FACTORY UNLOCKED .it seems the device is not unlocked.I ll appreciate your help.Thank youFatih ÜNAL
Great screen and great for pictures!
great product and works well for me at the moment. I am enjoying the features and learning new things with it
This is the best phone I've had the opportunity to experience. It is very practical in it's function and ability. Having the functionality of a phone and larger viewing area has allowed me to move from a phone and tablet to this one great device.
I believe many people and sites already cover the capabilities and the "jambo manjo" of this device, so I won't take my time with that.To help people out there from Brazil, this device (N9005) is compatible with Vivo, Tim, Claro and OI networks. I tested the one I bought with chips from all these providers and they all worked without any problem.
Good product. But purchased it on this site and they reduced the price one week after I ordered it. The packaging was good. It arrived pretty much on time as if I chose expedited shipping that was very impressive.
I love Samsung! And note 3 is a hit. With this cellphone you don't need any tablet .
working fine
Very excellentThank you very much
The phone is outstanding, has so many things on it and never lose interest in it.
Best Samsung I've had yet
excellent product and works perfectly
Loved it a lot much better than my old phone ( iphone 4 8 gb)
I do love it
My New Samsung Note 3 Unlocked Version 4G LTE It's so cool, Same speed 4G From my old Note 3 From T-Mobile, The only thing i have to do is change the data settings connections APNStill don't show the 4G icon on my screen, Only H+ But let me tell you! I got the same fast speed Internet on my note. Before i buy this phone i'm a little scared for buy, The negative review comments, I recommend. 5 Star baby, ☆☆☆☆☆ Cinco estrellas. You know what i mean!!!👋😆
Good job, on time, complete, new, congratulations!
Love my new phone, still in the discovery stage. I got it less than a week
It is the gadget that makes me feel happy, intertained, It has all what I need, it's fast , big screen, name it. Thanks to amazon.
Nice phone
very nice, product, fast delivery, i recommended to my friends to buy in your store, thanks
this is a great phablet!have a very good camera, above average battery life and of course great display with the huge note screen.notice that this specific model supports LTE, and the LTE standards are divided into US and EU.so it happens to be, the model i got support LTE EU standard and not US, so if i was a US or canada user i would be bummed out, luckily i'm not.except that it is an awsome instrument
PHONE 100% QUALITY AND FUNCTIONAL, GOOD CONDITION AND ORIGINAL FEATURES MEET THE SPECIFIED IN THIS PUBLICATION ARE 100% RECOMMEND TO SHOPPING FOR ...
The Iphone is excellent, I have used Samsung Galaxy S3 before bit this one it's superior un al sense. I'm totally satisfying with my Galaxy note
Still trying to understand it but it is like having a mobile office I do almost all my computer work. Need the note 4 now so I can give my wife the note 3
Nice buy im impressedthis phone is nice gots nice features ect ect.ill recommend this to other costumers.nice work
fine
Its amazing just wish i had that 4g lte but besides that its a great phone good job you guys
good product good quality good seller 100% recommended
Excelente, gracias
fine smarphone
Excelente producto
Excelente producto
Only few complains about battery life from the user
I love this phone
happy with phone
Worked in Israel too (but I did use it first with an american sim).All was fantastic.
It's very good my wife still use it since 7 months ago
Good
Very happy with this product, went from abeing IPhone to this & I am happy.
gooood
Excellent product. I Love It
Only had the phone for a few days, but so far it has been everything they said it was and much improved over my Note 1. The battery life is 4X that which I had on the Note 1. (Larger AMP battery than Note 1). I have an ATT micro sim installed and added a 32 gb micro disc memory card. However, you cannot get 4G LTE on this specific phone, only "H", if your using ATT in the USA.. If that does not concern you, then it is a great phone so far, especially using wi-fi. As an international unlocked phone, it should give you 4G LTE overseas wherever available. My phone was manufactured in Vietnam by Samsung.
Fantastic phone!
A wonderful tool!
Excellent thk.
Friends in West Africa love it!!
great phone
excellent
Good one. I purchased 'new like' phone and happy on my decision. But I spent lot money on cases as Amazon has not properly recommended cases. I purchased almost 4 different cases, but finally one of them is good. I also recommend to Install 'Android Assistant' from PlayStore to effectively manage RAM and clear cache for smooth operations.
Its awsome..thanks
thanks
Item as described, works great in Argentina. Can't try LTE because it's not ready in my country.
Came as described!! perfect condition
super product, works great. A piece of great work by samsung, love it, and will recommend to people who love good phones
it was great and i love alot i love shopping on amazom it makes me feel really good in side
Very good product. It works perfectly.! All as-is as described in the publication. I hope in the future back to shop at your store. 100% is recommended.
trabajando al máximo me encanta
My brother-in-law asked me to buy the Galaxy Note 3 for him. He is very happy with the phone and just likes it.
All the style, the touchwiz, the big screen, all the features, all the software, the apps, and the fastest phone i ever had
Great Product,LTE worked flawlessly both in the US and in Brazil.The Huge screen real estate is awesome, even though I don't understand why the amount of apps in the home screen/app drawer is the same as in lower resolution/smaller screen size phones.
It has arrived very soon, what I don't like is the charger who came with a travel adaptator and it's too big to handle it in my hand bag.
Very good phone but no allowing me update the operating system
Good one
Completely satisfied with the purchase of this product ...!
Worth every penny compared to Iphone 6 and Note 4 which is 300$ costlier than this.It lags behind Note 4 by 3MP difference in Cam., DPI, Processor speed. Remaining everything is the same.Inbuilt Thermometer, Pressure, Humidity sensors are very good. Battery life is amazing.Black one is much more cooler than white.Iphone 6 cant compete with this in touch sensitivity and stylus features are cutting edge.
Best seller, thanks!
I bought to my sister from 8 month and its doing great with so far
Very good cellphone!
I AM VERY HAPPY!!The item as described by the seller and arrived at the date. <3I live in Dominican Republic and the phone works great for the moment. :))I hope the phone will last me a long time.I am in the net (ORANGE DOMINICANA)
I've bought this phone to one of my friends and it works great and has nothing wrong with it,works with all the carriers that he tried so far,including ( Lycamobile,Simple Mobile and Straight talk)
I like this phone. Is very fast
Great phone for me. It met all my standards. Thanks
Works perfect in Costa Rica
Value for money. I love it.
I love samsung stuff and this is not an exception
Excellent phone and shopping experience
its ok
exelente
I really like the Note 3 and its capabilities. I am pleased with this product.
Love my phone
Excellent phone I see it in my life
It is working goo. thanks.
Love it
GREAT, THIS PHONE IS PERFECT IN VENEZUELA WORKS PERFECTLY WITH THREE PHONE COMPANIES
Was on time phone had everything in the box great job will order again.
Phone looked brand new, and works great, would definitely purchase again!
Nice
great phone
well i had some trouble with this phone. he send me a phone with the región locked so i had to unlocked it, but the seller return the money i spend on the unlocked .the phone Works fine. everything good
everything good with the cellphone.it arrive on time and it work fine!
The best choice
excellent phone i use in venezuela whit 4g Whit Digitel and is faster and powerfull i love that phone i recomend for all peoples likes better and excellent phone
This is the best Android phone I have ever purchased for two reasons, the awesome large display and the excellent performance!
This is the one! Total Packeage! Almost the Perfect Phone! the only cons is the Design! Too square! But a Good One!
As an architect, this is the best mobile tool. It has helped with everything from work to leisure. The only thing missing is food preparation. I miss the FM radio function but it makes up for it in so many ways
It's fantastic! I have one and I'm not able even to use everything that offers! I purchsed another phone to my husband so impressed we are! Good size, very resistant and bes7des a phone is a mini tablet. Fullfill all our needs and much more! The case is also unique: love it!
I am Extremely Please with this phone I love every aspect of it. I will be buying more of these as needed.
Excellent
Nice cellphone *****
you didn't say the phone from SFR but the phone very good
excellent
Top of the line phablet. Excellent experience, although undoubtedly unwieldy for any new to the large android device range. With flagship specs and a host of productivity oriented apps, the Note 3 never fails to execute wxactly what you need it to, in an exceptionally prompt and satusfying manner. With its plentitude of useful multitasking features, this device is an excellent choice for both the business savvy, and the student.
It's OK.
It was really good I love itIt comes on timeAmazon is the best place you get the Brand new stuff
Excelente
Excellent product. Shipping perfect.
Ok
I bought this Note 3 LTE N9005 in the States, for use in Europe and the Middle East.The smartphone performs as promised - highly satisfactory performance, no problems.Seems also that the GPS receiver is quite sensitive - performs better than a Note 2 I have replaced with it.Used it in the States with an AT&T SIM card - seems that the AT&T network provides better coverage and performance than T- Mobile.Didn't get better than "H+" data reception in the States, though, (since the phone's received frequencies are tuned for international).The phone was sold by "My Wish-List" store through Amazon. Seller feedback: highly satisfactory. Good, quick and reliable service.
good
I love my new phone but I have one problem: I can't get the 4g LTE.
Awesome phone!
Great phone Samsung, very practical design and size.
Took it overseas and it worked perfectly with the provider.
This is a great phone. I only experienced two short lived problems. 1. This was my first experience of buying an international unlocked phone. When I first booted the phone, nothing was in English, it was all in French. So I had to guess at options until I found the setting to download the English language to my phone. There were no instructions about this; but after messaging the seller a couple of times, I finally got it figured out. 2. When taking it to AT&T to change my phone and service to this phone, several agents in the store spent about an hour and a half figuring out how to get the data to work. That was a bit of an ordeal but all the folks at AT&T were very nice and wanted to help. Once getting over those two hurdles, it has been smooth sailing. Like I said earlier, this is a great phone and mini tablet. To me, this is the best phone on the market. I give it 4 stars only because of the 2 hurdles I had to overcome. Other than that, it would be 5 stars in my opinion.
While i had some difficulty in understanding that this phone only worked with a select set of service providers, Shopebest was extremely responsive to my need to return the phone. They were very helpful in processing the return transaction, and I greatly appreciate their professional attitude.
Very fast, elegant, smart, fits well in the hand (I have big hands). The camera is fast and the pictures look great. The pen is a great accesory.
It is simple and reliable I'm so happy to have it definitely it has met my values. This product is the best
This was bought for one of my friends , having owned this phone personally for 6 months I cannot fault it dont mess with the best
Great product. .luv it
Good
El mejor telefono que he tenido en mis manos... buen tamaño. Mucha velocidad, nunca se pone lento.
Awesome
It's good
Best phablet until now... I have had all the galaxy notes since the first version, nothing bad to say about the phone, great for mobile gaming, and photography purposes. My next phone will be the note 4...
Excellent
Great buy. I live in Trinidad so this phone works here. One thing to note though which I don't remember seeing in the description this phone uses a micro sim so you will need to ask your network carrier to transfer your number to a micro sim. I am on the Bmobile network so I just went in to the front office and requested same it only cost TT $25 to have it done. I am really pleased with my new phone.
It the best.
This phone is the best,hands down,i say its compared to none,not even the so called iphone 5s unless you have been sold a fake product.Great!!!.
I bought it as a gift for my mom and she likes it very much. The phone works excellently in China.
I love it, though requires tutorials to use at full potential. Once I have watched all the toutube bideos, i should be up and running.
Very good product and works perfect, only one minor comment. Everything is with configuration in french, you only need to change for you own, but including the energy is for Europe with an adaptation.Recommended.
Great peace of smartphone!
bueno
I love it
Excelente
At first I was going to return it because there was a glitch but it went away. Working well!!!
It's a good phone
Great phone; fully satisfied!
Excelent...
Still using it. 😇
I love this phone to death! I've always been a Samsung fun anyway........has met my expectations and that's all I can say
Your services are very good, but the way the item was advertised I thought seen the cover (phone protector) of the phone just beside it, only to found that it was actually the back of the phone. So I was surprised to receive only the phone; no memory card, no screen protector. Otherwise the phone is good. Allow me to ask one question. How important is to have an anti-virus on the phone?
No complaints. Came in box with all the parts. Totally awesome.Battery life was a little less than I expected. But frankly, this phone is beastly. Of course it needs a lot of battery. I have about 80% battery when I get home with regular (not heavy) use.
Finally I got my brand new cellphone, it cames with all the things that were in the post. It works perfect. The best thing that corean's people can do.
The device stucks at some points, and a battery doesn't hold as long as expected. Dependind on how I use it, i have to charge the phone twice in 24h. Besides those things, it does a lot of stuff that surprised me!
Phone met my expectations. The resolution is exceptional and beginning to add the accessories. Very happy with this phone
Great phone; fully satisfied!
Excelent...
No complaints. Came in box with all the parts. Totally awesome.Battery life was a little less than I expected. But frankly, this phone is beastly. Of course it needs a lot of battery. I have about 80% battery when I get home with regular (not heavy) use.
Finally I got my brand new cellphone, it cames with all the things that were in the post. It works perfect. The best thing that corean's people can do.
I like my phone but it keeps getting messed up from techs and macafee that I had to pay to get it fixed but this is my dream phone
Best phone ever this phone is my baby love it very very very very very much
Hi this is yonatan I bay this mobile & I tray to use my sim card but not working. So I wont unlock code .if I didn't gotit I return the item thanks.
Awesome¡!!!!! Received my order before delivery date also!!
Arrived earlier then expected. Absolutely on love with this phone!!!!!!!
Okay, so I received my phone today after two day shipping. I have to be completely honest, for a used phone its a pretty awesome phone. My phone has no cracks dents or any sign of it being used. It did come with a wall charger. I ordered me a phone case now I'm just waiting on that. Overall this has been a big change for me in phones I was using galaxy s3 and the screen is soo much bigger I love it. I would definitely recommend buying this phone. No issues so far with my awesome phone, will update in a month. Thanks.
This is a great phone. So far it works well... knock on wood LoL
Superb Phone. Galaxy note 3 can make you happy in so many ways.
Bought the phone for my husband. Came quicker than I expected and in great condition. Works great
I love my new phone. Brand new, in an unopened box just as discredit.
The first one I got crashed in a couple of weeks and I returned it for another, a refund was not offered. I just got the replacement 3 days ago and it seems to be fine. With this version of the note, one of favorite features is missing. I can't speak to have a picture taken.
The real deal got this one brand new with accessories to replace my T-mobile Note 3 I broke couple of weeks cell is legit!Stay away from those Ebay knockoffs talk bit about brand new but they come in bundle packages stay away from those cell phones made in Taiwan no good they are replicas with bad service. This cell the truth!
Simply Excellent
Phone was perfect except a couple minor chips along the rim and side of the phone but other wise the phone is perfect.
it does everything it does and its a great t-mobile phone for ting! i got a used phone but im surprised it still had warranty on it. the 2 things were broken were the mic and sd card slot. Samsung ended up replacing the whole phone for a new phone because damages were not repairable.
Great Phone
I like The Phone It works great
Great buy. I bought this as a back up and it is still working perfectly
works just fine with metroPCS, picks up 4gLTE no problem. no configuration was needed (apn settings were already there), just had to call metro with the IMEI and register it on their network
As advertised. Works with 4G network. Comes preloaded with AT&T apps, but works with Tmobile, which I use. Brand new in shrink wrap. Has battery, earphones and fast charger cord. I simply took my sim card out of my old phone, put it in this phone and could use new phone immediately. Google automatically downloaded the apps and info from my old phone since I use Google to backup my info. But I did have to manually download my pics and videos to my desktop and then, from there onto my new phone via the usb charger chord. (I don't know why Google didn't transfer those)
Everything was great except the fact it was an AT&T phone. Alot of the apps where AT&T
Perfect
Bought this to replace my HTC one m7, and I'm loving it! The phone works great, has a little scratching on the edges but I was expecting that. The screen is the perfect size for me, though it does make it hard to find a VR headset that it will fit in. All in all I'm glad I bought it, great phone great price!
Just got my phone yesterday this phone is awesome and a steal for the price. Love it. Also works just fine.
great phone
Great phone...looks exactly like the seller said...perfect with few dings and light use.
If you're like me and you want a phablet then the Note is the phone for you. It has a crystal clear display, great camera and awesome processing speeds.
Was very pleased with the phone and the fast shipping. Just love it. Thank you.
Good phone love it no problem. If you have t mobile u better off going through them buying so u get head set and good charger. The charger they send doesn't make the batt last long. U need a Samsung charger
I was skeptical at first about buying this. But to my amazement, it's really good. Mine came earlier than it said. It is upgradable to android 5.0 and works brilliant on it.
Certainly a big cut-above the no-name brand Android phones I had been using in the past.
Tmobile version of the note 3 is the best. You get 4G plus LTE in the same time, it is the only version in the US that such property.I think it doesn't matter weather your hand is large or small, it only takes several days till you get used to the note 3. My hands are small, I regreted buying this phone in the firsrt couple days, but after a while I loved the phone and everything in it.
It was a little more beat up than the picture showed. It does work fine on the other hand :)
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
Love itGreat for all my work and business needs
Good phone. Used for about a month now, can't seem to find any issues. Great seller. A+
Is great and I like it very much
The size is perfect, I've had it now for a few months and I love wifi calling (T-Mobile exclusive), SD card slot which allows me virtually unlimited movies, great camera with the quick unlock feature (lets you go from locked to taking a pic in about 2 seconds), Dropbox has a deal with Samsung apparently so I get 30gb free so all my pictures are always backed up there, and of course the best feature is the Samsung Firmware...
I just received my phone less than 12 hrs ago..i am excited that it looked brand new;not only that well packaged. also transferred sim out of old phone and it worked immediately...so this seller is cool with me..
Excellent product
My mom loves the phone
Great phone, no scratches, quick shipping, awesome experience overall!
This is a replacement phone for my grandson. He's very happy with it.
An Excellent refurbished model, like new!! A+ and I would definitely buy again from this seller.Phone works better than my last Note3!
I love this phone
Amazing phone... until you get a Note 4. ;-)
Wonderful phone. It is great.
Love it.
We have four Samsung Galaxy Note 3s in the family and I’m a power user. So I’m quite familiar with these units. This one arrived in excellent used condition. My beefs were that the stylus that it came with was not an original, too much play in the tip making it useless, necessitating a better replacement. Also, it would not connect via USB 3.0 cable at all (very frustrating) until I did a Factory Reset (as a last resort after hours of troubleshooting). I also ordered a standard Note 3 charger head (5.3 volts) for faster charging. The phone did not come with a manual or any paperwork. All is good now, but it took a bit to get there.
Only thing was stylus was broken. Phone arrived on time with some battery power. Added my Sim and I was making calls. EXCELLENT!!!
Works great very happy with my purchase....
It's in good working condition..
I love the phone, only one knick on the side but u can barely see it, will def over from this site again
Very good
It looks like brand new I love it. So far so good
Super and I mean super fast to arrive and it worked great, though I still haven't connected to the network. Will write back if I have any issues.
I got my Samsung galaxy note 3 and it was in great shape and ready to go I love it thanks for the phone it came in a box with the home charger ....great purchase........
This phone is just great, I would buy it again if I had to.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00G197Q4M/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_26
great great great i'm enjoying happy this very happy. thks.
great phone love it thanks
I have been so happy with this product.
Exactly as it was described! We loved it!
Upgraded only a couple months ago from the slow albeit still working Galaxy S2 to the contemporary Note 3. I got a nice used one. Wow, what a huge difference. The Note 3 has blistering speed, sharp screen, and loud and clear phone. Plus, I'm totally happy with Android and do not feel that I need iOS. Other factors that have been absolutely solid that play into my overall satisfaction include long battery life, great camera, quality build, and the fact that there has not been a single operational glitch or app crash. I don't have any complaints, just a happy customer.
it was long time ago, but very satisfied with the purchase
I love this phone
The phone works like its new. It was unlocked and works with all carries Like the phone alot
There is nothing about this phone that says it was previously used. No scratches, no marks, no nothing! Put in my sim, and I was good to go. Thanks! :D
Great condition, no issues.
Just got it for 24 hours. Looks new for me. Works well with T mobile and LTE.Also, OK with my old 64 G sd card.I dont know if the phone is truely a new one.I will update my review if I get any issues.
Great phone, came earlier than expected. It is unlocked and works perfectly with my T-Mobile carrier.
great
Fast shipping. Product was as advertised. Seller was great about communication. I would highly recommend. however. and i knew this before purchasing. and this is why I'm still giving it 5 stars this phone was not unlocked. no idea why but amazon grouped it with other note 3s that were unlocked. it was as simple as a $24 code. Thanks Joey. You are Recommended.
Both phones arrived quickly and were in brand new condition. After researching for a while I went with this phone since it has 4G LTE built into it (SM-N900T). Some of the Note 3's don't come with native support for 4G LTE. Impressed so far with the phone and using it over wifi only for the time being. Still awaiting my contract to end to switch carriers in August. Wife likes it for the games and it was easy to root the phone with many options listed online. The phone is very fast and with the quad core processor and 3 gigs of ram on-board. It handles any game or app thrown at it with ease. Once the phones are activated I my plan is to take out the 32gb micro SD in the current phone to double the memory (HD space) of the this phone and allow for backups prior to installing custom roms. All in all I think this phone is a great phone / mobile computing option. The price is a bit steep, but since it was a birthday gift to the wife and an early one for me, it made it worth it.
This Note 3 is fast and perfect for business use. I am using it to run Credit cards remotely and customers love it.
This phone has it all.. Big screen for my big hands, amazing camera quality, GREAT battery life, and customization. I really don't get the FanBoys and Girls that swear that their 3.5in phone and subpar features are better. Especially since you get a bigger screen, better cpu, more ram all while the price for both iphone and android phones are the same. You get more tech for your money with Samsung. What's worse, is that when apple comes out with bigger screens, theres gonna be more of a fan club over a subpar phone. I own both kinds of phones and tablets (IOS and ANDROID) And hands down, I would choose android over and over again. To be exact, I would choose Samsung over and over again. I can go on and on about this but nowadays its more about preference than anything else. ANYWAY...Pair this phone with the Galaxy watch and it's a tech junkies heaven.The speed of the CPU makes multitasking and getting things done a breeze. SO quick. Apps launch faster than ever and I would say that the amount of ram this has, helps in that feat. There is no lag or latency that i can see when ever i open apps or the camera.The battery, will last me a full day with moderate to heavy use of the camera, social networks, texting, phone calls, emails, and whatever else this phone has. This is amazing because since the display is a monster, you would think the battery life would suck.The display is breathtaking. All those blacks and colors makes any HD photo look so crisp and clean.The SView is great. I love being able to take photos, jot down to do lists or notes, or play music all while the s view gives me the time of day, date, weather, and the amount of steps i took that day.For all you selfie prodigies, the front camera is heaven. 2 megapixels? seems like its at least 5. So clean and clear.The back camera and the Features it has? just wow. You won't actually know until you try it.Most of my phones are rooted and have custom OSes. Most of the androids I owned before were great but i knew it could make it better. This phone is at it's best. I won't need to root or change the OS becuase this phone is already a beast.Another plus is that many tech people, Cnet, all those big names say that this phone is future proofed. They say that this phone can last for 3-4 years and will still be able to compete with the newer phones in the future. This is the best bang for your buck. Try it out. I love Android and Samsung. I started with iphone and now i have seen the light with samsung.
Quad core and does multi-window multitasking. This replaced a note II. Large screen. 32 gig rom and put 64 gig sd card in it. Does everything a small computer can.
AWESOME! BOYFRIEND LOVES IT.
I love it
Many features did not work on straight talk and pictures are always upside down. Okay for the price. Phone was in good condition and is as represented by seller. I did my homework too about the types of phone operating systems that would work on Straight Talk.
Good phone, but I actually like the prior generation more it feels more like a phone/tablet and has a wider screen , but this phone is good and more convent to carry around
My phone was sold by "Cellular Gallery Inc," so I can't speak for anyone else. Bought a used Note 3 in perfect cosmetic condition. Updated it to android 5.0 without any problems. The phone came earlier than expected, but wasn't delivered because it was a different mail carrier. Like all phones, it immediately went into a case with a screen protector. It won't see the air unless something goes wrong. Fingers crossed. If I run into any problems, I'll update this review, but hey, 5 stars for sure.
Great Device Great price
S Galaxy Note3 presently working Excelllent
Perfectly described! The only thing wrong with it, was there was a couple dings on the corner of the phone. Works perfectly fine and used it with the Straight Talk Bring your own phone package. Exactly what I wanted. It even came in before the delivery date! Thank you!!!
Great shape. Samsung installed a lot of bloatware, some of which is only in Korean. Switched to Syanogen.
I absolutely love my cellphone!!!!!!! It's so easy to understand and use. The camera is fantastic! The only thing I'll say is it's super skinny u must have a durable case to not hurt it! It's fast and web browsing is so easy to save all ur fav sites! Buy it bc it's so worth the price paid!
Happy with the product
Love it!!!
My daughter picked the phone out and she loves it♡♡♡♡♡Thank you
As far as the product it was satifactory... However, on the title it stated as unlocked. It wasn't unlocked and therefore i had to pay about $40 extra to have it unlocked.
Love it thanks
Honestly , so happy with this purchase. Thought the size of the phone would bother me, but after using it for a while i just got used to it. Its such an amazing phone & it came right on the date it stated
Excellent purchase!!!!!
the note three was great looking. Delivery was very fast. I would recommend for anyone. great seller.
I ordered two unlocked at&t galaxy note 3 devices. One for me and one for my husband. Definitely worth it. I was able to enter all the info and compatible sim cards to transfer these to net10 no contract phones. Everything worked (internet, sms messages, texts... ) on both phones. This is the best upgrade ever and very worthwhile. Much faster than our old phones, plenty of case options on the internet, highly customizable, and finally a big enough screen to read on. I use mine to do my college internet assignments on and I love that I can annotate by hand with the s-pen. Shipped fast, was in the original box like promised, pristine condition on both (though you could clearly tell they'd been opened before).Had an extra item that I'd asked be included special, that was missing but when I contacted the seller they responded fast and got the requested item, that they'd originally agreed to send, sent to me very fast and at no extra cost.
Great Phone and it works with metro pcs too.
Very happy with the phone.
best phone I owned..very happy with this one
Very satisfied, if I didn't know better I would have thought it was brand new. Works perfectly and it was just as described.
THE BEST EVER.
Works Perfectly! Fast and Full of Features, Beautiful Resolution and I Love the abundance of Memory space, I have a 32 Gig SD Card added so I'm NEVER low on Memory.
I give it an outstanding across the board
The phone is good. No defects, and seems to be in great shape. Only problem I see is that the wrong charger was sent with the phone. The charger works, but takes a good 10 hours to completely charge the phone. If a factory charger had been sent, it would have changed within 3 hours. That is my only issue with what I received with this product.
Great phone so far!
It's all that and more Very Good phone!!!!!
I love my phone thank you .from now I shop from this store they have really good quality the phone is great just the adapter is not originall but it's ok I like it .thank you again
Great products!
The product is above my expectations....very clean no scratches.. was UNLOCKED as stated. Seller has Excellent communication when I had queries. By far an overall good experience
Just what I needed.
I was a Note2 user for many years. Ordered this Note3 for an replacement upgrade. This phone works really well with very fast data rate with LTE service.
I'm a big fan of the features. However, if I put the phone in my pocket upside down, it will randomly restart.From what I have read, this could be an sd card or SIM card issue. But i'd rather sacrifice my convenience to hold onto the phone and stay connected.
Love the display size. With a sturdy drop-protecting case, it is heavier and bulkier than the usual small phone but it is well worth having a phone that can double as a tablet. Easy to use. Love the camera. Works well on my Consumer Cellular service (which uses the AT&T network). Did have to make a few calls and experiment a little to get the right APN settings but once that was resolved, it works perfectly.
Fast, great shape, thank you!!!!
Best phone ever! I would recommend anyone who is having second thoughts to buy this phone without hesitation. You won't be disappointed the Samsung galaxy note 3 rise beyond my expectations!!!! Wow is all I can say.
Almost Half the price as buying it from a store. Works great with net10. Haven't had any problems.
It work perfectly fine with AT&T. I also have no problem with the 4Glte. Love! Love! Love this phone.Dose not come with manual or ear buds.
Loving the phone.
This was used and I was a little hesitant to purchase it. I am glad I did!!! It was well packaged. Got here in great time. And was well taken care of! I love the size and ease of use... I love Samsung!
Great phone... work perfectly and fast
Wonderful phone sometime it freeze up. Wish I knew that I could buy insurance on Amazon to protect my investment.
I am satisfied. ..
All expectations were met with this phone. I love the notes, but must have had the international version i bought from walmart it was aweful. Bought this from amazon as always amazon rocks. Thanks amazon as always
Great phone. Exactly what I needed for work and leisure. (Not too big. Not too small and has a stylus) It was unlocked, so I was able to use a sim card from a network provider in a different country. Just ensure the network frequency matches that of the phone.
Arrived on time. Works great!
Upgraded from an Galaxy S2. Screen has alot of real estate. Very fast, some very cool features even though you wont use all of them. S-pen is great for people on the run and need to keep quick notes or can be used as note pad as well. When using transcribe I dont have best handwriting and interpret s my text well. Would recommend. Not apple bashing but does stuff an iphone cant.
great phone love it.
Exactly what I expected
Great phone! Super fast. Great color. Son loves this phone. Great price for a non contract phone compared to what they charge at the phone stores. Was advised to get new SD card for every new phone for if to run at its best. So runs perfect.
Good value compared to Note 4 that I seriously considered buying.
Everything that I could ask for and expect.
Excellent seller will buy again.
GREAT phone, does everything my tablet can do....and more 😎😎😎
Yes it did meet my expectations very much,... Bought for a friend and he is thinking of ordering another one. :) I
Good phone thanks
Phone was received in good condition and works fine.
Great product. Have yet to check if it's unlocked yet but it's working with my AT&T sim card and it comes with Android 5.0. Everything is in it's original packaging like you would see if you purchased this cell phone new from a retail store.
is good
Very reliable phone. I would highly recommend it!
Great fone. Nice & light. But I can't get the TouchWiz Home pop-up to go away
I ordered my galaxy note 3 after using my galaxy note 2 for 2 years, it is working amazing.Very pleased about the upgrade and about quality of the phone. I got also a very secure hard casebecause in the previous one the case was very slim and it did not protected it well.
excellent
Bought used and came in perfect condition...I love it...I had to manually configure apn settings to get my LTE for t-mobile to work.
Yay a phone that works!!!
best phone I have every ownd
Meets all my expectations so far. Great buy
Delivery was very fast, Great Phone.
Great phone
Phone is awesome. .
My phone did not come with head phones.
Great deal.
Item arrived in excellent condition! I have been very pleased with this product and it actually arrived a day earlier than expected! :-)
Very nice phone. Cons: Some of the functions don't work due to being blocked by ATT apps.Lots of bloatware.A little bulkyPros:Very fast28g space for apps. no more juggling apps due to lack of space.All functions can be made to work with workarounds found by googling them.Am getting used to the bulkiness of the phone and the big screen size is great for reading and surfing the net.Overall very happy with the phone. I get 4g on my network.
Best Phone ever!!! So easy to use and being 57 years old that's saying a lot. Also easy to type as I have XL hands. So glad my old phone died.
Thanks so far so good
This phone was purchased for my son. He is extremely pleased and loves the large size. The more I look at it, the more I wonder if I shouldn't get one as well. .
Good and working great.
All functions are working. It looks good as promised. I'm having one issue with transferring data to PC. I seem to have solved that by changing a setting in the Windows usb driver for the Galaxy. But still testing to ensure it continues to work.
Product good
perfect...100% satisfied
Way better than I expected. Phone is in perfect condition and works with my carrier as promised.
This transaction went smoothly. I am satisfied. Thanks
Love it
I'm very impressed. it was delivered fast and have not had any issues.
There's a point where products like the note 3 and the note 4 are not really different. Design is almost the same, performance and screen quality, even battery life are really similar. So I decided to go with the note 3 obviously thinking also in the price difference. There was really the big difference between de devices. Don't get me wrong, I am a tech fan, I appreciate the little details, but thinking about functionality, for me, there was no big differences between this two.
I really like my samsung galaxy note 3, my new phone is fast a lot of properties you can do lot of things its fantastic looks like note 4 the camera is great.
I love this phone it is the best phone that I have so far. I love using air command and the S-pen. GREAT, GREAT Phone. It came unlocked just like it said and I did not have any problems setting it up with T-Mobile. I am glad I got it.
Perfect
That was perfect
tank you very much I like the phone
This phone arrived in excellent condition and has been a great phone all around. I love the big screen and am surprised at how well it fits into my ladies' size pockets. Don't think I could ever go back to a smaller screen!
was very good
Great phone. Came as promised, brand new in box with all accessories, and unlocked.
It's great
good
Great phone. Still learning how to to use all the wonderful features.
Everything was good.
Purchased on May 23. 2015 came on May 25, 2015. Phone works great. Bought from Open Group Wireless, New Unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Has Good battery life. Use on Straight Talk. Use my own sim card.
Love it!!!
Love, love, love my new Note 3 phone. Works great plus a good price.....just so happy!
exellent
I love this phone period.
Excellent
Great phone.
Excellent phone! I don't have problem I love :)
Been using since June of 2015 and its absolutely fantastic. For the money you spend its worth its value.
Wide screen, able to use it in India as well with 4G, sleek and completely fits it description
great phone
Phone came just as advertised and looked great!! Very happy with the product and it worked right out of the box in another country. I can easily recommend this compay!!
This phone was purchased for my son. He is extremely pleased and loves the large size. The more I look at it, the more I wonder if I shouldn't get one as well. .
Loved the phone! Customer service was amazing too.
I like it, it is like brand new.
I know other peeps will have their own opinion but in my experience this is one of if not the best piece of computing hardware and software devices ever as far as phones go.The possibilities are endless with this thing. Samsung is knocking it outta the park every time they step up to bat.The Note series of phones are the best phones ever put on the market by far and I expect will continue to blow away the competition by very wide margins.Do yourself a favor and throw that piece of I-Crap in the garbage and get a real phone.
I love it. Look like new. Thanks
The home button did act up for a week where it stopped working for reason and then started up again. For no reason. A good phone
Came with a few minor scratches but the phone overall did what it was meant to. I didn't have a single scratch on the screen but had some chipped paint on the sides. The price was pretty amazing for the product though.
Love the phone, stylus, and features.It's a Note 3, nothing old about it.Still keeps up with other new phones in the market.Was in immaculate condition almost new.I sketch/draw a lot, so the Wacom digitizer was the biggest feature for me.
AWESOME! BOYFRIEND LOVES IT.
GREAT phone, does everything my tablet can do....and more 😎😎😎
Yes it did meet my expectations very much,... Bought for a friend and he is thinking of ordering another one. :) I
Good phone thanks
Phone was received in good condition and works fine.
Great product. Have yet to check if it's unlocked yet but it's working with my AT&T sim card and it comes with Android 5.0. Everything is in it's original packaging like you would see if you purchased this cell phone new from a retail store.
Good
A little slow compared to my previous phones.
Good product!
I love this phone. I do everything on it school, gaming, schedule, ect. I expecially love the S-pen no more clunky stylists for me
Good
A little slow compared to my previous phones.
Good product!
I love this phone. I do everything on it school, gaming, schedule, ect. I expecially love the S-pen no more clunky stylists for me
I love this phone
Great phone am loving it
since I go it two months ago has left me good recommend
Good very good...
Love it
it arrive earlier than I expected. that was great. the phone itself work fine. the only problem is the phone feel cheap on my hand. I was concerned about the box it came in. the seal was broken.
It is fantastic. Delivery was very much in time for my sister's birthday. Thank you so much for that. Checked with my sister,-- she loves it very much. Enjoying all the features. Also ordered all the accessories of the Note . Everything is wonderful. Thank you so much.
i was not quite sure if it will meet my standard but yes it does and its nice
loving it...unexpected flavor of using it ,,,,fast deliveryy....
Excellent choice. It's the best smartphone in the world :-)
It is good, but a bit smaller than Galaxy note 3.
Excellent
I love iit
The phone does not quite meet the specs of a real Note III but the price is about 1/2. You do get your money's worth as the phone up to this point works great. The 8MP camera pictures are very good as is the display. When buy a protective case or a screen protector do not purchase any of the ones for the Notes III as the "Neo" Note III is just a little smaller. The difference is hard to notice until you try and make one of the Note III accessories I mention previously to fit right. The power/data connector for the Neo is mini USB 2 or 3 and not the lighting type cable that the Note III uses. Those plus the camera are the big differences I have noticed so far but still for $350.00 I don't feel ripped off even though the price of a GD phone is just stupid anyway. I would definitely recommend purchasing this phone if you really want a Note III but can't or won't pay $600.00 to $700.00 dollars to own one. I know it is cheaper with a contract but I wanted the month to month so now I own the phone and can leave anytime. I would appreciate knowing where the items I talked about could be obtained for this phone especially the screen protector, if anyone knows. Thanks in advance.
Good product and fast shipping
match description; speedy shipping
I love this phone. It is very user frendly. It has good battery backup and size looks perfect for pocket use. Light weight and good screen size
excellent.
Works great
Love it
Thanks very good product
After Waiting a Year Following this Device on Amazon and NGP Sites, I moved on and bought a White one. I received it after 3 Days and I like it very much. I had a worry about its Geniunety, thus I installed an App. Called Genuine Galaxy to test it and it was ORIGINAL. I love the life colours of the screen and the size of it, and also I can use TWO phone lines in one device, so to be one device lighter.
For the 2g network.. signal drops intermittently. . For 3g/let works perfectly
I am only now up grading from a Blackberry to a 'really' smart phone (My poor Blackberry finally died) So for me big risk into uncertainty. This big risk netted a big return. Thanks
The two sim option is wonderful! Reason for 4 stars is price.....
Very nice phone by all standards, I only get concerned that of the 3G of RAM, I am already using 2.2GB, and I don't think the phone is fully loaded with Apps yet. Other than this, it's the best dual SIM phone yet.
It's the best phone I ever had.
Wonderful
Great
love the phone but due to our being an international phone it does not have 4g speed. Hence the reason for the 4 stars.
Got my note 4 in the mail yesterday came before it said it was going too very happy about that! Put my cricket Sim chip in and it was ready to go only thing I had to do was go down to the cricket store and have them change a pin for my mutimedia text messages! Is a Verizon phone but had no problems disabling the apps or hiding them so I don't have to mess with or see them! Phone came in a Samsung box with all the bells and whistles charger headphones! Very very very pleased with my purchase! Glad I did my research before I bought a phone and grateful this company took such great care of me!! Very happy and impressed
After a week of use these are more than I could have hoped for.
Delivered as promised, we'll taken care of like new! I love it!! Thank you.
Just like new!!!!
Great price, works great. Better than the S5 because the S5 went anti consumer and made it so you can't remove the battery or use a microsd card. This one will has those features and the specs are practically the same
I was hoping that the phone came in it's original boxing, but that wasn't the case and I am okay with that.Package was delivered on time and well secured. Came with phone completely protected, wall charger and micro USB. It was unlocked as advertised and works well with Cricket, who's my service provider. No noticeable scratches on the screen or body of phone. No connectivity issues that I've noticed at all.Overall, very pleased with sender and would order again in the future.
I loved my Galaxy Note 2, but since changing my service from Sprint to Straight Talk, I had only purchased BLU phones because of the price. While the BLU are nice, they don't last long. I wanted a Samsung again, and found one at a great price. The setup was easy, but the APN had to be updated, and THAT took a while.
Nearly new refurbished n910a, arrived on time along with new battery. Would have given 5 stars if the charger included (standard travel charger) was the adaptive fast charger that was originally included with all note 4 variants.
Love you phone looks and works like new
I have this phone Galaxy Note 4 just for 2 week, but I love it. Working fast multitasking and more. Batery holding good whole day. I bought this phone refurbished, but it''s look like new. My old phone Note 1. Working with T-Mobile. Nothing to complain. Thank you.
This phone actually came already upgraded with Android L or 5.1 which was awesome came with some T-Mobile bloatware but I have a T-Mobile chip so wasn't really that much of a problem overall a good phone
Very nice pone at a very good price. This is te third Samsung that I have ad. I love Samsung.
works great
Great customer service. Couldn't ask for better.
Love it. Only issue was it tends to heat up when using to record stuff.
Great deal.
Great phone, works perfect!
Very satisfied! Almost like new. Thanks!
Awesome! Excellent shape & worked as expected.
The phone works great.
Amazing if I knew I wouldon't get another one.. Will buy again for sure. Packaging could have little more protection so box with phone will not bounce around. Otherwise amazing
Love It. Thank You
The absolute best thing I could have ever bought my husband. He did his comparisons and this is the one he wanted. he stopped using his old cell phone about a year ago maybe longer because it was just to small. He was not willing to spend the kind of money cell phone companies want to charge for a new phone and we do not get struck in contracts with cell phone companies. We saved our money while we looked for one that he wanted and bought this one. The price is a bit high but worth the item we bought.
It work great the only problem it has is the headphone jack. It doesn't work and the speaker is fuzzy
I love the phone. My only disappointment is that I thought it was an AT&T unlocked phone. I am using it on Straight Talk. It is a T-Mobile phone. My coverage as a result of that sucks bad in my area. It is no fault of the seller or the phone, just wanted you to be aware incase you plan on using Straight Talk in a area that T-Mobile coverage sucks bc it will use the T-Mobile towers.
I love this phone! I switched from an iphone6. This phones storage is awesome. It's very fast, charges fast. The Spen has been very useful
its a great phone works great to but one problem it heats up really fast but i can live with that
Bought this for the wife who has been complaining about the cell phone she had and every cell phone she has had that I have got her or she got on her own over the past 10+ years. I was fed up with all the complaining (that was sugar coated) so I decided to get her one of the best phablet phones I know of since she has grown accustomed to phablet style phones over the past year or so.. I felt like I was taking a chance on getting some second hand phone but the phone I ordered through amazon arrived in all aspects as bran new. Not one mark or blemish on the phone, had the factory protective film on the screen with phone features printed on it, new Samsung fast charger, etc... Everything works flawlessly on the phone. The only thing that seemed odd or off was the fact that I ordered and received a N910a but the box that it came in was marked N910c. The wife is happy and I haven't heard her complain at all about the phone, only compliments.
First, the description says N910A (AT&T version) but actually what shipped was the N910T (T-Mobile version). That being said, I'm using it on AT&T so the bands are 100% compliant with AT&T's network (I get full LTE speeds), and the upside is that the N910T ships with an unlocked bootloader (for those interested in rooting and that sort of thing). I'm quite pleased with my mistake, because after some research the N910T is definitely the phone I should have been looking for.I cannot speak highly enough of the condition of the phone. I'm picky and I cannot tell it has ever been used. I feel like either the screen was protected by a screen protector or was entirely replaced; either way I cannot distinguish it from a new phone. There is not a scratch, smudge, or crack to be found.The product shipped in a non-OEM box with an OEM charger/USB cord and white Apple-looking headphones. I'm not sure if normally more tips are included for the S-Pen, but I only got the tip that came in the pen. All accessories also appeared brand new wrapped in plastic.I see some complaints of bloatware, which are valid (T-Mobile bloatware in my case) but it doesn't take much to go through and disable those apps. SD card support means I'm not worried about storage space; I have a 64GB card and most of my storage-hogging apps (i.e. Kindle and Zinio) are able to be moved to the SD card.Update: This phone is still awesome. I recommend getting a Samsung MicroSD card if you find yourself interested in the expandable storage, as I initially used a SanDisk and had lots of issues with the card unmounting and apps moved to the SD not working. I read up on some android forums and saw some people had issues with non-Samsung cards (don't ask why). I switched to Samsung 64GB EVO Class 10 Micro SDXC Card with Adapter up to 48/MB/s (MB-MP64DA/AM) and have not had a single issue in about 4-5 months of use.
Can't tell you how much I love this phone. Being technically challenged, it's very user friendly and the size is great for those of us who can't use their thumbs!
My only complaint about this phone is whether it is really unlocked or not I'm using straight talk as my current carrier right now the survive isn't on but I should at least be getting LTE when I'm or and about or connected to WiFi networks. ... I noticed that I t doesn't mention that the phone is unlocked anywhere on the box or the phone wrapping. .. people say the phone should work with straight talk , over all I would have lived to give this review five stars if I hadn't felt like I've been given a cheated product..
Awesome phone! Works great with Cricket once I put in the Cricket APN address. It is completely unlocked! I wasn't able to delete the T-Mobile apps out the phone, but I was able to disable them so I no longer have to look at them. Thanks for an awesome buy!
Very impressed with the condition of this phone. Looks practically new. T-Mobile bloat ware loaded vs AT&T...but as soon as I booted up with my simple card, automatically update to the newest version of lollipop. Couldn't do that with the unlocked AT&T Note 3 that I passed on to my spouse. Will be back.
Perfect "UNLOCKED" note 4!! Works great with Straight Talk :)
Best phone I have ever owned.
Great phone. Arrived as expected & on time.
the Best phone ever. No problem connecting to Straight Talk. Thanks
Phone was great
I was able to get it on my cricket account with no issues. I love this phone for many reasons; picture quality, ease of use, the stylus, how fast it runs. Best phone I've owned in a long time.
It works like a new one.
Phon is great. The large screen makes it great for reading or watching content. Battery life is not great at all.
Perfect conditions. The device was exactly as described. I've been using it for 4 months now and haven't had a single problem with it.
I have to admit it - my "phone" usage is seldom. I got this for its camera! And the photos look even better than I had hoped. I am completely happy with this purchase!
Bought this for my husband. He loves it. It was very easy to set up for straight talk. I don't really have anything bad to say about it. If I had to it would be that he can't use the hot spot for the internet.
birthday gift for my wife and she loves it
Worked very good.
Love my new phone
Phone arrived sooner than expected. General appearance was fine. Everything works well, except about once or twice a day I get a S-pen has been removed message when it hasn't been. Will even do it when sitting by itself. Tried many fixes but still does it. I knew this was a remanufactued phone and for the price very happy.
I really like the Note 4 for the short period of time I had it. The only reason I returned this item was because thru several attempts to get the mms feature to work , a feature I really need, I was unable to. I tried going thru Samsung Cricket & the seller and couldn't fix it. I received this phone in good physical order. It was fast to load apps and the web. Great features. Cons for me was I thought I was getting a gsm AT & T phone but it was Tmobile. Not sure if that's the issue or not. I couldn't really disable the apps. The phone itself is good but I returned it for a full refund & have ordered a different note4. Cons...Amazon.com super fast refund and easy returns. They never disappoint me and deliver just what they promise!!! I'm satified overall!!
Great product, works perfectly I would recommend it 100%.
listed as unlocked it was. showed up rapidly. condition looks brand new. I love it thank you
Absolutely SUPER phone and great deal. The Customer Service secured me as a future customer for additional phones.
Received quickly as promised. AT&T unlocked version as advertised! No problems so far after a week of use! If problems occur I will update!
Very satisfied. Excelent device in perfect conditions.
Best investment of the year
thought outdated, still quite powerful and useful. the note grate value is the stylus that can be used for drawing and writing.
I LOVE MY NEW SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 4 PHONE
Arrived just like new. All works, unlocked very pleased
More than what I expected/ Great phone and everything else... I would buy it again in a heartbeat.
Everything is good except the back can't close tight.
Good buy.
This phone works great for straight talk!!Update* I still absolutely love this phone! I have awesome service everywhere I go (I had problems with this when I had an actual straight talk phone).
For a refurby phone it works awesome. I like the color, feel, and the features. Great phone.
Arrived BRAND new in the box with all packaging in tact.
I like the product.
The phone is very good i like it
Great Phone.
Yes this cell met my expectations!!!
This is a great phone. My first real smartphone. One thing though... they don't give you the option to turn off mobile data. It's strange. We had to google for a fix, found one and that was how we added it to the main menu at the top. S o now we can turn on and off mobile as well as wireless. Very happy with the phone otherwise. One thing though... i'm taking off 1 star because the batteries on these phones are way too small. These phones will only operate 6 or 7 hours... on 1 charge... and that's with most features turned off, brightness low and energy savings modes.
So far so good.
I brought this phone after having to return my other note 4 to another authorized seller 'Bluetek USA' because phone had black screen and did not work. I got this phone faster than expected and phone works great. I'm using it now to write review. No complaints and phone preforms as expected.
I thought it was Brand New......Thats how good it looks....
I got this note 4 for my 13 year old granddaughter and she is enjoying it
Exactly what I ordered. Works beautifully!
Great phone
Battery won't charge over 70% most days, probably the original battery though, do replacing it would most likely fix that. This is a refurbished model so it's to be expected. I don't use the S pen that often, but it's useful for when I'm working with gloves on or if I have greasy fingers and don't have time to wipe them off to take a call. I think the Note series has more to offer than the S pen in terms of functionality and computing power, and especially image quality. It's a great phone if you like a big screen and big "buttons". If you watch Netflix on your phone, this one would definitely be a good choice, because it's big and it has a lightning fast processor unit. But be warned, if your internet speed sucks, there's nothing a fast processor can do about that. I would give it give stars if the thumb scanner was more up to date like the Note 5 thumb scanner, but it works okay for a last gen phone. I registered all three possible prints under my one thumb and it scans accurately about 75% of the time. Slightly annoying but not a big deal. Also the speaker is oddly placed on the back. The Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 had then on the bottom of the device on either side of the charge port, which was ideal if you want to set you phone down and watch a video because the sound wouldn't be muffled. It would be great if this phone had that feature, but again, not a big deal. Great thing about Samsung/Android products is that you have total control over your files. No Apple iTunes exclusive BS! My friend at work has the Note5, and we both agree that if you want this phone there isn't much difference between the two. When it comes down to it, they're essentially the same. Just pick which one looks better to you aesthetically, because the difference in performance is minimal at the most noticeable tasks, such as the finger print scanner. My biggest issue was the battery, but like I said, that's not a product issue so much as it is a used and refurbished phone with an old battery that just needs to be replaced after a year or more's continuous use.
Great phone
Like the note 4
Awesome phone. I love it
Very pleased with the buy. Was a refurbished unit but I Couldn't tell it was not new. Very good phone, solid and so far no issues.
Very nice phone...great quality..
This phone have problem with wifi, sometimes it can't join or start wifi and you have to turn off, remove battery, wait for a couple minutes and then turn on and work fine.
Very satisfied with my note 4 in every aspect
I love my Samsung Galaxy Note 4 it's,so much faster than my old phone (I-phone 4) . I' m having fun with all the features and the camera is wonderful. along with a 64GB card I have all the storage I need too.
OK, I got mine like 5 days ago and I was not hoping to get a good phone, but amasingly my first impression was it's look like new.Truly it's an unloked Verizon phone, but, who cares!. I deactivate Verizon Software and install all my apps and until now works great.I have to charge the phone like 2 times a day, but I use it almost all time on. I think for someone who doesn't use the phone this way will last like 24 hours but I can't say it.The phone is fast, the Samsung note software and the s-pen great to make notes, screen captures, and to draw in it (the reason I got this).So let's wait some time and I will tell you how it's going till now I'm happy
Best investment I have made all year. The screen is superb for the price, the stylus is used all the time, the phone itself is reliable, and it just worth all the money I spent for it ($400). Highly recommended for any looking for a starter phone with a budget. The cameras are good, it feels comfortable in my hand (I do have big hands though); no complaints whatsoever. The galaxy note 4 is legit good, and even comes with space for a micro SD card to add more memory (which I have used for apps, games, etc.).
I love it. Works perfect! Way bigger than my S5! Thanks a million!
This is a great phone! There is only one draw back if you are a T-Mobile customer and you need to use wifi calling in the apartment that you live in. I get very poor reception in my apartment and I had relied on wifi calling with my old Samsung phone. This is an AT&T phone and wifi calling can not be enabled. I have downloaded Hangouts Dialer for my out going calls but incoming is a problem. The phone came in great shape and works beautifully. It looks brand new.
Such a beautiful phone! 100% happy with my purchase. The fingerprint sensor doesnt work, but that is the only thing that I found wrong with my refurbished phone. But I can live without the fingerprint scanner.
Brand new
I really like the Note 4 for the short period of time I had it. The only reason I returned this item was because thru several attempts to get the mms feature to work , a feature I really need, I was unable to. I tried going thru Samsung Cricket & the seller and couldn't fix it. I received this phone in good physical order. It was fast to load apps and the web. Great features. Cons for me was I thought I was getting a gsm AT & T phone but it was Tmobile. Not sure if that's the issue or not. I couldn't really disable the apps. The phone itself is good but I returned it for a full refund & have ordered a different note4. Cons...Amazon.com super fast refund and easy returns. They never disappoint me and deliver just what they promise!!! I'm satified overall!!
Great product, works perfectly I would recommend it 100%.
listed as unlocked it was. showed up rapidly. condition looks brand new. I love it thank you
Very satisfied. Excelent device in perfect conditions.
Everything is good except the back can't close tight.
Good buy.
This phone works great for straight talk!!Update* I still absolutely love this phone! I have awesome service everywhere I go (I had problems with this when I had an actual straight talk phone).
For a refurby phone it works awesome. I like the color, feel, and the features. Great phone.
Arrived BRAND new in the box with all packaging in tact.
I like the product.
The phone is very good i like it
Great Phone.
I was able to get it on my cricket account with no issues. I love this phone for many reasons; picture quality, ease of use, the stylus, how fast it runs. Best phone I've owned in a long time.
It works like a new one.
thought outdated, still quite powerful and useful. the note grate value is the stylus that can be used for drawing and writing.
I LOVE MY NEW SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 4 PHONE
Arrived just like new. All works, unlocked very pleased
More than what I expected/ Great phone and everything else... I would buy it again in a heartbeat.
Great deal.
Great phone, works perfect!
Very satisfied! Almost like new. Thanks!
Awesome! Excellent shape & worked as expected.
The phone works great.
Amazing if I knew I wouldon't get another one.. Will buy again for sure. Packaging could have little more protection so box with phone will not bounce around. Otherwise amazing
Exactly what I ordered. Works beautifully!
Great phone
Battery won't charge over 70% most days, probably the original battery though, do replacing it would most likely fix that. This is a refurbished model so it's to be expected. I don't use the S pen that often, but it's useful for when I'm working with gloves on or if I have greasy fingers and don't have time to wipe them off to take a call. I think the Note series has more to offer than the S pen in terms of functionality and computing power, and especially image quality. It's a great phone if you like a big screen and big "buttons". If you watch Netflix on your phone, this one would definitely be a good choice, because it's big and it has a lightning fast processor unit. But be warned, if your internet speed sucks, there's nothing a fast processor can do about that. I would give it give stars if the thumb scanner was more up to date like the Note 5 thumb scanner, but it works okay for a last gen phone. I registered all three possible prints under my one thumb and it scans accurately about 75% of the time. Slightly annoying but not a big deal. Also the speaker is oddly placed on the back. The Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 had then on the bottom of the device on either side of the charge port, which was ideal if you want to set you phone down and watch a video because the sound wouldn't be muffled. It would be great if this phone had that feature, but again, not a big deal. Great thing about Samsung/Android products is that you have total control over your files. No Apple iTunes exclusive BS! My friend at work has the Note5, and we both agree that if you want this phone there isn't much difference between the two. When it comes down to it, they're essentially the same. Just pick which one looks better to you aesthetically, because the difference in performance is minimal at the most noticeable tasks, such as the finger print scanner. My biggest issue was the battery, but like I said, that's not a product issue so much as it is a used and refurbished phone with an old battery that just needs to be replaced after a year or more's continuous use.
Great phone
Like the note 4
Awesome phone. I love it
Very pleased with the buy. Was a refurbished unit but I Couldn't tell it was not new. Very good phone, solid and so far no issues.
Very nice phone...great quality..
Love It. Thank You
The absolute best thing I could have ever bought my husband. He did his comparisons and this is the one he wanted. he stopped using his old cell phone about a year ago maybe longer because it was just to small. He was not willing to spend the kind of money cell phone companies want to charge for a new phone and we do not get struck in contracts with cell phone companies. We saved our money while we looked for one that he wanted and bought this one. The price is a bit high but worth the item we bought.
It work great the only problem it has is the headphone jack. It doesn't work and the speaker is fuzzy
I love the phone. My only disappointment is that I thought it was an AT&T unlocked phone. I am using it on Straight Talk. It is a T-Mobile phone. My coverage as a result of that sucks bad in my area. It is no fault of the seller or the phone, just wanted you to be aware incase you plan on using Straight Talk in a area that T-Mobile coverage sucks bc it will use the T-Mobile towers.
I love this phone! I switched from an iphone6. This phones storage is awesome. It's very fast, charges fast. The Spen has been very useful
its a great phone works great to but one problem it heats up really fast but i can live with that
Bought this for the wife who has been complaining about the cell phone she had and every cell phone she has had that I have got her or she got on her own over the past 10+ years. I was fed up with all the complaining (that was sugar coated) so I decided to get her one of the best phablet phones I know of since she has grown accustomed to phablet style phones over the past year or so.. I felt like I was taking a chance on getting some second hand phone but the phone I ordered through amazon arrived in all aspects as bran new. Not one mark or blemish on the phone, had the factory protective film on the screen with phone features printed on it, new Samsung fast charger, etc... Everything works flawlessly on the phone. The only thing that seemed odd or off was the fact that I ordered and received a N910a but the box that it came in was marked N910c. The wife is happy and I haven't heard her complain at all about the phone, only compliments.
This is a great phone. My first real smartphone. One thing though... they don't give you the option to turn off mobile data. It's strange. We had to google for a fix, found one and that was how we added it to the main menu at the top. S o now we can turn on and off mobile as well as wireless. Very happy with the phone otherwise. One thing though... i'm taking off 1 star because the batteries on these phones are way too small. These phones will only operate 6 or 7 hours... on 1 charge... and that's with most features turned off, brightness low and energy savings modes.
So far so good.
I brought this phone after having to return my other note 4 to another authorized seller 'Bluetek USA' because phone had black screen and did not work. I got this phone faster than expected and phone works great. I'm using it now to write review. No complaints and phone preforms as expected.
I thought it was Brand New......Thats how good it looks....
I got this note 4 for my 13 year old granddaughter and she is enjoying it
This phone have problem with wifi, sometimes it can't join or start wifi and you have to turn off, remove battery, wait for a couple minutes and then turn on and work fine.
Very satisfied with my note 4 in every aspect
I love my Samsung Galaxy Note 4 it's,so much faster than my old phone (I-phone 4) . I' m having fun with all the features and the camera is wonderful. along with a 64GB card I have all the storage I need too.
OK, I got mine like 5 days ago and I was not hoping to get a good phone, but amasingly my first impression was it's look like new.Truly it's an unloked Verizon phone, but, who cares!. I deactivate Verizon Software and install all my apps and until now works great.I have to charge the phone like 2 times a day, but I use it almost all time on. I think for someone who doesn't use the phone this way will last like 24 hours but I can't say it.The phone is fast, the Samsung note software and the s-pen great to make notes, screen captures, and to draw in it (the reason I got this).So let's wait some time and I will tell you how it's going till now I'm happy
Best investment I have made all year. The screen is superb for the price, the stylus is used all the time, the phone itself is reliable, and it just worth all the money I spent for it ($400). Highly recommended for any looking for a starter phone with a budget. The cameras are good, it feels comfortable in my hand (I do have big hands though); no complaints whatsoever. The galaxy note 4 is legit good, and even comes with space for a micro SD card to add more memory (which I have used for apps, games, etc.).
I love it. Works perfect! Way bigger than my S5! Thanks a million!
the Best phone ever. No problem connecting to Straight Talk. Thanks
Phone was great
First, the description says N910A (AT&T version) but actually what shipped was the N910T (T-Mobile version). That being said, I'm using it on AT&T so the bands are 100% compliant with AT&T's network (I get full LTE speeds), and the upside is that the N910T ships with an unlocked bootloader (for those interested in rooting and that sort of thing). I'm quite pleased with my mistake, because after some research the N910T is definitely the phone I should have been looking for.I cannot speak highly enough of the condition of the phone. I'm picky and I cannot tell it has ever been used. I feel like either the screen was protected by a screen protector or was entirely replaced; either way I cannot distinguish it from a new phone. There is not a scratch, smudge, or crack to be found.The product shipped in a non-OEM box with an OEM charger/USB cord and white Apple-looking headphones. I'm not sure if normally more tips are included for the S-Pen, but I only got the tip that came in the pen. All accessories also appeared brand new wrapped in plastic.I see some complaints of bloatware, which are valid (T-Mobile bloatware in my case) but it doesn't take much to go through and disable those apps. SD card support means I'm not worried about storage space; I have a 64GB card and most of my storage-hogging apps (i.e. Kindle and Zinio) are able to be moved to the SD card.Update: This phone is still awesome. I recommend getting a Samsung MicroSD card if you find yourself interested in the expandable storage, as I initially used a SanDisk and had lots of issues with the card unmounting and apps moved to the SD not working. I read up on some android forums and saw some people had issues with non-Samsung cards (don't ask why). I switched to Samsung 64GB EVO Class 10 Micro SDXC Card with Adapter up to 48/MB/s (MB-MP64DA/AM) and have not had a single issue in about 4-5 months of use.
Can't tell you how much I love this phone. Being technically challenged, it's very user friendly and the size is great for those of us who can't use their thumbs!
My only complaint about this phone is whether it is really unlocked or not I'm using straight talk as my current carrier right now the survive isn't on but I should at least be getting LTE when I'm or and about or connected to WiFi networks. ... I noticed that I t doesn't mention that the phone is unlocked anywhere on the box or the phone wrapping. .. people say the phone should work with straight talk , over all I would have lived to give this review five stars if I hadn't felt like I've been given a cheated product..
Awesome phone! Works great with Cricket once I put in the Cricket APN address. It is completely unlocked! I wasn't able to delete the T-Mobile apps out the phone, but I was able to disable them so I no longer have to look at them. Thanks for an awesome buy!
Very impressed with the condition of this phone. Looks practically new. T-Mobile bloat ware loaded vs AT&T...but as soon as I booted up with my simple card, automatically update to the newest version of lollipop. Couldn't do that with the unlocked AT&T Note 3 that I passed on to my spouse. Will be back.
Perfect "UNLOCKED" note 4!! Works great with Straight Talk :)
Best phone I have ever owned.
Great phone. Arrived as expected & on time.
works great
Great customer service. Couldn't ask for better.
Love it. Only issue was it tends to heat up when using to record stuff.
I really like the Note 4 for the short period of time I had it. The only reason I returned this item was because thru several attempts to get the mms feature to work , a feature I really need, I was unable to. I tried going thru Samsung Cricket & the seller and couldn't fix it. I received this phone in good physical order. It was fast to load apps and the web. Great features. Cons for me was I thought I was getting a gsm AT & T phone but it was Tmobile. Not sure if that's the issue or not. I couldn't really disable the apps. The phone itself is good but I returned it for a full refund & have ordered a different note4. Cons...Amazon.com super fast refund and easy returns. They never disappoint me and deliver just what they promise!!! I'm satified overall!!
Great product, works perfectly I would recommend it 100%.
listed as unlocked it was. showed up rapidly. condition looks brand new. I love it thank you
Absolutely SUPER phone and great deal. The Customer Service secured me as a future customer for additional phones.
Received quickly as promised. AT&T unlocked version as advertised! No problems so far after a week of use! If problems occur I will update!
Very satisfied. Excelent device in perfect conditions.
Best investment of the year
Got my note 4 in the mail yesterday came before it said it was going too very happy about that! Put my cricket Sim chip in and it was ready to go only thing I had to do was go down to the cricket store and have them change a pin for my mutimedia text messages! Is a Verizon phone but had no problems disabling the apps or hiding them so I don't have to mess with or see them! Phone came in a Samsung box with all the bells and whistles charger headphones! Very very very pleased with my purchase! Glad I did my research before I bought a phone and grateful this company took such great care of me!! Very happy and impressed
After a week of use these are more than I could have hoped for.
Delivered as promised, we'll taken care of like new! I love it!! Thank you.
Just like new!!!!
Great price, works great. Better than the S5 because the S5 went anti consumer and made it so you can't remove the battery or use a microsd card. This one will has those features and the specs are practically the same
I was hoping that the phone came in it's original boxing, but that wasn't the case and I am okay with that.Package was delivered on time and well secured. Came with phone completely protected, wall charger and micro USB. It was unlocked as advertised and works well with Cricket, who's my service provider. No noticeable scratches on the screen or body of phone. No connectivity issues that I've noticed at all.Overall, very pleased with sender and would order again in the future.
I loved my Galaxy Note 2, but since changing my service from Sprint to Straight Talk, I had only purchased BLU phones because of the price. While the BLU are nice, they don't last long. I wanted a Samsung again, and found one at a great price. The setup was easy, but the APN had to be updated, and THAT took a while.
Nearly new refurbished n910a, arrived on time along with new battery. Would have given 5 stars if the charger included (standard travel charger) was the adaptive fast charger that was originally included with all note 4 variants.
Everything is good except the back can't close tight.
Good buy.
This phone works great for straight talk!!Update* I still absolutely love this phone! I have awesome service everywhere I go (I had problems with this when I had an actual straight talk phone).
For a refurby phone it works awesome. I like the color, feel, and the features. Great phone.
Arrived BRAND new in the box with all packaging in tact.
I like the product.
The phone is very good i like it
Great Phone.
Yes this cell met my expectations!!!
Love my new phone
Phone arrived sooner than expected. General appearance was fine. Everything works well, except about once or twice a day I get a S-pen has been removed message when it hasn't been. Will even do it when sitting by itself. Tried many fixes but still does it. I knew this was a remanufactued phone and for the price very happy.
I was able to get it on my cricket account with no issues. I love this phone for many reasons; picture quality, ease of use, the stylus, how fast it runs. Best phone I've owned in a long time.
It works like a new one.
Love you phone looks and works like new
I have this phone Galaxy Note 4 just for 2 week, but I love it. Working fast multitasking and more. Batery holding good whole day. I bought this phone refurbished, but it''s look like new. My old phone Note 1. Working with T-Mobile. Nothing to complain. Thank you.
This phone actually came already upgraded with Android L or 5.1 which was awesome came with some T-Mobile bloatware but I have a T-Mobile chip so wasn't really that much of a problem overall a good phone
Very nice pone at a very good price. This is te third Samsung that I have ad. I love Samsung.
Phon is great. The large screen makes it great for reading or watching content. Battery life is not great at all.
Perfect conditions. The device was exactly as described. I've been using it for 4 months now and haven't had a single problem with it.
I have to admit it - my "phone" usage is seldom. I got this for its camera! And the photos look even better than I had hoped. I am completely happy with this purchase!
Bought this for my husband. He loves it. It was very easy to set up for straight talk. I don't really have anything bad to say about it. If I had to it would be that he can't use the hot spot for the internet.
birthday gift for my wife and she loves it
Worked very good.
This is a great phone! There is only one draw back if you are a T-Mobile customer and you need to use wifi calling in the apartment that you live in. I get very poor reception in my apartment and I had relied on wifi calling with my old Samsung phone. This is an AT&T phone and wifi calling can not be enabled. I have downloaded Hangouts Dialer for my out going calls but incoming is a problem. The phone came in great shape and works beautifully. It looks brand new.
Such a beautiful phone! 100% happy with my purchase. The fingerprint sensor doesnt work, but that is the only thing that I found wrong with my refurbished phone. But I can live without the fingerprint scanner.
Brand new
This was the last permutation of the Galaxy Note series to allow users to add memory via a micro SD card. While I would have purchased a 64 Gb model , it just wasn't available at a price point I wanted. This phone came in perfect condition, the seller gets an A+.The newest model, Note 5, may have some features , but sometimes you've got to say enough is enough, and stick with what works for you. This one makes my day!
Good product, fast service
Quick shipment, good product, like it.
I love this phone. It is fast and powerful. The camera is great. The stylus is fantastic. The fingerprint reader is a big step up from a passcode, but still needs to be improved. The screen is gorgeous!Android versus iOSBottom line, geeks should choose Android. Fashion trendy people should choose Apple. Frugal minded people should choose Android. People who simply find it difficult to do more than the basics on a smart phone are probably better off with Apple if you don't mind paying more money. If you are not sure where you fit, read on. If you aren't sure if you like Android of iPhone, read this paragraph. Otherwise skip on down to the next paragraph. I like Android and iOS. I am also frustrated by both. I use both. I like begin able to add lots of storage on the cheap via micro SD, thanks to Samsung Android phones. I like being able to carry a spare battery, again thanks to Samsung. Android has so many more features! On the other hand, iPhone just works. iOS is very easy to use, mostly because it doesn't have the number of options available in Android. My wife uses iPhone, because she is not a geek and doesn't need more than the iPhone offers, with the exception of more storage space - come on Apple! Stop raking us over the coals for storage! For that, you really, really suck. But, I also love Apple. I don't have to rescue my wife from some disaster. Oh, and Apple, where is my swipe keyboard. Let's enter this decade, shall we? It is pretty easy to download spyware or other malware from the Google Play store. So, if you are not very careful about your apps and safety, Apple is still the safer choice.The StylusWhen you remove it from the phone (it stores inboard), a hanndy menu pops up. When you remove the pen and walk away, the phone chimes to reduce the chance that you'll lose the stylus. The stylus is pressure sensitive. It is extremely accurate compared to your finger. It is pretty accurate compared to other stylus devices. Samsung uses Wacom, the art industry standard for digitial stylus art. To be honest, the N-trig stylus on my Microsoft Surface Book blows Wacom out of the water! (I wish I could get an N-trig pen with barrel roll and angel detection for my Surface Book, but that is out of scope of this discussion). Yes, you can take a note even when the screen is locked. As an aside, I use the stylus with with OneNote all the time. OneNote syncs my notes and photos to the cloud (OneDrive) and my computer automatically. Samsung includes Adobe SketchBook Pro (not just the lite version), Which is surprisingly pleasant to use for sketches even on a 5.7 inch screen. I am an amateur artist. I work in both traditional and digital media. I was very surprised that I could produce reasonable art on my phone. No, it isn't my first choice, but it is reasonable. I have not yet tried Apple's Pencil, so I cannot compare the two.Fingerprint ReaderThe fingerprint reader is okay but a far cry from the reader on the iPhone. Here are my few complaints. I have to swipe instead of touch, which is a surprisingly big difference. Swiping works flawlessly only 25% of the time when I'm distracted. If you don't swipe your entire finger pad, forget it. The fingerprint scanner should have a nice concave seat for eyes free swiping. On my iPhone, a scan unlocks and opens the phone. On the Samsung Note, it unlocks but does not always open the phone. Here is what I mean. If the phone is locked, swiping unlocks the phone and takes me to the home screen (or whatever screen was last active). If the phone was unlocked but on the lock screen, swiping the reader does nothing. Instead, you have to swipe the touchscreen. I can't tell you how annoying this is. Don't make we switch between options to open the phone!!!!!!!ScreenThe 5.7", Quad HD (2560x1440) AMOLED screen if gorgeous. In my opinion, it easily outshines the Apple 6 screen,which is 5.5" with 1080p resolution. I can't see the pixels on either, which suggests Samsung went overboard on pixel density. But, Samsung's AMOLED screen provides a noticeably superior image. The colors are rich and full, almost liquidy.The CameraGreat photos and video! The camera offers 16 MP, so you can crop away and still have great images with lots of detail, even on your monster TV. Compare this to the Note 5 at 16 MP, the Note 3 at 13 MP and the iPhone 6 at 8 MP. Want 1080p (2.1 MP) video at 60 frames per second? No problem. Want full 4K (3840x2160 or 8.4 MP) video, you can do that too. The iPhone 6 supports up to 1080p. Regrettably, Samsung artificially limits 4K video recording to 5 minutes. It seems they are worried that users will quickly eat up their storage space. This isn't an issue if you add a 128 GB micro SD card like me, but Samsung doesn't seem to acknowledge that. Oh well. I guess I can settle for WQHD (2560x1440) resolution. The native Samsung camera software has lots of features and shooting modes, and you can download more modes free. Try the rear-camera selfie, wide angle selfie, burst shot, spherical panorama, virtual tour, fast motion, sequence shot, slow motion and more.Multi-windowYes, you can finally run two apps side-by-side. It is just awesome! Unfortunately, not all apps support this function. This is a super handy feature. Of course, now I'm spoiled, and I get mad at developers that don't support the feature. No, Apple does not offer this feature.Health and FitnessThere's a sensor on the back for checking pulse and O2 levels. You can also use the sensor as a virtual button in some apps. S-Health is Samsung's feature rich application. Yes, it is superior to Apple's offering.A tangent on megapixels (MP)The photos are truly gorgeous with an outrageous 16 MP. What does 16 MP really mean. A person with perfect vision can't see individual pixels of a 50 inch, 1080P (2.4 MP) display from 10 feet away. I person with perfect vision can't see individual pixels on a 144" (12 ft.), 4k (8.4 MP) display from the same distance. Really, who needs more than 8 pixels? It will only make a difference when you start cropping and blowing up your photos. To learn more about pixel density on a big screen, see http://www.techradar.com/us/news/television/ultra-hd-everything-you-need-to-know-about-4k-tv-1048954.The Note 4 continues to support replaceable battery and micro SD cards via removable back. The Note 5 does not have a removable back, how annoying. This is a prime reason I chose the Note 4 over the Note 5.The phone has a bunch of other features like NFC, Wi-Fi Direct screen mirroring (to your TV), various Samsung applications, smart cover (optional), OTG, MHL3, GPS, Bluetooth 4.1, ANT+, 2.7GHz quad core, IR remote (use your phone as a remote control for your entertainment system), micro SD slot up to 128 GB, and S-Voice (an inferior alternative to Google Now).I can really play full 1080p movies from my phone to my big screen TV with no lag or chopping.The only thing I could think to add would be secure facial or retina recognition.
Great phone. Best phone I've ever had.
The phone was perfect. But it wasn't unlocked so, I had to got to the at&t official site and request for an unlock pin. Also, in order to update the software, I had to use the at&t sim card. Except for those two reasons, the phone is very good. But I should say, the earphone from samsung must have been included.
Love it! Great upgrade from my old phone. Arrived well packaged & in perfect working condition. I've had no issues with it what-so-ever, works great, pretty simple to figure out (even without the instruction booklet that would've accompanied a new one), happy to find it at such a good price.
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
Nice but hard to work no instructions also for some reason keeps telling me phone being at act to down load there security app. I have Norton already
The seller had the order delivered on time and it looked new with the exception of the S pen which look like it has been chewed on by a toddler, I hardly ever use the pen and it still functions. The bottom line is the phone is a used phone that looks new and will last another year or two maybe even three. For the price it;s a steal don't by a budget phone; buy a used one, take my advice i tried them both.
It good
This fits what I'm looking for, and no issues so far.
love it
Phones are working very well.thanks!
The condition of the phone was pretty good. Only problem is that it wasn't unlocked
At first this phone and I did not get off to a good start. It had an issue where it would turn off with 60% battery power left and it would not turn on until it was plugged into the charger. It would turn off shortly after using my camera or my S pen. I would get a message which said "the battery is critically low" then it would show the battery is at 0% and the phone would turn off. This went on for about 2 weeks until I contacted the seller who agreed to send me a new battery free of charge. The battery arrived quickly. Since I started using the new battery in my phone it has worked perfectly. I can go a full day without charging my phone. Thanks to the replacement battery which solved all my issues this phone has received a 5 star review.
Still amazing in 2016 in spite of the ATT bloatware.
acceptable
Love, love this phone. I have no problem with it except it is an AT&T phone. I disable all the AT&T apps so that they won't interfere with my daily usage and it's all good thereon. I even used the phone outside of the US. Highly recommended.
Bought for a friend seems its working ok never get any complaints
Arrived worked great was a little upset over the fact it was a AT&T phone but it works.
Great cellphone. The only problem is the battery. It doesnt Last not even one day...
Great phone. Love it. Have not upgraded to the marshmallow because it is a little tricky with the ATT model. Thinking about changing to the T-Mobile model.
Came on time 2 day before , is unlock to go to Metro I love the phone I didn't had to much damage currently I get it use I love it I live it
This was given as a gift.
No iusses phone set up with out any problems through Straight-Talk.
Phone arrived as stated and was as advertised. I am very pleased with the phone and service. I would do business with this vendor in the future.
This was a gift. I knew what was wanted the make and etc. I found it and sent it on and they are happy and pleased.
Just as promised, great seller, excellent phone.
So far so good
Since it was an AT&T phone, some of the preloaded apps don't work since I have tmobile. Other than that, the phone is great.
Its great
it is perfect, I have no problem with it and that is why I love Amazon.so thank you.
I got the phone on time, it was as described, brand new. So far the phone has performed flawlessly and has not faulted or failed once.
I went from an LG G3 to a G4 then to the Note 4. I liked both LG phones but I cracked the screen on the G3 so I bought a G4 and it died after only owning it 1 week due to the bootloop defect common in that model. I returned it and bought the Note 4 for about the same price. The Note 4 has a comparable camera to the G4 (minus the laser focus) but has a lot more features like moveable multi windows, fingerprint & heart rate scanners and of course the S pen stylus. It is on the large side and not so easy to use one handed (especially if you have a case on it) but its still very manageable as a phone. To use it one handed you have to rest it entirely on your fingers to be able to reach all the parts of the screen with your thumb. Having a large screen is an advantage in many ways, its easier to see details and play games. Its also good if you take notes with the S pen, it gives you more space so you don't have to write so small. I only use the S pen occasionally but I really like having the option if I need it. I do miss the tap to wake feature that the LG phones had but the Note 4 can be woken by hovering your hand over the screen which is kinda cool too. The battery on the Note 4 is bigger at 3220 mAh as compared to 3000 mAh on the G4 and it does last longer. I can go all day using my phone fairly regularly without having to recharge. But, if I'm using my phone heavily for several hours I really appreciate being able to fast charge as I don't always have much time in one place before having to go elsewhere. Since the USB charging outlet on Samsung phones is prone to becoming loose to the point of not working I installed a N4 SlimPWRcard wireless receiver card and bought a Qi 3 Coil Wireless Charger + a Sony Wireless Power Bank to extend its life.
Excelente
First off the seller does not make it clear that you can't just put in any Sim card and expect it to work on your carrier. If you're getting this phone for metro pcs then you have to call in and have the phone activated through them. Have your EMI number at hand which can be found by dialing *#06# after you give them the EMI number they will have your phone working within a few mins. It's such a great phone it really is. Absolutely beautiful. No regrets
I have always owned iPhones and this is my first Samsung Galaxy phone. Although Apple wins when it comes to practicality and ease of use, I have no regrets making the switch. Love the sharp screen, camera, and best of all, the stylus. Highly recommended.
Great Android phone with fantastic battery life but even more awesome fast charging. Truly great fast charging. The S Pen is incredible. I am a stylus type individual and the handwriting recognition is superb. Great product and worth the purchase even though my daily driver is the iPhone 6 plus. For my uses, can't beat the simplicity, integration and low maintenance of iOS for now.
This phone is perfect! Exactly as it is described brand new with the same pen the charger and the quick start guide. Just one problem with me switching it to metro pcs sometimes I have no service and I am not sure how to fix that. But it is nothing against the phone or the seller, this is a great buy and awesome seller and great super fast shipping and phone does come to you ready and unlocked. Just had to pay metro 16.00 in store to switch out my Sim cards.
Brought it during lighting deal... great price and its UNLOCKED
After doing a lot of research looking for an unlocked phone because I didn't want to be locked into a contract for 2 years, this was a great deal for a high end phablet and arrived as promised. Now using it with low cost Cricket service and have had no issues at all. Put in their SIMM card and works perfectly.
ok
Best smartphone I've ever had. I love the S pen, the fact that I can pop in a charged battery whenever I like instead of being tied to a charger or external battery and it has memory expansion. So much better than Apple. The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because I get these pop up ads that I can seem to get rid of.
Phone is very excellent however the charger is the worst I have seen in my entire life. I NEED the original chager and USB cable!!!!!
The phone works great, arrived in good condition. However, the Spen that came with it was defective.
I got the phone and it was brand new sealed and was happy with the product until I found out it's full of AT&T bloatware. If you don't mind having AT&T bloatware then this phone is perfect.
my niece loves it!
It all most make me want to switch from my iPhone.
I bought 2 of these for my husband and I. We love them. They were delivered quickly and no problems.
Very good phone
It met all my expectations
Great phone. Great condition. Battery does not hold a charge, nor does it charge quickly.
Works well, and no real scratches (it was a used product and I expected a few scratches).
I Love this Phone, works Well, gets better Signal all around.My only 2 Issues with it are Having to reboot it every 2 weeks or so to refresh / Clear the Network Cache, and suggesting that they Improve the "Network SmartSwitch" (mine sometimes drops back to 4G / LTE even though i'm close to the Wireless Access Point). Otherwise it is an excellent Phone.
Product described correctly, delivered on time, Most capable device I've ever owned. BYOP Straight talk, very satisfied....
Love it. Awesome screen size. Lots of flexibility. Still learning the note taking capability.
still serving the expected purpose
Especially like the s-pen.
Excellent phone takes beautiful pictures nice screen size
I absolutely love this phone..I took my sim card and SD card out of my other phone, popped them in the note 4 and began using my phone instantly! Perfect condition and it's exactly what I've been wanting...pictures are super sharp and video couldn't be better! Very good price for an amazing phone!
yes I love my phone too
Thank you, I'm really happy with my phone, everything OK!! I recommend to this seller.
Like the phone. Unfortunately, before I could use it, I had to purchase a new battery as the one in the phone was depleted.
Perfect
Great phone...and still currently using this after 2 yrs. Also bought one for my wife. also works anywhere, with any sim card. i used this in Asia and Europe during our vacations, no problem at all. Plus you can store a 256 GB micro SD card (best part). only issue with my phone ( been accidentally dropped several times) are: Battery heats up and drains quickly after 2 yrs. had to buy a new original battery. second, the Auto focus on the camera doesn't work sometimes and becomes blurry. had to shut off the app and turn it back on again. My wife's phone didn't have any issues at all. I was gonna upgrade to Note 7 but then we all know what's goin on with that. will just wait for Samsung S8 i guess. and i ain't switching to iphones...
Perfect
I bought the note 4 few months ago. It is very good looking phone and it has tons of features (like all samsung and android phones). But honestly, other than the faster processor, and the pen, it is not much different than my old s4. The screen was a bit big for my taste. I noticed that you will need to use ur both hands to do most of the phone functions. Whereas with my s4 (or any 5 inch screen phone) you can use one hand for most of the tasks. If large screens aren't your preference, i say get a smaller phone. This phone a bit big, and it even large to put in my pocket. The Pros however is that it is the last large screen phone from Samsung that it will have a removable battery, and a micro SD card. So if this what you want (in addition to the large screen) then go ahead a buy this right away.
Phone has been a great purchase, Enjoy the features and since it was unlocked, I can use on different carriers.
I'm still getting used to it. It's a much bigger phone than my iPhone 4S. One issue already. When putting the sim card from the 4S into this phone, I received a message stating that I needed a new sim card to unlock all the features of the Galaxy. However, all of the features that I've tried so far work. I chatted with an AT&T Rep online, and he stated that a new sim would be free, and that he could send one, or I could go and pick one up at the AT&T store. So it's plug and play, but not if you want all the features.The phone comes packed with features and for my taste, a superior OS. Taking the back off is a snap (literally). No more proprietary screws just to swap out a battery. Because it's bigger, it's a little more difficult to hold. Even though the back is textured, it's still not very grippy. I've ordered a rubberized shock resistant case, so should help.::Edit:: Went to the AT&T store for my new sim, and was in and out in 5 minutes. Only costs the gas and time to get there. Great service.
Will give full review when I use the Phone a little while. Just received it
So surprisingly this was a good phone that was like new or was new. I'm currently using the phone and is loving the phone and everything is does. I appreciate the seller sending a good phone unit because I didn't want to go through trying to get a replacement phone. I recommend the seller and especially this phone for who ever likes big phones with a great stylus and great battery life
Love it, works great I believe it was a used phone tho did come in a opened used box
I hit the electronics lottery with the first one and wound up with the known issue of the screen not recognizing the S pen in vertical lines on the screen. Then, the phone got stuck in the reboot loop. However, thanks to excellent customer service from Amazon, I quickly received a replacement that seems to do everything the phone is meant to do. As long as this one keeps working, I'm perfectly happy with the device. The S pen is a quite nice extra feature that I find myself using more than I thought I would.
Great device. It is on the large size but will fit in my jeans pocket with no problem. I was using an S4 but this phone does so much more. Buy this phone.
Excellent product, quick delivery.
I love it. Works perfectly on Straight Talk. Had to figure out how to get mms receiving to work. No other problems with the phone.
The phone works fine WITH the exception of the headphone outlet! Has a shortage and that was a big reason I didn't like my old phone!!
Excellent delivery and exactly as described.
Best purchase
As described.
Had this phone for about 2 weeks now and im loving it. So far great product
Awesome phone. Super fast. Love the s pen. Great battery life. previous phone were s2, s4, nexus 5. This is by far the best. Great camera as well. Phone is large though. It will fit in back pocket but not front. A little weighty too. One handed operation isn't great So if that is a must this is not the phone for you.
Still working great with no issues! Wife loves it.
The phone itself is very good, however, the battery is very poor. Its juice lasts less than 6 hours under below average use on WiFi and if with 4G connection, it lasts less than 3 hours... This is very limiting, I need to get a new battery.
Nice phone , good price.
I like this Note 4 but the Volume is kind of low on it but i will keep and see
Its very smooth wirks perfectly and its so cheap in my opinoin its better the Samsung Galaxy S7 and 32 gb space aint bad either
Phone is great..looks brand new.
thanks for delivering..love it!
It's good
I love my Note4 phone. just a phone call and it worked on straight talk very happy
Loved it!
ok
The battery that goes with the unit was not an original because it started to bulge after a couple of weeks of use. The seller replaced the battery right away.
Came on time 2 day before , is unlock to go to Metro I love the phone I didn't had to much damage currently I get it use I love it I live it
This was given as a gift.
reliable and affordable. Was able to hook into my T-mobile account with no problem even though the start screen flashes the AT&T logos
bought it for a steal. problem was, when the phone is on low light in a dark room, the screen had a bad light crack on it. still good though.
Excellent product! I love my Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
Everything worked fine. Great phone at bargain price.
love Samsung but this one I bought use so little sound issue. over all good.
Yes this phone was in good shape! Thanks
The quality of the glass is excellent and installation easy. Just clean the Note 4 screen first with the alcohol or windex first make sure no streaks and peel the back off I used the bottom as an anchor and apply and smooth out using the soft included wipe and get rid of any bubbles. Once on it retains touch control looks great and beats plastic in every way.
Super fast delivery, ordered it on Friday and received it on Sunday morning. Came in original At&the packaging. I previously had a Note 3 but it had gotten wet and stopped working. My provider is Metro PCS. I just went to a store and had them switch my service to my new Note 4, they charged me $15. I took out my old sim card, I dried it off, and now I am writing this review on my new phone. I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
excellente device it was gotten as was described
New in books and on time thanks
I live in the Bahamas and had no problems with it taking my sim card, so I'm happy.
Great phone!
good
Very good camera, large print for poor eyesight, does everything except have dinner with me. This is a keeper! So much info for an old-timer I printed out the manual.
Love this phone. It is a little bigger than the average phone, but that allows the keys on the virtual keyboard to be spaced a little further apart and to put the letters and numbers on the screen together. I can't tell you how much easier to use that is.I have really come to love the pen. The phone software adds many functions like the ability to write on the screen, select an image or part of a page. Once you get used to it you use it all the time.Also, I find that the best supporting apps are written for the Galaxy and the iPhones. The advantage really adds up. They cost more but they'really worth the extra bucks.Many people start with a cheap phone then trade up. Nobody goes the other way.
Great device. It is on the large size but will fit in my jeans pocket with no problem. I was using an S4 but this phone does so much more. Buy this phone.
It's a awesome phone it works phenomenal
It's great, it's just that the battery dies easily.
My phone is great love it battery life is awesome for this phone I recommend this phone for anybody.
Wife loves it!!
I really like this phone alot. It's just what I wanted. The only issue I had was that I couldn't use my messages app. So I downloaded a different app to use my sms feature which works much faster. Still learning how to use it fully but I love it!
In perfect conditions and working as i spected
Very good experience and very good cellphone
So far everything is working great and fast shipping
Love my phone!! Absolutely nothing wrong with it!! Thank you so much!
Love my note 4..no problems at all ND in very good condition!!
The battery couldn't charge effectively, ,it is from the very first day. I would love to get another one becouse I like the product ,
it was shipped very fast and the device matched the description'
This was the last permutation of the Galaxy Note series to allow users to add memory via a micro SD card. While I would have purchased a 64 Gb model , it just wasn't available at a price point I wanted. This phone came in perfect condition, the seller gets an A+.The newest model, Note 5, may have some features , but sometimes you've got to say enough is enough, and stick with what works for you. This one makes my day!
Best smartphone I've ever had. I love the S pen, the fact that I can pop in a charged battery whenever I like instead of being tied to a charger or external battery and it has memory expansion. So much better than Apple. The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because I get these pop up ads that I can seem to get rid of.
Phone is very excellent however the charger is the worst I have seen in my entire life. I NEED the original chager and USB cable!!!!!
The phone works great, arrived in good condition. However, the Spen that came with it was defective.
I got the phone and it was brand new sealed and was happy with the product until I found out it's full of AT&T bloatware. If you don't mind having AT&T bloatware then this phone is perfect.
Great Android phone with fantastic battery life but even more awesome fast charging. Truly great fast charging. The S Pen is incredible. I am a stylus type individual and the handwriting recognition is superb. Great product and worth the purchase even though my daily driver is the iPhone 6 plus. For my uses, can't beat the simplicity, integration and low maintenance of iOS for now.
This phone is perfect! Exactly as it is described brand new with the same pen the charger and the quick start guide. Just one problem with me switching it to metro pcs sometimes I have no service and I am not sure how to fix that. But it is nothing against the phone or the seller, this is a great buy and awesome seller and great super fast shipping and phone does come to you ready and unlocked. Just had to pay metro 16.00 in store to switch out my Sim cards.
Brought it during lighting deal... great price and its UNLOCKED
After doing a lot of research looking for an unlocked phone because I didn't want to be locked into a contract for 2 years, this was a great deal for a high end phablet and arrived as promised. Now using it with low cost Cricket service and have had no issues at all. Put in their SIMM card and works perfectly.
Last Samsung that has replaceable battery and external microSD. Best smartphone I've ever had. Amazing light adaptation in the sun.I'm not buying Note 5, 7, or any other high end smartphones until someone comes with a model that again has removable battery, microSD card, and possibly an FM radio.
GREAT PHONE, LARGE SCREEN EASY TO READY AND WRITE
Such versatility!!!!Just love the large screen. I had to decide on Android or iPhone when Palm/WebOS got screwed over by HP & never did find the iPhone's intuitive or flexible. I can swap out my extra battery & continue to use the pen as I did on the old Palm devices.
I researched the heck out of this to make sure I was the one I wanted for Cricket. Really loving it. This model (N910 'A') is specifically for AT&T. Since they own Cricket it easily changed with just a sim card. I specifically bought the '4' because you can remove the battery when you dont feel like being tracked by the NSA for a few hours. Charges super fast with the samsung charger. Pen works great. Something about being able to draw pics and take notes by hand that I really like.
This was a birthday gift. I knew what was wanted and the features and when I found the item I talked with the birthday person describing and reading to them the details and description. It was what was needed and wanted.
This Phone works great and the Seller "Supreme Deals 18" is very customer focused. When I first purchased this phone, I kept getting a notification that the S-pen was removed when it wasn't . Pretty annoying. I tried another S-pen from a friends Note 4 and the notification went away. After researching, apparently some S-pens are slightly smaller and don't "click" into position right. I didn't bother to notify the seller because I didn't think that Samsung's quality on a new item should be their concern. So, I purchased another S-pen on Amazon for $6.92 and it works fine. Afterwards "Supreme Deals 18" contacted me to tell me they wanted to reimburse me for the cost for the S-pen I had to buy. Wow, Quality Seller. It was Samsung's fault not theirs. I should have notified the Seller first. Anyway, Purchased this phone to use on Straight Talk's service. After buying a Straight Talk Sim card for 99c, had it working within minutes after calling their customer support line. Very Happy now. BTW, mine came with the headphones.
Great phone!!!! Love it a lot!
It's just like a new Note 4. Everthing came with it except Samsung earphones which was fine. The Note 4 works great.
This is the best phone I've ever had. the main reason I purchased this phone was to work with the Samsung Gear VR and they both work Great
Love it and fast shipping
I bought this to replace my wife's prepaid at&t phone, all she had to do was switch the sim card. Great phone, amazing camera.
I received my phone even earlier than the estimate shipping date. Was very excited!
I was a little worried about buying a high price "open box" phone (unlocked). But the phone arrived in perfect condition, no signs of use. I checked the IMEI at my carrier and they confirmed it is clean. All original accessories were present in the box. It gets LTE on my TMobile sim. Bought it from S+D Accessories, seller answered all questions quickly. I will definitely recommend buying an unlocked Note 4. It is a powerful beast and I haven't experienced any TouchWiz lag yet. Display is extremely gorgeous. Overall a beautiful piece of art and some brilliant engineering by Samsung!
Great phone! Pretty much brand new!
Awesome
Got it on a lightning deal. Phone was unlocked and worked great on the tmobile network
It's a amazing phone I recommend this to everyone
Great phone! This phone from 2014 has pretty much everything the iPhone 7 Plus released in 2016 finally has. Excellent camera with 4K video. Doesn't need a case because the back of the phone has a material that is easy to grip. The best part is you can easily open the back of the phone and put in a spare battery. The 2nd best part is you can install a memory card in the phone to keep all your photos and videos on the phone. This keeps your photos much more secure than storing them in the cloud where they can be easily hacked. I had ALL the iPhones starting with the 3G, the 4 series then the 5 series. I switched to this phone and was amazed that its technology was 2 years ahead of the iPhones. Hands down this is the best phone I have ever had which is why I have chosen to keep it for 2 years rather than upgrade every year like I used to need to do with the iPhone.
Excellent!
nice
Great customer service, and work very well to ensure satisfactory expectations.
I like the product. Great service. Thanks
I ordered this phone from Wireless Deals. It arrived early in undamaged condition. Wireless Deals packed the phone very securely. It came with a charger, S pen, headphones and quick start guide. This was my first time ordering from them, and I'm happy.
Impressive!! Box unopened; it was delivered as though I purchased it from AT&T. Only problem is that screen was lifting off top right corner. Returned it with zero problems and ordered a new one... Fingeres crossed...
Good price for unlocked phone and work well at cricket.
Didn't get any earphones, but it's totally beautiful.I love everything about it.
My cousin saw Christmas early when she got this. It's not the latest but it's among the best.
I love this phone,Even though I bought it in 2016, this phone still has a lot of fire power and Blows most other phones out of the water... especially with todays prices.Pros:The screen is pure love, its one of the most gorgeous displays on a phone you'll see, very detailed and the colors pop.The camera is quick and takes some seriously impressive shots,The rest of the specs are still good in 2016Removable battery and expandable storage, + ir blasterdoesn't explodeConsI think updates for the note 4 stopped at Lollipop, So you will not have any further OS updates.Has randomly restarted a few times, but its still very uncommonThis is a very simple Review of the things I see important in the phone, not the most detailed but I hope I helped!
It's an amazing phone! I love it. I had a few questions for the seller and he responded very fast and answered all my questions. I bought it "used-like new" and it was perfect, it had some scuffs on it but they came off with a wet towel. It even came with a free case! I'd give 10 stars if I could!
A very good e pressure free phone,,I don't only like it but I love it..
Using it for this review. I actually don't think I have been without it since it arrived. Samsung has always been quality and the Note 4 is no exception. Great sound and I can even get reception in the hospital...okay perhaps that's the carrier. But I will probably order another Samsung in the future. Very happy with the quality of sound, battery life etc. Now I will be honest it can heat up quite quickly but I watch Netflix and Hulu often. But again I am very Satisfied!
This is the best phone I've ever had. Previous phones that I've had had very little storage space and I ran out of memory rather quickly. Too quick for me. I bought this phone because it is a bigger screen and has a lot more memory than others. I haven't had any problems with this phone its extremely fast . I put AT&T service on it and it's done great. No problems downloading anything. Camera takes great pictures plus you can add photo apps for frames. The phone has a very loud ringer. Normally I can't hear my phone ring but this one I went thru all rintones pre-installed and picked one out that was loud no problems hearing it. It's got excellent features like the spen which I am still learning about since I haven't had phone very long but overall this is an excellent phone and highly recommend it to anyone in the market for a phone.
Badass phone. Not much to say phone speaks for it self
I love this. I don't use it as a phone and have no cell service, but it's a great tablet/phone. The stylus works very well and I have this for a month and have had no problems with it. :)
The phone is excellent! A warning to people using MetroPCS, make sure you call them in advance, find the IME located under the battery of the phone, and have them switch over the device or you'll receive the error "Phone not allowed MM#6". They lock their Sim cards to their devices to prevent theft.
SHE LIKES IT!
It's Great . I just don't like how it only charges to about 80-99% .. but other than that .. Its A Good Phone .. Highly Recommended ! 😉
The price was right. Delivered on time and it was as described.
I waited to give my review. I have had the device for alittle over 6 months now. No issues. My Note 4 works as good as the day I purchased it. Still using it to this day at home and work.
I received this phone brand new! I love this phone! Thank you for the perfect transaction. I really love it. Absolutely nothing wrong with this phone! Came unlocked and got it turned on 3 hours after receiving it. Thank you so much!
Fantastic phone! Extremely pleased.
very happy with note 4 everything they said it was and more
Not bad..
Perfecto!
Good Product..but I wish the charger was an original one..
Very good phone. Love it. Love the fact that it was unlocked its great for international use. Came in very good condition looked almost new. No scrathes on it. Awesome phone
Great phone and much more modern than the one I had. The phone had a few issues with the Stars Pen nor working but the seller corrected it right away and to my satisfaction.
It was like new
It's amazing,I like the Samsung galaxy note 4,100% original.
Works great, my hubby now wants this phone instead of an iPhone
Awesome phone!!! I love it.
I love it! :) Thank you!
MAKE SURE YOU ORDER THE CORRECT VERSION FOR YOUR REGION. I was all set to order the wrong version when I realized the only difference is the letter at the end of the model number. I believe N910 means the Note 4, but the 'a' at the end of the N910a is the only way to know this is the version for North America. With that said...I love this phone! In fact I love it so much I bought one for my mother as well. I like that it has a bigger screen, without being huge. I use the auto screen brightness and built in 'Power saving' mode and don't have any issues with battery life. Also available is a 'Ultra power saving mode' for when you inevitably leave town without a charger. By turning off all the extra little features, switching from color to grayscale, and only running the few applications that you tell it to (like phone and messages) it greatly extends the battery life. For example I just switched my phone with a current charge of 59% and it has an 'Estimated max. standby time' of 10.6 Days. I've not had the need to test this out completely as it will charge from a common microUSB charger, but I have used it on a return trip home when I realized I had <15% power remaining. The ability to still send and receive calls and texts and still have more than a day of remaining standby time when I got home was amazing.
Great phone. I highly recommend getting the T Mobile version of this phone instead of the AT&T version as it has a much better processor
I bought this one because it was an ATT version and so far so good. Read about the different carriers and the versions that apply to that carrier. I think it makes things easier to auto-update if you use the right model for your service provider. I had the original Note by Samsung, but was having issues with software updates not working very well with the old phone. This phone is MUCH faster, can do many more things at once, and the battery lasts almost 3 times as long, which is a huge relief. It came loaded with some useful software like Uber and EverNote. I haven't used any of their other goodies, but I have loaded Xfnity TV Go on it and it works fine, so does Amazon FireTV and Hulu, so it's got the speed to stream.
by far the best phone I have every had.....love the screen....the pen....love it all.p.s I have own every phone ever made it seems over the years....great phone.
Arrived in perfect new condition and is working well.
Fast shipping ,Item as describe And good price thank you.
your sarvic very good
As advertised. Worked with no problems out of the box.
Loving my phone so far. All is well
amazing, great
Awesome Just like new. No scratches.Perfectly satisfied.
great phone
Is the BEST phone I have EVER had! Yes! That Great!
Better condition than the description even said!
Love this phone!
like the camera feature and photos taken w/ the phooe are clear and nice
Great device, brand new as described!
I love my galaxy note. I purchased from j mobiles llc and my phone arrived in perfect condition. I will definitely buy from them again. This phone hands down is the best ever. Love love love my galaxy note.
I bought this phone it's very nice but it has a battery problem as soon as it goes under 50% the phone shuts down continously and I have to put the charger on it so that it can turn on.
The phone shipped fast and is Brand New. Everything as advertised. Remember that this model and the galaxy 's 5 are the last phones that back can be removed to replace battery or to add memory cards.
I received my white galaxy note 4 on time and in great condition... I love it !
I WAS SO MAD when I opened the shipping box! The listing for the phone CLEARLY states the phone advertised for sale is an AT&T model N910A. But I received an N910T! I immediately went to the Return section and got ready to ship the smartphone back to wherever it came from! BUT WAIT! I did a little more research into the 910T model and found that the Seller had actually done me a ***HUGE FAVOR***! Not only is the N910T a slightly more robust phone (with just a little more radio power output than the AT&T model), it could be rooted, which you CANNOT do (afaik) with the AT&T model Note 4. So, long story short, I endured the annoying T-Mobile boot jingle just long enough to download a custom ROM and now I'm enjoying slightly increased battery life (many Note 4's are battery hogs, IMO) and almost all the snazzy features of a Galaxy S7 Edge, ported onto my phone by the custom ROM. This is still an excellent phone for anyone not interested in rooting and modifying your phone's features but it is an even better platform for those who do things like that. Bottom line: YES, I would buy another one of these phones from this Seller. I've had the phone for enough time to give it a solid thrashing to determine its usability - and it will do! It will do just fine! :)
No issues except had to change battery within 2 months other than its so this phone earned 5 stars
Excellent, Works perfectly in COLOMBIA.
Great phone. Love it. Got it on Metro PCS. It did take 2 long phone calls to finally get the APN right for the network but awesome phone.
arrived on time and work very good
Item arrived quickly and as advertised.
For anyone shopping: the N910C works fine on Straight Talk. I bought the Bring Your Own Phone Activation Kit at my local Walmart and had the phone activated with working with a nice 4G LTE connection in minutes. I chose the AT&T micro SIM from my kit, but there is also a T-Mobile one, too. I live in a somewhat rural area and LTE is always there. Nice performance with the octa-core processor. Love the S Pen, as having a pen-based Android was something I was interested in (but I plan on getting a separate stylus and just using S Pen as backup). Screen real estate is unreal when you're coming from a smaller device. Nice and easy to root. Power users beware, however: you won't find a ready-made Cyanogenmod install for it yet, but there are several modified stock Lollipop-based ROMs over at XDA on the Exynos development thread. Also, mine came with a plug for somewhere in the Middle East (I assume this because the box was partially labelled in Arabic) or Southeast Asia, so I'm having to buy a separate US compatible plug for it.So far, I'm enjoying my new Note 4, but would have chosen the N910F (Snapdragon) instead for the simple fact of more software development going on for that device architecture. I had the model number slightly wrong for N910C (trelte - not supported by official CM) vs. N910F (trlte - has official CM support, plus others) and was mistaken in choosing the N910C.Overall, I am pleased with this as an upgrade from my Virgin Mobile Galaxy S3. Best of all, I got to pick the phone I wanted and still get to be prepaid, versus being restricted to what the carrier-branded offerings are for any given prepaid provider.
Just what I expected!
Very good product. Very premium. It's the best!
Nice phone, but bad speaker.
You can't go wrong. This particular phone is absolutely the best. You can not buy a better version of this phone. If you NEED the best of the best, this is the phone for you. DO NOT go any where else. This is it. I'm a avid online shopper. I find the best deals, the best products for myself and for the business my fiancé owns. He only buys the best and he only trusts me to ship for his business.LOOK NO WHERE ELSETHE BEST IS HEREI must add I wish I could give a 10 star rating. Only 5 stars really limits choices and makes everything closer to one another. This phone is above the rest.Oh need a incredible case that will lay through brutal force of different kinds. Thrown, dropped down 3 stories and still cause no damage to the phone. Get an MEI case. Gorilla glass aluminum case. There are screws that holds it together. Just add a little lock tight to the screws and your phone will keep on going no matter what you throw at it, lol, litterally.I am just a typical customer these are the best and I just had to share how amazing that this phone and case can be.You will be 120% overly happy of your purchase.One thing I must add. That case sometimes slightly affect the gps signal. So far worn this phone though I have nor had any issues of that nature or any other. This phone is amazing.
Nice phone and working perfectly
good
Versatile. I take a lot of notes.
Nice
awesome
This is a mixed feelings review,Vendor (Breed) - very friendly to deal with. Answered my presales questions and ensured me that the phone coming from them was never opened by anyone and the box is sealed. Which it was. I purchased an unlocked n910a from another vendor, and though knowing that they had to open it to unlock it, I had nothing but security concerns with it and it made me a little uncomfortable. Luckily I was within the return window and Amazon took care of it.Phone - I hate the fact that there is a n910c and a n910f. Both are identical minus the CPU. Some argue that the n910c could be better however Samsung is locking out the extra features so I can be on par with the n910f. Then why send it out?!?! I bought it on the only hope that someone will have a rooted firmware that will allow these features to be unlocked.Network Connection - I am on At&t and I was debating about ponying up the extra cash for their non contact phone (n910a) however the extra $200 premium to an already $600 left a very bad taste in my mouth. According to the specs, this International version of the Note 4 meets most of the requirements for at&t's network. I had the n910a for a short period and my wife has the At&t Note 3. When I compare the speeds on my n910c to her note 3, we get identical speeds, even though my phone only says 4g and hers says 4g LTE. The sad part for both of us, in our area (Baltimore County, MD) we are getting speeds as low as 6mbps & as high as 22mbps download. Avg seems to be around the 6mbps.2 main positives I see from buying this phone over the at&t one,A - Cheaper ($600 vs $800) if your buying off contract.B - No at&t bloatware. Though its not vanilla android, it doesn't have additional crap forced on it.2 main negatives,A - No warranty. Even though this is new, it was not meant to be sold in the US markets so Samsung will not honor the warranty. You will have to utilize a 3rd party vendor like Square Trade ($89 / 2 years NOT accidental) to have coverage.B - The phone not being in this region, Samsung will not push any OTA updates to it. Luckily there is a website called SamMobile that will let you download the unmodified Samsung released firmware from those territories getting them and you can push it to your phone (without rooting it or voiding any warranties, yes I know the US doesn't have one but it still doesn't void the international one) very easily. Now when I say easily, it does require that you have to download 3 things and read words and follow. I was able to upgrade my Note 4 from KitKat 4.4.4 to the Lollipop 5.0.1 in one shot.My only other though is, I really wish google would get off their high horse and release a nexus phone with a memory card option. I like carrying my entire music collection with me so alone that takes up 50Gb's. I also like taking lots of pictures. Simply because they dont allow MicroSD cards is the only reason that is keeping me from buying their brand phone. Maybe if they released a reasonably priced phone with 128gb of internal storage, would I then consider.Update: 05/06/20161 year later and I just put Android 6.0.1 on my phone, and without doing any rooting, I put the official Samsung released firmware on the phone. I will never buy US release phones again because Samsung has been kicking out updates yet Version & At&t are very slow at releasing them (if they even bother to).
My dreams that have come true!!!! I can it's big but fits in the pocket ok, and the stock battery is actually really good! With normal use I got 30 hours on one charge and that was with heavy texting and some game playing as well. So far I bought it for my byop strait talk plan and it's been great!
Great product. Arrived on time. Love the phone
I love my note 4 I am so inlove with it
works perfectly, so far. since it was not bought through T-Mobile or other providers and is an international version, it has only 3G access! but that's fine.
Everything was perfect. ..
My experience so far is really good.
Love it. No issues at all on AT&T. Supports all US LTE bands.OS is newer than most Note 4's released by the common stateside carriers.
Perfect.
It is working so perfectly well. Don't regret buying it. The camera is more than awesome. Planning to buy one on Father's day for my husband. I love it
Phone is great.No warranty from Square trade or Samsung.
As a note my seller was mercate group. Seems as though some people are getting a mixed bag as to quality based on the seller - that's why I mentioned the one I dealt with.Received the phone today. I work in IT so I'm quite hard on quality. Box was sealed as if it was straight from the factory. All factory protectors were present on the device. There was no visible defect on my device. I put in my AT&T sim and had 4G LTE connection immediately (I'm located in NY in the US). After which I checked for and received the most recent OTA update. Did an IMEI check and it's clean. Rooted the device after this and it rooted without issue. Found this device was originally available in the UK as that was the default language setting on initial startup. Obviously it had the foreign charging adapter, however I found my Moto turbo charge has enough to activate the fast charge mode on the device - that's a plus.Overall I love the device I'm so glad to be back on a Samsung device as my experience with the Moto X Pure was terrible.
Expectations...Yes!...very, very...
Excellent product
All components arrived organized and in tact. Quite an excellent phone; I got it so I could root it and did just that quite seamlessly.
Didnt work full LTE with tmobile in Texas so I had to return. Not truly this phones fault as it's listed online
Satisfied customer! After purchasing from a different seller of the same phone, at last I got a phone that is true as it is advertised. The phone is really new!
ok
Pretty awesome phone, very fast, haven't lagged onde, at least until now, the 3 gb of ram are definetely doing its thing, updated to android 6.0.1 as soon as I connected to a WiFi, has a beautiful big display. Overall a great buy.
Good phone, as usual, but still a little too touchy for me
Excellent
Depending on what you're look for on Samsung Galaxy Note smartphone platforms, I think this Galaxy Note 4 N910C has it all. There is no need look further or to jump for the preceeding odd model of this Note 4 because of the limiting features of the hardware. Don't get me wrong though. The Note 5 lacks external memory expansion and changeable and disopable source of energy. I would stick with the Note 4 for now till the succeeding even Note comes. The challenge for replaceable lithium ion battery is because of it's heaviness. Ultra elite smartphones coming out now are going lite and thinner.Note by, make sure your cell carrier or network provider supports this model of the Note 4. If your Network is LTE capable, I bet ya you would enjoy the speed of data connectivity comes from this phone. However, the H model this phone is only limited the H and H+ network feed receptions. But however, H+ signals are also comparable to LTE Network signals in high surge network reception area.Overall, look no further and make sure it meets your needs. This is a high end low buget smartphone for the high end andriod smart phones.
100% satisfied. Thank you
👍
Very happy. Great phone.
Amazing phone
I like it unique ability to adapt
It works like brand new great battery life and fast response. Has an amazing camera!!!!!
Great phone. No problems!!
No comment this product is 100% brand new... all accesoires is includes. I can't give 5 stars just because the charger... a don't no wich contry use that s**t. But thanks
Works great.
I love my New Galaxy Note 4 ☆☆☆☆☆
The Best Phone in market.
Lots of improvements of the note 3. The 1st thing I noticed us how quick the note 4 booted in 10 seconds... wow so fast.... and the second thing I noticed after 5 min of heavy usage the phone does not get hot at all. GREAT SCOTT!! Having 2 cpus on one phone is like adding another turbo to a car. Very responsive on ui and operating the phone. Playing with GPS, emailing, playing clash of clans and watching YouTube while texting. This phone is a beast. I almost got the note 5 but I heard horror stories about the S pen getting stuck and making the phone paper weight. Not only that but the unremovable battery was also unsettling but the adaptive charging is insane though. The note series in my honest opinion is that it's a hit and miss. The note 2 and 4 are great phones. Notes 1, 3, and 5 had major issues either with the hardware or new tech that was introduced but not optimized yet. That's what makes me excited by the note 6. Anyway back to the note 4. This phone is ridiculously good. I might hold off on getting a new phone for a while. I only touched one camera feature called virtual tour and having so much fun with it. This phone does work with Ting and I currently reside in California. 4glte does not work with ting unfortunately but I do get 4g which is better than nothing. Sometimes I get H or H+ which is a varient of 3g. This is my review of 1 note 4 version out of a dozen. Another new tool I saw was the heart rate monitor and can also use a finger print to unlock the phone! Another thing I noticed after somebody stole my note 3 and resorted to getting this phone is that this phone has a higher frequency of the WiFi setting. My old router couldn't recognize this phone. I had to upgrade the router that was last updated 2005. So much has changed in terms of technology since then. I remember reading a review on another forum of some lady ordering 4 new note 4s. Yes that's right she ordered 4 just because she thought her WiFi wasn't working. She turned in a new note 4 for another one 4 times. LOL verizon is very mean to her... either that or she's rude and verizon decided to troll her without her knowing. XD Anyway note 4 is a great phone. K thx bye.
Great phone, use it for Straight Talk. Very easy to convert over. Some features don't work due to using a tracphone but the company i got it from was great. Arrived on time and in the condition i expected. Just like the photos they had.
Love this phone. It came a day late but it was sealed in original box. Been using note 4 for about a month works perfectly...
Not shipped as advertised...came with wrong build and OS....returned but a beautiful phone
Works great! Absolutely favorite phone ever. Came new in sealed box. Took my SIM card out of my old AT&T Galaxy SIII and put it in this new Note 4, and am up and running. Don't know yet if it will work with overseas SIM cards, but I have no reason to doubt it.Comes with overseas plugin set so you may need a different one to fit your outlets.
Just what I wanted! Excellent
Awesome phone! Blows any iPhone away! Best phone I have ever owned! Samsung comes through once again!
I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my husband. He loves it! We needed an unlocked phone because we live in Korea and travel to other countries in Asia, in addition to visiting the USA every summer. My husband loves the fact that his phone works like a spare computer for when we are traveling.
This is an awesome phone, it does everything you want it to and more. The multi window feature is so useful, I don't know how I lived without it before this. Upgraded from an LG G2 and am loving it. The fingerprint scanner may not always work but if you do a nice clean swipe it works almost every time, it can be a bit frustrating on an angle though but it still works really well. The private mode on the phone is also nice if you want to hide just a couple things from everybody seeing.
Great phone! No complaints! Works well with no issues. Using it with Straight Talk...
Love my phone
I love this phone.
Everything is OK!.
More than excelent
Phone works great! Took it to TMOBILE and they hooked it right up!
Love the phone but I returned it. It is promised to be an LTE phone. It might be but I could net get LTE with this phone on AT&T. I found out that it was missing the two LTE bands that ATT requires. Other than that, could not have been a better phone. I did return it to get the Att branded phone.
A VERY NICE PHONE. DELIVERED ON SCHEDULED DATE. I REALLY LOVE IT
Excellent!!!
I read the informative specifications and technical details then compared and contrasted with similar vendors. Open Group Wireless (O.G.W) data was very transparent and it was manner in which these facts were presented that influenced my ultimate decision to select this vendor. Certainly, I can suggest the O.G.W. to be trustworthy
Had to confirm it to be in English but then my voicemail messages were shown in a none gish language in the notifications... I think I fixed it by going to settings and switching the device language back and forth... and restarting between changes... I think there is an let function missing. This device is from Pakistan o.O ............ it's beautiful and battery is alright... but if you need a lot from your phone your battery goes down 1% every few minutes? Not so bad? It works fine with tmobile but you need to set your apn settings and search for your network...I use the pen a lot. I almost lost it though so...
After a heck of a lot of reading of reviews and going back and forth between various forums, I'm glad I finally settled on this phone. From the actual model and from the distributor. There was an initial scare that something was damaged in the sensors in the screen (wouldn't read the s-pen input within a certain parameter of the screen) but that went away (hoping it doesn't come back). Box for me was completely sealed with no evidence of opening; though I may just not know what to look for. The n910c connected to T-mobile no problem. Just make sure you change your apn to fast.tmobile.com instead of what's been suggested on some forums around the web; looks like t-mobile updated/changed their apn codes or something.
No problem.
Excellent!!!
Very convenient
Best upgrade I had (moved from htc m7 to sgn 4) I'm currently under metro pcs hope this help but I don't get full bars but still good with 3 bars
I love it!!! I absolutely love it!! 👌👍
The best phone that ever have, I only miss some features of lollipop that samsung get away with touchwiz (use the notification bar with the screen unlocked, the multiuser funtion and other details like those)
Best Phone Work for working.
A+
Nice phone came with everything arrived earlier than expected which was a plus for me battery kinda ran out faster than expected but great phone.
IT IS A EXCELLENT PHONE
I receive what I ordenes. It is working fine
Phone totally meets expiations, was shipped fast and arrived quickly. Works well with T-Mobile and was surprised on now long the battery life is on this pone. can easily get two days with some to spare. Overall very pleased with this model of the Galaxy Note 4, best of all unlocked and no contract.
Birthday present
Excellent!
there's no way back from Note!I just put chip in and started with settings. Everything working fine even with the corporate airwatch which email service is just horrible but not related to the phone. touch of the screen is super and works so fast. Fast charger is a plus even though some other phones has them. Camera and screen resoultion will make you impossible to get back to smaller screens. Worth the value!!
Great phone
An Unlock att phone. To fix to Data data roaming need to be able (check) for tmobile data to work in usa. Top left corner touch not work need multiple tap. Could be software or calibration issues. Tmobile 4g pretty cool. Data work only when on call before fix.
I have had this phone for almost a year now, and it has been the best phone I have ever had! From the ease of use, and strong front glass, I would recommend this phone to any wanting a new device. Even though that this device isn't the newest model, it still works better than some other phones after this time span.Pros:S-Pen, while I don't use it everyday, I do find it handy for the Smart Select and Screen Write.Strong front glass, the glass has failed to crack or scratch, but I have taken VERY good care of it. (I have not used a screen protector at all during the 9 months I have used it)Speaker, with my case that I have on the phone it muffles the sound when place on a flat surface. The speaker is very loud, but it is a pain having it on the underside of the phone.Design, the phone's size is not a problem with me because I have larger sized hands, but for people with smaller hands, I would recommend a smaller phone. Also the leather backplate is very stylish when the phone isn't in its case. The phones does have very crisp corners which adds to the design appeal of the phone.Removable Backplate, this allows for the removal of the battery, SD-card, and Sim card. This is handy because of the ease of replacing the battery if it were to fail. I also have installed a 64GB SD card, from Samsung, into the phone because I had run out of storage (which is mainly pictures).Battery Life, this is the best battery life of a phone I have ever had! It lasts all day with normal use with 40-60% left at the end of the day. Sometimes I will have to charge it over the course of the day because I am using it quite heavily (Gaming or video streaming). The fast charging feature is also an awesome feature, it allows for 50% in 30 minutes. I have used this to charge my phone up only a little when I needed that little boost.Camera, this camera is very nice with many different features. It captures 4K video, and great quality pics. It also does slow-mo and fast motion. The camera app is also very customizable with many different options available.Cons:Fingerprint Scanner, when I first used the phone, I had 3 fingers in the system. This made the scanner inaccurate (1 in 5-10 swipes worked) which was an inconvenience. Because of the need to swipe, it can take many times to register your fingerprint as correct. This is one of the most annoying things that plagues this phone. (The Note 5 and S6 have removed this requirement)Home button, the button worked fine for the first 8 months, but it has started to make loud clicking noises when I press it. It is still functional, and it only does it 35-40% of the time. I have researched it, and most people online with the same issue solved it with cleaning the button with rubbing alcohol.Built-in storage, I did buy the 32GB version of the phone, and for a while I was fine on storage, but I had almost filled it up with pictures and apps in Nov. 2015. I did purchase a 64GB SD-card (mentioned earlier) and it works great! All my photos are sent to the SD card and my phone is slowly gaining more built-in storage space. (I did move larger apps to my SD-card to save on storage space.)F.A.Q:Q: Does the S-Pen fall out?A: No, it has never fallen out, and the phones has a feature that warns you when you wander too far from your Pen. (About 20-30 feet)Q: Is this a big phone? As big as the 6+ and 6s+?A: Yes this is a big phones, and it is a little bit bigger than the 6+ and 6s+, but not by much!Q: How do you use such a big phone with one hand??!?!?A: I have learned to use it, and now I just am able to use it like any other phone.Q: Since you don't use a screen protector, does your screen get scratched?A: My screen only has one very tiny scratch on it (which I have to look hard to find), but I have taken care of my phone, (i.e. not throwing it around, keeping it protected in pockets and backpacks from loose change and keys, and trying not to drop it onto hard surfaces like concrete) however this is a very robust phone, so if you are worried just use a screen protector and a good case with sides that pop up above the screen.Overall this is a very great phone with it's very eloquent design, S-Pen, and quality camera. I would recommend this phone to anyone that wants a phone for a good price, and doesn't mind not having the latest gadget.*I also use the Galaxy Gear 2 Neo as a smartwatch, which is a nice watch to pair with this phone.
Cellphone is very fast compared to my Verizon Galaxy S5. I connected mine to Cricket Wireless and it works great!
Excellent phone!
Great phone. Brand new sealed box as promised and worked out of the box on my Cricket SIM after manually setting the data proxies and protocols. I live in a dead zone for cell signals and can actually make and take calls on this phone and receive 3G data connections in certain spots in the house. My Note 3 could only use wi-fi at home and only receive texts 3 miles down the road. The biggest sell for this phone (as a US customer) is no US carrier apps and other crap that is bundled on domestic phones.
Phone works great in Trinidad and Tobago on the Digicel network. Absolutely no complaints. Put in my sim card, did the initial set up and the phone was up and running. I haven't explored all the features on the phone as yet but I will get around to it soon enough. Phone came brand new, no seals on the box were broken. Would definitely recommend this seller.
came in time. product is good.
Works great so far. No complaints.
I am almost speechless about this phone. It is frigin AWESOME !!!!
Phone arrived in box, new and working perfectly, and I have very much enjoyed using this phone-- and will continue to. I still consider the Note 4 to be one of the best, if not the best, phones on the market and it runs fast and smooth. International version is not locked and thus allows me to keep it up to date and use any SIM (worked with my AT&T SIM card without any issues) and has better sound than the other version-- for those who listen to music a lot on their phone. The Note 4 takes awesome pictures and records great video, and since it still has the SD card slot and removable battery, I can record 4K video without worrying that my space is going to be gone quickly. I see myself using this phone for years to come-- even if Samsung were to stop supporting it, one can install ROMs on this one, and I see no need to upgrade from such a wonderful phone.
Excellent phone. No complaints. No issues so far.
After searching for a while and hate Samsung for S6 no SD, I decided to go for Note4. Happy with the choice. Exactly what I was looking for.
Full HD, super funny to draw and take notes.
Wish the price was lower when I bought it but this is in my opinion the last good phone before the non removable batteries and removing the sd card slot. Would have kind of liked the usb 3.0 with quickcharge on this though, the battery is a weakpoint. The battery will also get hot and or drain quickly. Always have portable battery on hand.
Awesome
Great phone, excellent camera, and has a removable battery.
The item work perfectly as described. The only issue is the plug that came in the package is for a different region and does not work in US. I have a separate charger, so it is not an issue. Would recommend to buy from them if you are looking for a new phone.
Awesome
The Best Phone Ever Arrived Just Perfectly pretty fast, update it to lollypop 5.1 and no lag so ever, im using it on Venezuela and Works 4G LTE with Movistar and Digitel i haven't tried on Movilnet because that company SUCKS i will buy this phone again
Great Sellars
Everything was in order!
Thanks
Great phone. This is a the best phone I have ever owned. It worked well in the USA and the Caribbean (Trinidad/ Barbados) I was considering choosing the Samsung galaxy s6 but I did not like the idea of not being able to expand the memory. I am glad that I choose the note 4. Battery life is good and when need to, charges quickly.
Very fast delivery was so happy wen it showed up early. Great phone working perfectly no problems. Great seller recommended to my friends. A some Attttttt
It's a wonderful phone. What is impressed me most is the vendor, PowerSellers. The phone I got came from overseas and, when I had a problem with it, I thought "Oh, boy. Here we go." I could not have been more wrong, though. Nestor at PowerSellers went above and beyond to take care of me. I could not be more pleased.
Nice phone...works wll in Trinidad and Tobago, on TSTT network and enjoys both voice and data service wit this model.
Very good
Arrived faster than expected! This is a great phone and much more affordable than purchasing from AT&T (which is around $680 total) though the unlocked version has no warranty.I've had mine for over a month now and it works flawlessly with AT&T's 4G! Can't wait to test it when I travel overseas!
Thanks this was worth it . Will be ordering from you guys in the future
I am very satisfied with this phone, it is far more than what expected
Am trying it
Its genuine, and in perfect condition. Hopefully, i wont have any issues. Though it came with a "Type G" adapter, which i cant really use.
Because of failing vision, I bought the Note 4 (my third Galaxy) primarily for its screen size and font size, and was surprised by the wealth of other features. For example, S-voice, which is like iPhone's Siri,does so many tasks, like addressing a text message, providing for dictating the text, tapping on the text to bring up a keyboard screen, where you can manually correct, then dictate some more. This is just the tip of the iceberg about the Note 4. It suits me just fine and then some. Highly recommended.
Very great!
Was delivered on time. Awesome phone. International phone from United Arab Emirates - came with charger for that country with US adapter. Was able to take SIM card from my Walmart Family Mobile prepaid plan phone (Samsung Galaxy S II), put into Note 4 and was up and running in minutes.
Good
Best phone ever made by samsung!
This Note 4 is an awesome phone that has far exceeded my expectations. I have gone from using both a cell phone and a tablet to just the note...it's both devices combined into one! The graphics are amazing, Excellent devise.
VERY GOOD , NO PROBLEM IT WORK FINE
I love the phone and it came exactly the same as described in product details. It was delivered on the same day that they promised
Excellent all came on time.
Good
Nothng to complan...EXCELLENT PRODUCT..!! Works like a charm...!!!
I'm from argentina and the works perfectly
Very satisfied I was skeptical because of some of the reviews I was very happy when I got the phone brand new very easy to transfer over ..I would definitely recommend this seller technomaster......I live in the US so that was very important I didn't have to hassle with hooking my phone up....I did it with ease and it's been working great...
Excellent product.
It works perfectly and looks nice. I am using it with At&t "pay as you go"
I am a long time Note user.. Started with the NOTE, skipped the note 2 as it just didn't seem to offer up much. Then I updated to the Note3 European unlocked and also purchased the ATT note3.. For me the Unlocked version though not LTE was super fast actually had better cell services overall and was faster than the ATT on wifi.. The att note 3 I gave away as it was an inferior product..My previous experience led me to purchase this unlocked Note4 910C after looking around and different unlocked models..At first I was a little taken back since the packaging wasn't the typical Samsung note with the labels on the outside with the disclaimer or the seal.. So did a few searches for Counterfeit products but from what I can tell this is a genuine product from Samsung..about a week ago I received a notice for and OTA update from Samsung to update to 5.1.. So far I love it.. It's gorgeous screen and pretty fast.. With the Update I now get LTE, G3, G2 and HSPA+ and they all show on the screen.. To verify I was indeed getting LTE I installed the app ookal speedtest to see how fast upload and download speeds are.. download depending on location of course but at one spot.. it was 66.32mbps and this speed range is on the cell network out in the sticks.. Maybe i just got luckyThe onboard capacity used to show 32gb with only 24gb.. Since the update it now shows the 32GB capacity..I am running a 64gb card..So overall I am very happy with the purchase.. I did not have to contact customer service but it did take me nearly a month to be sure this was a Samsung product which at this point I believe it is..
Excellent
bien
Excelent !
Totally the BEST!
Great phone! Everything mentioned that was going to come with the phone did & was in perfect condition !
Just Excellent
ok
good
Just to help others in the US out who are contemplating getting the N910C model, I'm with AT&T and it does NOT show the LTE sign when connected to AT&T mobile network, it should theoretically since the C covers all the bands that AT&T use I think but it only shows up as 4G, I even took the phone in to my local store to see if there's something they can do but alas no joy. But Whoever I've spoken to on it has told me the voice quality is excellent so who cares. I never download anything when I'm outside the house/work anyway so I don't really care if I get the LTE logo or not, as long as I can make good quality phone calls, it's fine.Now on to the phone itself, I won't repeat all the specs of the phone and how great the 2K screen is and so on, but I will just say that after owning several iPhones and other android devices in the past, the Note 4 is the best phone I have ever used. Is it perfect? Nope, but nothing is, but all of the pros of this phone, the speed, the gorgeous screen, the removable battery and micro SD storage, all of these things combine to make using this phone quite fun. I'm upgrading from a Galaxy S4 so the difference in speed and the screen is the most profound. Oh and I didn't think I'd enjoy the fingerprint scanner as much as I would. I rooted my Note 4 the day it arrived since there's no warranty on it anyway, and have installed a few customized tools/modules, which has made this phone even better!Unless the Note 5 is a huge step forward, I think this will be my sidekick for the next few years.
Saved hundreds by buying from amazon rather than the store. At first, had no mobile data.I was worried b/c when I put my sim in another phone i had data, and another sim in my phone=no data.But I had to manually enter an Access Point Network
phone is legit, got the 4g running after i put in my tmobile sim card. looks like this seller is cool
Edit: (04.26.15) After contacting them a few times between now and January, a competent employee finally gave me the info on how to make 4G work for T-Mobile. Should of came with these very important instructions as I've had to change my service multiple to compensate what wasn't even T-Mobile's problem. But I have a fully functional phone now. The phone itself has been great.No 4G/LTE service at all. I have T-Mobile. Fought for the past three months with them on fixing my network but T-Mobile is not the issue. It's this phone. Disappointment can't begin to describe how I feel.
The phone was as described and it works perfect.
Great phone, great screen and camera. Wish it had better fingerprint scanner.
excellent product
Very good product and they delivered as advertised.
I love this phone. Very good product.
I like and this is very good phone.
Some said it would never catch on, but here we are four years on from the original Galaxy Note phablet with the fourth generation device - the Samsung Galaxy Note 4.The Galaxy Note's big screen and S Pen stylus are certainly not for everyone. The Samsung Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Alpha offer a more mainstream smartphone setup - the Note 4 brings together big power, a big screen and big productivity.
Great phone and tablet. Have to adjust to the larger size as I cannot carry it on my waist due to size and prevention from damage; wearing shirts with breast pockets helps but I am still trying to figure a solution independent of shirt, cargo shorts and pants.
bought it for use with Consumer Celluler, works great! I love the phone. One little item is when it comes out of the box the default language is chinese, check the internet on how to change it, not hard...
It is an outstanding phone.The phone is amazing, better than any other around now. 
Excellent
Phone and service from vender was great.
Very good! Am very satisfied with the product.
I'm 17 and have a part time job so I was a little iffy about buying such an expensive item online because I didn't want to get a fake or something... but this Phone is AMAZING!!!I bought it from The powersellers for $744(I got the 910c)and it was in my hand 3 days later(from Florida to Connecticut) Everything works perfectly. when first tried the camera the pictures were Coming out hella blurry So I emailed the seller and they gave me advice on how to fix my problem. Anyway,the phone is awesome and I Strongly recommend it. I actually picked this over the cheaper LGG3 and I have to say S-pen is Sooo worth it! 5-Stars.
Everything as expected.
There are plenty of reviews about the phone itself, so outside of noting that the wife is very happy with her Note 4, I'm going to comment on the vendor we chose, NGP_USA_STORE.The phone did not ship from Washington, it came from Kowloon. That's no big deal, because I love Kowloon, and the phone was shipped via Fedex Air, so we received it within five days.The vendor states that the phone is new in the original box, and it certainly was. One end seal was slit open, but the other seal was intact, thereby acting like a hinge for the box. The packing film was still intact on the front and back of the phone, and there was no sign that the accessories had been removed, including the battery, which was still in its sealed bag. The phone box was very well protected in bubble wrap, and since the 910C is nominally intended for Europe, a USA adapter for the AC charger was included in the shipping box. If you have a externally powered USB hub, you really don't need the Samsung charger to charge the phone. For all intents and purposes, this phone was new in box, in perfect condition, and completely unlocked. After a quick charge, insertion of the XDSC, and transfer of the micro SIM card from her S3, the phone came to life, was recognized by the carrier, and was thus ready for service. It was almost like buying a phone in Singapore, where we purchased her old S3, and phones must be unlocked by law.We ordered the 910C because our research indicated that this phone contains the 4G bands necessary in the US for either AT&T or T Mobile. We don't have a data plan with our current carrier, Pure Talk, but thought that we should have a fully capable phone should we ever find it practical to switch. We rely on our 60mb wifi at home or free wifi at the airport for data, keeping in mind that most of the free public wifi is generally anemic; maybe that will improve with time. In the meantime, data performance of this phone using our robust home wifi is outstanding.So, not only is the wife very happy with the Samsung Note 4, we can heartily endorse this particular vendor, NGP_USA_STORE.
It works great thank you
A nice upgrade compared to previous models. It feels made of premium materials, nice touch with the metal band and slick glass screen. Screen protector isn't necessary with this device.I got this phone to finally get LTE with my service. I've always used international phones mainly because I travel often and I also prefer my phones to be vanila from the manufacture. No carrier branding, tweaks/restrictions or bloatware.And yes this phone works 100% with T-Mobile LTE, at first it didn't, I thought I ended up with the wrong phone after reading countless answered questions and forums about the N910C. It turned out I had wrong APN settings and I needed to update my SIM card to a newer one that supports LTE.
AmazingTop notch beauty
AWESOME! Had to get a sim from MetroPCS for 29 bucks works great!!!!
I have owned a GS3, a G Note Pad 2, GS3 Mini. And i must admit the Note 4 is far better. Takes some time to get used to it. And because i like to draw, the S-Pen is always in use.
The product is very nice, thank you. If I write you a problem
I bought this so it would work when I am in Argentina as well as here in the US. It was specifically designed by Samsung for South and Central America, but the 4G LTE bands also cover what AT&T offers: 4G HSPA and HSPA+: 850 MHz (Band 5), 1900 MHz (Band 2); LTE: 700 MHz: (Band 17), 850 MHz (Band 5), 1900 MHz (Band 2), 1700/2100 MHz (Band 4) depending on the area you are in and the licenses owned in that area. This phone should work on T-mobile, according to what others have said online (the other GSM network), but right now T-mobile does not use all the same band signals that this phone does (T-mobile is stated to use Band 12, not covered by N910C). I had Cricket on my old Samsung, and since AT&T bought it, I stayed with them since they offered be 20 GB per month with talk and text (I think that offer is now expired). Cricket always worked fine in the past where I live, so I'll stay with this plan for a while (AT&T would charge much more for 20 GB). Cricket used to be a CDMA network but is now GSM (AT&T bought them, but decided to keep the companies separate). It took me a bit of time to find this all out so I'm posting it here in case it helps answer others' questions.
Excellent phone. Its Faster than my previous GN3 and better battery performance too. Newer style and design looks so better. Another thing i noticed is thats GN4 runs cooler than GN3. Battery charge is very fast. Ultra energy save function is so useful.
This phone is awesome. I had a Note 2 for three years, but years of use ended my favorite phone ever. If I had known I would like the Note 4 this much I would have gotten it when it first came out. A couple of things to know and remember. First, this is the last model of Note that allows you to add a microSD card for additional memory. Second, this phone also allows you to replace the battery. The Note 5 has a solid case, and much like the iPhone, doesn't allow adding memory or changing the battery. To be honest, the battery is not a big issue. The battery life on Note phones is epic. In three years I never once had to change my battery in my Note 2, and never had it die before the end of the night, and the Note 4 battery life is even better. I can go the entire day using it and get home with 50% battery life. If there is one drawback that I dislike it is the lack of a radio. My Note 2 had a built in FM radio that allowed me to listen to the televisions at the gym when I worked out, but this does not. If they ever add the radio transmitter back to these Note phones it will be perfect.
Got exactly what I paid for he phone is brand new
I like. Very much. I got excellent phone. sealed not broken. New phone. And perfect unlocked phone. Thank you. Seller.
excellent product'm fascinated
Love it..fast and really worth the price.
The best love it
Fantastic phone
Great phone! Would not have it over any other model. Nevertheless, it has its own flaws like the super soft aluminum bazel that easily gets scratched even by my phone case, it heats up a bit more than usual and touch wizz is definitely not the best interface out there. On the other hand you get memory storage expansion, you can swap batteries and the stylus comes in handy every now and then. Multitasking is another feature that makes my life that much easier.Samsung is not gonna release the new version of touch wizz for Note 4 cause that will kill their sales of Note 5, but until they build their new Note 6 model with a removable battery (fingers crossed), Note 4 will remain the best phablet option on the market.
muy buena
This product arrived in a timely manner. It met the description as advertised. Very satisfied!!
From buying a cell phone online and getting it through the mail doesn't sound appealing, but I was wrong. The note 4 came in great condition and easy to connect to my provider. I recommend this to everyone I know.
All was Perefecto Thanks so much
Happy
Excellent customer service. Phone came with a travel charger that was not compatible with USA outlet, but I contacted the company and they rushed me out an adapter. Very nice company. Will definitely recommend them and the phones came sealed and brand new as expected. Love my phones.
Great phone!
Excelent device and very fast delivery. It's a great phone!
usually used apple devices and this is my first android device. it works well and great! impressive.
This thing rocks. It's a must have unlocked is the way to go.
It's awesome, nice style, look cool, super screen color, super picture taking, super fast for download or reading and better than Iphone 6 plus in many area.
Great device. Get this variant of the Note 4 if you want it on U.S. GSM carriers such as Straight Talk, AT&T, T-Mobile, etc. LTE is available with this variant as well. The charger that comes with the device is not for the U.S., but seller did include adapter.
Excelent
The phone works perfectly with Tmobile which has GSM network. The shipping was fast and the package protected the phone well! Love this phone!! It is very easy to use and the camera is great!
I like very very much Samsung Galaxy Note 4N910C (new).Also i am happy to buy at Amazon.
I believe the best phone on the market currently there is nothing to say about it, all that speed all the performances the one that I received is not made in China but it is originally made in Korea which I dont have much to say about but perfect phone. Had for a month an IPHONE 6 and sold it as they did not made any improvement in it had previously NOTE3 and now switching to NOTE4 there is a huge difference in design software everything I mean how Samsung payed details to everythng you can not believe. Thank you FGS trading.
Amazing phone and very good costumer service.
Works excellently! It can use 4G LTE speeds. I use T-mobiles network with Ultra Mobile and it works very well in T-mobile network areas. You have to get use to it being big if you had a smaller phone like the iphone 5S like I did. Only downside is the Samsung bloatware, but it's not too much of big deal.
I absolutely love this phone! It is so easy to use and I have had no problems whatsoever! It synced all of my email accounts (work and home) with no problem and transferred my apps with no problem. If anything, it does so much I haven't had time to play with everything as well as set up the fun things. I am sure anyone who purchases this device will be very happy.
Really good unlocked Note 4. I use mine on Straight Talk and it works flawlessly.
Well, it's an android phone. Works well but don't get 5-stars because Samsung custom modifications doesn't work very well (unlock screen sometimes don't unlock the phone, there is no additional user accounts options and takes a lot of time for new android releases to come by).
DELIVERY QUICKER THAN EXPECTED, GREAT PHONE, AWESOME SCREEN AND PICS AND SUPERB PERFOMANCE.
Husband loves it
My first Galaxy note, and I love it, especially the size. As I get older, I find that I need more reading space and this gets the job done. I was worried that it would be too big for my hand but I found it is slightly bigger than the Galaxy S4 and that was what I was looking for.
no issues at all, received as expectedi got the european cable charger adapter, but i am okay.the vendor offered to replace with the US/Caribbean version though
Perfect product
So impressed!
Love it
Takes the best pictures and very handy for meetings and persons on the go who needs information fast
excellent smartphone .. fast and fabulous !!
Coool product .. perfect service
It is perfect
I love this phone. It works perfectly on AT&T. It is inarguably the best phone out today.
Very good
so far so good
Thanks. It's very very good.
I love this phone. switched from iPhone user. I still love the iPhone but with this phone I can do a lot more
Everything OK!
So far so good. I absolutely love it. It is completely unlocked, came as promised, very light and today is the third day it is holding the charge. Very easy to operate. Love Samsung. The only issue is that the seller should have jnformed that the phkne works with the micro sim cards only. I had to go and change my sim card. Now I need to transfer all my contacts. But the phone itself is a star.
Very Good
Seem perfect. But I have to use it no know.
Great phone, great everything!!!!
Great phone and fast delivery
Superb👍👍👍
It has been a month since I am using it. Got no problems. It really is the best smartphone available in the market right now. Good battery life, awesome camera and the features added by the s pen makes it worth it's price
Great phone. I use it on MetroPCS and works flawlessly. I did buy the same model twice(910c) and the they noth came with different weird chargers from a different cointry. One charger did come with an American adapter.
As dicribed
too beautiful
Good phone！
I bought to use in korea.I tried at SKT and it works(call, mms, lms) with SKT and Uplus.
I had a very good experience with samsung but the note 4 is a really very good and also a very good battery backup what we need in the mobiles
its a great product really fast.
Phone is amazing, but the customer service in Breed is fantastic. My phone doesn't work anymore after I bought it for one month. When I called them they halped me to exchange it and also they provide a prepaid label to ship it. I strongly recommend them.
A very nice phone. Worth the money.
Screen burner
Excellent
Great deal and works great!
look great
Good.Came as described!
Just got it and I love it amazing phone
Great phone!
good to use
This phone is for the photo enthusiast. Not because of the camera but because of the screen brightness, size, and clarity. Combine this with PicSay Pro and the stylus and you have a very powerful photo editing phone. Gaming on this phone is just as rewarding. Monument Valley and Leo'so Fortune looks vivid beyond what was intended. The most obvious draw to this phone is the size but understand this pro can quickly become the con if you're not prepared. We shall see what the Note 5 can do to progress the game forward. Very curious to see this phone against the G4 when I purchase that phone. Against the iPhone 6 Plus the build quality is better on the Apple device hands down. I'm downright envious of this aspect. Where Android and the Note 4 set themselves apart is the freedom to take advantage of high resolution application and to gorgeous camera. I take the note 4 every time.
Went from using an iPhone 4 to the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and love it! Works great with the Cricket 4G LTE sim card and we are loving being free from the AT&T contract! Have been using this phone for over a month and have no complaints.
Excellent
ok
Now it is nice AND good product in Turkey. it's speed is perfect. In the future, don't know.Thank you.' I can advice it.
sealed in the original box in perfect condition excellent, eh tested with different companies and works perfectly 4g lte. Shipping was perfect
Work great except I got problem with connection with t-mobile net work when I was not home ( we have wifi at home), first one I got in white is have problem but they try to help to fix but still not work Soo they accept to return and renew in black color
I received the phone in perfect condition and very quickly! It has been working very well with no issues at all.
Great genuine product.
Color is a bit more feminine than I thought, but it works well in Brazil.
Phone, itself, is amazing. Love the freedom of the phone compared to iPhone. 4 stars because had trouble initially using the phone in a foreign country. I bought the phone in the US and then moved to Cambodia, without ever using a US simcard in the phone (as I had intended to start using the phone once I arrived in Cambodia). The Cambodian sim card wouldn't work though, and I would receive the message "network locked sim card" and a request for a passcode. Did a bunch of googling, and I think the issue came down to region lock:http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-note-4/438331-note-4-factory-locked-vs-region-lock.htmlAfter inserting my girlfriends US sim in the phone, placing a 5 minute call to a US number, then removing the US sim and replacing it with the original Cambodian sim, the Cambodian sim finally worked.So, overall, really like the phone and all of its amazing features. But if you're planning to use it internationally, be aware of possible region lock.
Best phone I've ever bought, beats my IPhone 5. The pictures are incredible!!
I got it with everything and its OK so far. It looks brand new and im having no problem.
I love my new Note 4 cell phone . It was very easy to switch over to straight talk with the AT and T sim card. I haven't had one drop call. I ordered the sim card from Walmart.com. They had them on sale for .99 cent last week. I called straight talk gave the the sim card number at the bottom of the card. The phone was on in 15 min. I went from 120.00 a month to $47.21 a month . Used the Smart Switch app to transfer all of my pictures , music , and videos. I told my friends what I did so now they want to buy a nice cell phone with low service fees.
Love it. Just wish they came with manual!
L o ve everything about it except voice sending quality on phone.
móvil data don't works with metropcs, sometimes it works, most of them times it don't.
So far I'm loving my new Samsung Galaxy note 4, the only thing missing is a user book so I could figured out certain features. Otherwise, it's an excellent phone-tablet one's can possess.I bought the unlocked one and is working fine with metro.😊😊😄
very good
I love it so very much work very good with prepaid straight talk I do not need contact save so much money .
It's a great phone
Perfect
Item was as stated with speedy delivery.
Wery good
Excellent transaction. Phone works perfectly
I received it in good condition. I was surprised that even though the screen is large the phone does not feel large. It is functioning to expectation . Exelent camera and good phone speed.
Shipped very well as expected.
Exelent
Everything ok
Beatufull, works perfec arrived in time
Great product!
Package arrived on time with everything as advertised. Phone is unlocked and works great with international SIM. Battery life is also good;
I absolutely love this phone! It works with StraightTalk without any problems at all. It has been a pleasure to learn something new about this phone/tablet (Fablet). I do end up carrying it in my hands a lot because of it's size. So if your looking for something compact, this certainly is not it. I did purchase the Galaxy Note 4 case, Caseology, which is just a cover that covers the back of the phone. I found that this would not be enough protection because of the nature of use. I ended up going to Best Buy and bought a pink Otter Box which gives wonderful protection. I also purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Screen Protector, iSmooth, Ultra Clear which was a super-pain to adhere to the front of the phone, hence the Otter Box. This was a big dollar purchase for me, but I do not have one iota of buyer's remorse.
This is an awesome device.
Amazing phone
I love this phone!! And the cost and fast shipping was excellent. I will be ordering again
Meets my expectation. Arrived quite on time. Impressed overall.
Save your money and buy this phone kids. Everything about it is fantastic and it is by far the best phone I have ever owned. This particular unlocked phone is 4G capable and can be used with T-Mobile. I originally ordered the other model but read it wasn't 4G compatible. I found this last minute and immediately cancelled my original order and bought this instead. Seriously, you won't be disappointed or have the over inflated phone bills from Verizon or Sprint. And NGP is a top notch supplier and the only place I found this phone offered. Enjoy!
Great 👍👍👍
Works perfect. Nice phone with octa core processor. But don't know why but the update to Lollipop 5.1 do not happen. I have tried through Kies and OTA but it doesn't detect any new update and still in KitKat 4.4....and Lollipop for Note 4 N910C has been releaed. I'm user from USA.Updated at 5/31/15: I'm updating to Lollipop today. 5 stars then.
Samsung rules love the phone, the phone is great in 2 days after ordering up and running. The phone came in sealed Samsung box. No problems quick charge and put in my CC sim and was on the GSM provider system. The provider couldn't be better. Safe and sound don't be scared away.
At first I was almost going to sell the phone, but as I started to play with it more, I've grown to love the note 4. I gave it 4 stars for the samsung over bloatware. Paired up to my ZenWatch & Bluetooth headphones easily. The LTE bands works with AT&T, so no problems there, because of the MANY apps built into the phone, I'm getting the same battery life as i did on my M8, which isn't good for a device with a larger battery. Overall I don't regret my purchase.
Excellent customer service. Phone came with a travel charger that was not compatible with USA outlet, but I contacted the company and they rushed me out an adapter. Very nice company. Will definitely recommend them and the phones came sealed and brand new as expected. Love my phones.
This is a fast phone. BREED is a great company fast shipping and great service. This version works with MetroPcs! LTE baby woot wow. No hiccups! Very fast, amazing display and high quality camera. Octa core!!!! Hehehe. Loving the phone.
Great phone !!
Work fine , no problems so far
FAST SHIPPING. WAS iNFRONT OF MY DOOR WAY 3 HOURS BEFORE ESTIMATED TIME . GREAT UPDATES ON WHERE MY PHONE WAS .5-STARS WORTH I LOVE MY NEW NOTE 4 (NEW)WILL BUY AGAIN IF NEED SO
excellent phone, delivery in time, i recommend!!!
The phone turned out to be excellent but the purchasing experience was more difficult than expected as the phone came programmed in such an obscure Eastern European language that it was a challenge to set it to English.
I have used it for a week now, and must say that the phone works as with any new phones. This is an internationally version, specifically Asian/China version so the power plug won't fit in the US outlets, but an adapter is provided with the phone. My carrier is Ting, so it works fine with their network. The only concern I have is if the phone ever got broken, I am not sure where to send it for service because Samsung USA I heard won't fix it.This is the risk I knew going in, so I still want to give the phone 5 stars.
Brand new condition. Better than described.
No problems so far
Worked great but S Pen would not pick up
good
Just all I expected from it really, big and bald! Easy to use, perfect for my father who is 78 and spends his time online and chatting to friends on whattsapp
It's awesome, nice style, look cool, super screen color, super picture taking, super fast for download or reading and better than Iphone 6 plus in many area.
Great device. Get this variant of the Note 4 if you want it on U.S. GSM carriers such as Straight Talk, AT&T, T-Mobile, etc. LTE is available with this variant as well. The charger that comes with the device is not for the U.S., but seller did include adapter.
Excelent
The phone works perfectly with Tmobile which has GSM network. The shipping was fast and the package protected the phone well! Love this phone!! It is very easy to use and the camera is great!
I like very very much Samsung Galaxy Note 4N910C (new).Also i am happy to buy at Amazon.
I believe the best phone on the market currently there is nothing to say about it, all that speed all the performances the one that I received is not made in China but it is originally made in Korea which I dont have much to say about but perfect phone. Had for a month an IPHONE 6 and sold it as they did not made any improvement in it had previously NOTE3 and now switching to NOTE4 there is a huge difference in design software everything I mean how Samsung payed details to everythng you can not believe. Thank you FGS trading.
Amazing phone and very good costumer service.
Coool product .. perfect service
It is perfect
I love this phone. It works perfectly on AT&T. It is inarguably the best phone out today.
Very good
so far so good
Thanks. It's very very good.
I love this phone. switched from iPhone user. I still love the iPhone but with this phone I can do a lot more
Everything OK!
I love this phone.
Everything is OK!.
More than excelent
Phone works great! Took it to TMOBILE and they hooked it right up!
Love the phone but I returned it. It is promised to be an LTE phone. It might be but I could net get LTE with this phone on AT&T. I found out that it was missing the two LTE bands that ATT requires. Other than that, could not have been a better phone. I did return it to get the Att branded phone.
A VERY NICE PHONE. DELIVERED ON SCHEDULED DATE. I REALLY LOVE IT
Excellent!!!
I read the informative specifications and technical details then compared and contrasted with similar vendors. Open Group Wireless (O.G.W) data was very transparent and it was manner in which these facts were presented that influenced my ultimate decision to select this vendor. Certainly, I can suggest the O.G.W. to be trustworthy
Full HD, super funny to draw and take notes.
Wish the price was lower when I bought it but this is in my opinion the last good phone before the non removable batteries and removing the sd card slot. Would have kind of liked the usb 3.0 with quickcharge on this though, the battery is a weakpoint. The battery will also get hot and or drain quickly. Always have portable battery on hand.
Awesome
Great phone, excellent camera, and has a removable battery.
Great phone and tablet. Have to adjust to the larger size as I cannot carry it on my waist due to size and prevention from damage; wearing shirts with breast pockets helps but I am still trying to figure a solution independent of shirt, cargo shorts and pants.
bought it for use with Consumer Celluler, works great! I love the phone. One little item is when it comes out of the box the default language is chinese, check the internet on how to change it, not hard...
It is an outstanding phone.The phone is amazing, better than any other around now. 
Excellent
Phone and service from vender was great.
Very good! Am very satisfied with the product.
I'm 17 and have a part time job so I was a little iffy about buying such an expensive item online because I didn't want to get a fake or something... but this Phone is AMAZING!!!I bought it from The powersellers for $744(I got the 910c)and it was in my hand 3 days later(from Florida to Connecticut) Everything works perfectly. when first tried the camera the pictures were Coming out hella blurry So I emailed the seller and they gave me advice on how to fix my problem. Anyway,the phone is awesome and I Strongly recommend it. I actually picked this over the cheaper LGG3 and I have to say S-pen is Sooo worth it! 5-Stars.
Everything as expected.
Excellent phone. Its Faster than my previous GN3 and better battery performance too. Newer style and design looks so better. Another thing i noticed is thats GN4 runs cooler than GN3. Battery charge is very fast. Ultra energy save function is so useful.
This phone is awesome. I had a Note 2 for three years, but years of use ended my favorite phone ever. If I had known I would like the Note 4 this much I would have gotten it when it first came out. A couple of things to know and remember. First, this is the last model of Note that allows you to add a microSD card for additional memory. Second, this phone also allows you to replace the battery. The Note 5 has a solid case, and much like the iPhone, doesn't allow adding memory or changing the battery. To be honest, the battery is not a big issue. The battery life on Note phones is epic. In three years I never once had to change my battery in my Note 2, and never had it die before the end of the night, and the Note 4 battery life is even better. I can go the entire day using it and get home with 50% battery life. If there is one drawback that I dislike it is the lack of a radio. My Note 2 had a built in FM radio that allowed me to listen to the televisions at the gym when I worked out, but this does not. If they ever add the radio transmitter back to these Note phones it will be perfect.
Got exactly what I paid for he phone is brand new
I like. Very much. I got excellent phone. sealed not broken. New phone. And perfect unlocked phone. Thank you. Seller.
Excelent !
Totally the BEST!
Great phone! Everything mentioned that was going to come with the phone did & was in perfect condition !
Just Excellent
ok
good
Just to help others in the US out who are contemplating getting the N910C model, I'm with AT&T and it does NOT show the LTE sign when connected to AT&T mobile network, it should theoretically since the C covers all the bands that AT&T use I think but it only shows up as 4G, I even took the phone in to my local store to see if there's something they can do but alas no joy. But Whoever I've spoken to on it has told me the voice quality is excellent so who cares. I never download anything when I'm outside the house/work anyway so I don't really care if I get the LTE logo or not, as long as I can make good quality phone calls, it's fine.Now on to the phone itself, I won't repeat all the specs of the phone and how great the 2K screen is and so on, but I will just say that after owning several iPhones and other android devices in the past, the Note 4 is the best phone I have ever used. Is it perfect? Nope, but nothing is, but all of the pros of this phone, the speed, the gorgeous screen, the removable battery and micro SD storage, all of these things combine to make using this phone quite fun. I'm upgrading from a Galaxy S4 so the difference in speed and the screen is the most profound. Oh and I didn't think I'd enjoy the fingerprint scanner as much as I would. I rooted my Note 4 the day it arrived since there's no warranty on it anyway, and have installed a few customized tools/modules, which has made this phone even better!Unless the Note 5 is a huge step forward, I think this will be my sidekick for the next few years.
Saved hundreds by buying from amazon rather than the store. At first, had no mobile data.I was worried b/c when I put my sim in another phone i had data, and another sim in my phone=no data.But I had to manually enter an Access Point Network
excellent product'm fascinated
Love it..fast and really worth the price.
The best love it
Fantastic phone
Great phone! Would not have it over any other model. Nevertheless, it has its own flaws like the super soft aluminum bazel that easily gets scratched even by my phone case, it heats up a bit more than usual and touch wizz is definitely not the best interface out there. On the other hand you get memory storage expansion, you can swap batteries and the stylus comes in handy every now and then. Multitasking is another feature that makes my life that much easier.Samsung is not gonna release the new version of touch wizz for Note 4 cause that will kill their sales of Note 5, but until they build their new Note 6 model with a removable battery (fingers crossed), Note 4 will remain the best phablet option on the market.
muy buena
This product arrived in a timely manner. It met the description as advertised. Very satisfied!!
From buying a cell phone online and getting it through the mail doesn't sound appealing, but I was wrong. The note 4 came in great condition and easy to connect to my provider. I recommend this to everyone I know.
All was Perefecto Thanks so much
Great phone
An Unlock att phone. To fix to Data data roaming need to be able (check) for tmobile data to work in usa. Top left corner touch not work need multiple tap. Could be software or calibration issues. Tmobile 4g pretty cool. Data work only when on call before fix.
I have had this phone for almost a year now, and it has been the best phone I have ever had! From the ease of use, and strong front glass, I would recommend this phone to any wanting a new device. Even though that this device isn't the newest model, it still works better than some other phones after this time span.Pros:S-Pen, while I don't use it everyday, I do find it handy for the Smart Select and Screen Write.Strong front glass, the glass has failed to crack or scratch, but I have taken VERY good care of it. (I have not used a screen protector at all during the 9 months I have used it)Speaker, with my case that I have on the phone it muffles the sound when place on a flat surface. The speaker is very loud, but it is a pain having it on the underside of the phone.Design, the phone's size is not a problem with me because I have larger sized hands, but for people with smaller hands, I would recommend a smaller phone. Also the leather backplate is very stylish when the phone isn't in its case. The phones does have very crisp corners which adds to the design appeal of the phone.Removable Backplate, this allows for the removal of the battery, SD-card, and Sim card. This is handy because of the ease of replacing the battery if it were to fail. I also have installed a 64GB SD card, from Samsung, into the phone because I had run out of storage (which is mainly pictures).Battery Life, this is the best battery life of a phone I have ever had! It lasts all day with normal use with 40-60% left at the end of the day. Sometimes I will have to charge it over the course of the day because I am using it quite heavily (Gaming or video streaming). The fast charging feature is also an awesome feature, it allows for 50% in 30 minutes. I have used this to charge my phone up only a little when I needed that little boost.Camera, this camera is very nice with many different features. It captures 4K video, and great quality pics. It also does slow-mo and fast motion. The camera app is also very customizable with many different options available.Cons:Fingerprint Scanner, when I first used the phone, I had 3 fingers in the system. This made the scanner inaccurate (1 in 5-10 swipes worked) which was an inconvenience. Because of the need to swipe, it can take many times to register your fingerprint as correct. This is one of the most annoying things that plagues this phone. (The Note 5 and S6 have removed this requirement)Home button, the button worked fine for the first 8 months, but it has started to make loud clicking noises when I press it. It is still functional, and it only does it 35-40% of the time. I have researched it, and most people online with the same issue solved it with cleaning the button with rubbing alcohol.Built-in storage, I did buy the 32GB version of the phone, and for a while I was fine on storage, but I had almost filled it up with pictures and apps in Nov. 2015. I did purchase a 64GB SD-card (mentioned earlier) and it works great! All my photos are sent to the SD card and my phone is slowly gaining more built-in storage space. (I did move larger apps to my SD-card to save on storage space.)F.A.Q:Q: Does the S-Pen fall out?A: No, it has never fallen out, and the phones has a feature that warns you when you wander too far from your Pen. (About 20-30 feet)Q: Is this a big phone? As big as the 6+ and 6s+?A: Yes this is a big phones, and it is a little bit bigger than the 6+ and 6s+, but not by much!Q: How do you use such a big phone with one hand??!?!?A: I have learned to use it, and now I just am able to use it like any other phone.Q: Since you don't use a screen protector, does your screen get scratched?A: My screen only has one very tiny scratch on it (which I have to look hard to find), but I have taken care of my phone, (i.e. not throwing it around, keeping it protected in pockets and backpacks from loose change and keys, and trying not to drop it onto hard surfaces like concrete) however this is a very robust phone, so if you are worried just use a screen protector and a good case with sides that pop up above the screen.Overall this is a very great phone with it's very eloquent design, S-Pen, and quality camera. I would recommend this phone to anyone that wants a phone for a good price, and doesn't mind not having the latest gadget.*I also use the Galaxy Gear 2 Neo as a smartwatch, which is a nice watch to pair with this phone.
Cellphone is very fast compared to my Verizon Galaxy S5. I connected mine to Cricket Wireless and it works great!
Excellent phone!
Great phone. Brand new sealed box as promised and worked out of the box on my Cricket SIM after manually setting the data proxies and protocols. I live in a dead zone for cell signals and can actually make and take calls on this phone and receive 3G data connections in certain spots in the house. My Note 3 could only use wi-fi at home and only receive texts 3 miles down the road. The biggest sell for this phone (as a US customer) is no US carrier apps and other crap that is bundled on domestic phones.
Phone works great in Trinidad and Tobago on the Digicel network. Absolutely no complaints. Put in my sim card, did the initial set up and the phone was up and running. I haven't explored all the features on the phone as yet but I will get around to it soon enough. Phone came brand new, no seals on the box were broken. Would definitely recommend this seller.
phone is legit, got the 4g running after i put in my tmobile sim card. looks like this seller is cool
Edit: (04.26.15) After contacting them a few times between now and January, a competent employee finally gave me the info on how to make 4G work for T-Mobile. Should of came with these very important instructions as I've had to change my service multiple to compensate what wasn't even T-Mobile's problem. But I have a fully functional phone now. The phone itself has been great.No 4G/LTE service at all. I have T-Mobile. Fought for the past three months with them on fixing my network but T-Mobile is not the issue. It's this phone. Disappointment can't begin to describe how I feel.
The phone was as described and it works perfect.
Great phone, great screen and camera. Wish it had better fingerprint scanner.
excellent product
Very good product and they delivered as advertised.
I love this phone. Very good product.
I like and this is very good phone.
Some said it would never catch on, but here we are four years on from the original Galaxy Note phablet with the fourth generation device - the Samsung Galaxy Note 4.The Galaxy Note's big screen and S Pen stylus are certainly not for everyone. The Samsung Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Alpha offer a more mainstream smartphone setup - the Note 4 brings together big power, a big screen and big productivity.
Great phone, use it for Straight Talk. Very easy to convert over. Some features don't work due to using a tracphone but the company i got it from was great. Arrived on time and in the condition i expected. Just like the photos they had.
Love this phone. It came a day late but it was sealed in original box. Been using note 4 for about a month works perfectly...
Not shipped as advertised...came with wrong build and OS....returned but a beautiful phone
Works great! Absolutely favorite phone ever. Came new in sealed box. Took my SIM card out of my old AT&T Galaxy SIII and put it in this new Note 4, and am up and running. Don't know yet if it will work with overseas SIM cards, but I have no reason to doubt it.Comes with overseas plugin set so you may need a different one to fit your outlets.
Just what I wanted! Excellent
Awesome phone! Blows any iPhone away! Best phone I have ever owned! Samsung comes through once again!
I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my husband. He loves it! We needed an unlocked phone because we live in Korea and travel to other countries in Asia, in addition to visiting the USA every summer. My husband loves the fact that his phone works like a spare computer for when we are traveling.
This is an awesome phone, it does everything you want it to and more. The multi window feature is so useful, I don't know how I lived without it before this. Upgraded from an LG G2 and am loving it. The fingerprint scanner may not always work but if you do a nice clean swipe it works almost every time, it can be a bit frustrating on an angle though but it still works really well. The private mode on the phone is also nice if you want to hide just a couple things from everybody seeing.
Great phone! No complaints! Works well with no issues. Using it with Straight Talk...
Love my phone
came in time. product is good.
Works great so far. No complaints.
I am almost speechless about this phone. It is frigin AWESOME !!!!
Phone arrived in box, new and working perfectly, and I have very much enjoyed using this phone-- and will continue to. I still consider the Note 4 to be one of the best, if not the best, phones on the market and it runs fast and smooth. International version is not locked and thus allows me to keep it up to date and use any SIM (worked with my AT&T SIM card without any issues) and has better sound than the other version-- for those who listen to music a lot on their phone. The Note 4 takes awesome pictures and records great video, and since it still has the SD card slot and removable battery, I can record 4K video without worrying that my space is going to be gone quickly. I see myself using this phone for years to come-- even if Samsung were to stop supporting it, one can install ROMs on this one, and I see no need to upgrade from such a wonderful phone.
Excellent phone. No complaints. No issues so far.
After searching for a while and hate Samsung for S6 no SD, I decided to go for Note4. Happy with the choice. Exactly what I was looking for.
Everything was perfect. ..
My experience so far is really good.
Love it. No issues at all on AT&T. Supports all US LTE bands.OS is newer than most Note 4's released by the common stateside carriers.
Perfect.
It is working so perfectly well. Don't regret buying it. The camera is more than awesome. Planning to buy one on Father's day for my husband. I love it
Phone is great.No warranty from Square trade or Samsung.
As a note my seller was mercate group. Seems as though some people are getting a mixed bag as to quality based on the seller - that's why I mentioned the one I dealt with.Received the phone today. I work in IT so I'm quite hard on quality. Box was sealed as if it was straight from the factory. All factory protectors were present on the device. There was no visible defect on my device. I put in my AT&T sim and had 4G LTE connection immediately (I'm located in NY in the US). After which I checked for and received the most recent OTA update. Did an IMEI check and it's clean. Rooted the device after this and it rooted without issue. Found this device was originally available in the UK as that was the default language setting on initial startup. Obviously it had the foreign charging adapter, however I found my Moto turbo charge has enough to activate the fast charge mode on the device - that's a plus.Overall I love the device I'm so glad to be back on a Samsung device as my experience with the Moto X Pure was terrible.
Good
Nothng to complan...EXCELLENT PRODUCT..!! Works like a charm...!!!
I'm from argentina and the works perfectly
Very satisfied I was skeptical because of some of the reviews I was very happy when I got the phone brand new very easy to transfer over ..I would definitely recommend this seller technomaster......I live in the US so that was very important I didn't have to hassle with hooking my phone up....I did it with ease and it's been working great...
Excellent product.
It works perfectly and looks nice. I am using it with At&t "pay as you go"
I am a long time Note user.. Started with the NOTE, skipped the note 2 as it just didn't seem to offer up much. Then I updated to the Note3 European unlocked and also purchased the ATT note3.. For me the Unlocked version though not LTE was super fast actually had better cell services overall and was faster than the ATT on wifi.. The att note 3 I gave away as it was an inferior product..My previous experience led me to purchase this unlocked Note4 910C after looking around and different unlocked models..At first I was a little taken back since the packaging wasn't the typical Samsung note with the labels on the outside with the disclaimer or the seal.. So did a few searches for Counterfeit products but from what I can tell this is a genuine product from Samsung..about a week ago I received a notice for and OTA update from Samsung to update to 5.1.. So far I love it.. It's gorgeous screen and pretty fast.. With the Update I now get LTE, G3, G2 and HSPA+ and they all show on the screen.. To verify I was indeed getting LTE I installed the app ookal speedtest to see how fast upload and download speeds are.. download depending on location of course but at one spot.. it was 66.32mbps and this speed range is on the cell network out in the sticks.. Maybe i just got luckyThe onboard capacity used to show 32gb with only 24gb.. Since the update it now shows the 32GB capacity..I am running a 64gb card..So overall I am very happy with the purchase.. I did not have to contact customer service but it did take me nearly a month to be sure this was a Samsung product which at this point I believe it is..
Excellent
bien
Had to confirm it to be in English but then my voicemail messages were shown in a none gish language in the notifications... I think I fixed it by going to settings and switching the device language back and forth... and restarting between changes... I think there is an let function missing. This device is from Pakistan o.O ............ it's beautiful and battery is alright... but if you need a lot from your phone your battery goes down 1% every few minutes? Not so bad? It works fine with tmobile but you need to set your apn settings and search for your network...I use the pen a lot. I almost lost it though so...
After a heck of a lot of reading of reviews and going back and forth between various forums, I'm glad I finally settled on this phone. From the actual model and from the distributor. There was an initial scare that something was damaged in the sensors in the screen (wouldn't read the s-pen input within a certain parameter of the screen) but that went away (hoping it doesn't come back). Box for me was completely sealed with no evidence of opening; though I may just not know what to look for. The n910c connected to T-mobile no problem. Just make sure you change your apn to fast.tmobile.com instead of what's been suggested on some forums around the web; looks like t-mobile updated/changed their apn codes or something.
No problem.
Excellent!!!
Very convenient
Best upgrade I had (moved from htc m7 to sgn 4) I'm currently under metro pcs hope this help but I don't get full bars but still good with 3 bars
I love it!!! I absolutely love it!! 👌👍
The best phone that ever have, I only miss some features of lollipop that samsung get away with touchwiz (use the notification bar with the screen unlocked, the multiuser funtion and other details like those)
Good phone, as usual, but still a little too touchy for me
Excellent
Depending on what you're look for on Samsung Galaxy Note smartphone platforms, I think this Galaxy Note 4 N910C has it all. There is no need look further or to jump for the preceeding odd model of this Note 4 because of the limiting features of the hardware. Don't get me wrong though. The Note 5 lacks external memory expansion and changeable and disopable source of energy. I would stick with the Note 4 for now till the succeeding even Note comes. The challenge for replaceable lithium ion battery is because of it's heaviness. Ultra elite smartphones coming out now are going lite and thinner.Note by, make sure your cell carrier or network provider supports this model of the Note 4. If your Network is LTE capable, I bet ya you would enjoy the speed of data connectivity comes from this phone. However, the H model this phone is only limited the H and H+ network feed receptions. But however, H+ signals are also comparable to LTE Network signals in high surge network reception area.Overall, look no further and make sure it meets your needs. This is a high end low buget smartphone for the high end andriod smart phones.
100% satisfied. Thank you
👍
Very happy. Great phone.
Amazing phone
Best Phone Work for working.
There are plenty of reviews about the phone itself, so outside of noting that the wife is very happy with her Note 4, I'm going to comment on the vendor we chose, NGP_USA_STORE.The phone did not ship from Washington, it came from Kowloon. That's no big deal, because I love Kowloon, and the phone was shipped via Fedex Air, so we received it within five days.The vendor states that the phone is new in the original box, and it certainly was. One end seal was slit open, but the other seal was intact, thereby acting like a hinge for the box. The packing film was still intact on the front and back of the phone, and there was no sign that the accessories had been removed, including the battery, which was still in its sealed bag. The phone box was very well protected in bubble wrap, and since the 910C is nominally intended for Europe, a USA adapter for the AC charger was included in the shipping box. If you have a externally powered USB hub, you really don't need the Samsung charger to charge the phone. For all intents and purposes, this phone was new in box, in perfect condition, and completely unlocked. After a quick charge, insertion of the XDSC, and transfer of the micro SIM card from her S3, the phone came to life, was recognized by the carrier, and was thus ready for service. It was almost like buying a phone in Singapore, where we purchased her old S3, and phones must be unlocked by law.We ordered the 910C because our research indicated that this phone contains the 4G bands necessary in the US for either AT&T or T Mobile. We don't have a data plan with our current carrier, Pure Talk, but thought that we should have a fully capable phone should we ever find it practical to switch. We rely on our 60mb wifi at home or free wifi at the airport for data, keeping in mind that most of the free public wifi is generally anemic; maybe that will improve with time. In the meantime, data performance of this phone using our robust home wifi is outstanding.So, not only is the wife very happy with the Samsung Note 4, we can heartily endorse this particular vendor, NGP_USA_STORE.
It works great thank you
A nice upgrade compared to previous models. It feels made of premium materials, nice touch with the metal band and slick glass screen. Screen protector isn't necessary with this device.I got this phone to finally get LTE with my service. I've always used international phones mainly because I travel often and I also prefer my phones to be vanila from the manufacture. No carrier branding, tweaks/restrictions or bloatware.And yes this phone works 100% with T-Mobile LTE, at first it didn't, I thought I ended up with the wrong phone after reading countless answered questions and forums about the N910C. It turned out I had wrong APN settings and I needed to update my SIM card to a newer one that supports LTE.
AmazingTop notch beauty
AWESOME! Had to get a sim from MetroPCS for 29 bucks works great!!!!
I have owned a GS3, a G Note Pad 2, GS3 Mini. And i must admit the Note 4 is far better. Takes some time to get used to it. And because i like to draw, the S-Pen is always in use.
The product is very nice, thank you. If I write you a problem
I bought this so it would work when I am in Argentina as well as here in the US. It was specifically designed by Samsung for South and Central America, but the 4G LTE bands also cover what AT&T offers: 4G HSPA and HSPA+: 850 MHz (Band 5), 1900 MHz (Band 2); LTE: 700 MHz: (Band 17), 850 MHz (Band 5), 1900 MHz (Band 2), 1700/2100 MHz (Band 4) depending on the area you are in and the licenses owned in that area. This phone should work on T-mobile, according to what others have said online (the other GSM network), but right now T-mobile does not use all the same band signals that this phone does (T-mobile is stated to use Band 12, not covered by N910C). I had Cricket on my old Samsung, and since AT&T bought it, I stayed with them since they offered be 20 GB per month with talk and text (I think that offer is now expired). Cricket always worked fine in the past where I live, so I'll stay with this plan for a while (AT&T would charge much more for 20 GB). Cricket used to be a CDMA network but is now GSM (AT&T bought them, but decided to keep the companies separate). It took me a bit of time to find this all out so I'm posting it here in case it helps answer others' questions.
It's a wonderful phone. What is impressed me most is the vendor, PowerSellers. The phone I got came from overseas and, when I had a problem with it, I thought "Oh, boy. Here we go." I could not have been more wrong, though. Nestor at PowerSellers went above and beyond to take care of me. I could not be more pleased.
Nice phone...works wll in Trinidad and Tobago, on TSTT network and enjoys both voice and data service wit this model.
Very good
Arrived faster than expected! This is a great phone and much more affordable than purchasing from AT&T (which is around $680 total) though the unlocked version has no warranty.I've had mine for over a month now and it works flawlessly with AT&T's 4G! Can't wait to test it when I travel overseas!
Thanks this was worth it . Will be ordering from you guys in the future
I am very satisfied with this phone, it is far more than what expected
Am trying it
Its genuine, and in perfect condition. Hopefully, i wont have any issues. Though it came with a "Type G" adapter, which i cant really use.
A+
Nice phone came with everything arrived earlier than expected which was a plus for me battery kinda ran out faster than expected but great phone.
IT IS A EXCELLENT PHONE
I receive what I ordenes. It is working fine
Phone totally meets expiations, was shipped fast and arrived quickly. Works well with T-Mobile and was surprised on now long the battery life is on this pone. can easily get two days with some to spare. Overall very pleased with this model of the Galaxy Note 4, best of all unlocked and no contract.
Birthday present
Excellent!
there's no way back from Note!I just put chip in and started with settings. Everything working fine even with the corporate airwatch which email service is just horrible but not related to the phone. touch of the screen is super and works so fast. Fast charger is a plus even though some other phones has them. Camera and screen resoultion will make you impossible to get back to smaller screens. Worth the value!!
Expectations...Yes!...very, very...
Excellent product
All components arrived organized and in tact. Quite an excellent phone; I got it so I could root it and did just that quite seamlessly.
Didnt work full LTE with tmobile in Texas so I had to return. Not truly this phones fault as it's listed online
Satisfied customer! After purchasing from a different seller of the same phone, at last I got a phone that is true as it is advertised. The phone is really new!
ok
Pretty awesome phone, very fast, haven't lagged onde, at least until now, the 3 gb of ram are definetely doing its thing, updated to android 6.0.1 as soon as I connected to a WiFi, has a beautiful big display. Overall a great buy.
I like it unique ability to adapt
It works like brand new great battery life and fast response. Has an amazing camera!!!!!
Great phone. No problems!!
No comment this product is 100% brand new... all accesoires is includes. I can't give 5 stars just because the charger... a don't no wich contry use that s**t. But thanks
Works great.
I love my New Galaxy Note 4 ☆☆☆☆☆
The Best Phone in market.
Lots of improvements of the note 3. The 1st thing I noticed us how quick the note 4 booted in 10 seconds... wow so fast.... and the second thing I noticed after 5 min of heavy usage the phone does not get hot at all. GREAT SCOTT!! Having 2 cpus on one phone is like adding another turbo to a car. Very responsive on ui and operating the phone. Playing with GPS, emailing, playing clash of clans and watching YouTube while texting. This phone is a beast. I almost got the note 5 but I heard horror stories about the S pen getting stuck and making the phone paper weight. Not only that but the unremovable battery was also unsettling but the adaptive charging is insane though. The note series in my honest opinion is that it's a hit and miss. The note 2 and 4 are great phones. Notes 1, 3, and 5 had major issues either with the hardware or new tech that was introduced but not optimized yet. That's what makes me excited by the note 6. Anyway back to the note 4. This phone is ridiculously good. I might hold off on getting a new phone for a while. I only touched one camera feature called virtual tour and having so much fun with it. This phone does work with Ting and I currently reside in California. 4glte does not work with ting unfortunately but I do get 4g which is better than nothing. Sometimes I get H or H+ which is a varient of 3g. This is my review of 1 note 4 version out of a dozen. Another new tool I saw was the heart rate monitor and can also use a finger print to unlock the phone! Another thing I noticed after somebody stole my note 3 and resorted to getting this phone is that this phone has a higher frequency of the WiFi setting. My old router couldn't recognize this phone. I had to upgrade the router that was last updated 2005. So much has changed in terms of technology since then. I remember reading a review on another forum of some lady ordering 4 new note 4s. Yes that's right she ordered 4 just because she thought her WiFi wasn't working. She turned in a new note 4 for another one 4 times. LOL verizon is very mean to her... either that or she's rude and verizon decided to troll her without her knowing. XD Anyway note 4 is a great phone. K thx bye.
Excellent phone. Its Faster than my previous GN3 and better battery performance too. Newer style and design looks so better. Another thing i noticed is thats GN4 runs cooler than GN3. Battery charge is very fast. Ultra energy save function is so useful.
Got exactly what I paid for he phone is brand new
I like. Very much. I got excellent phone. sealed not broken. New phone. And perfect unlocked phone. Thank you. Seller.
excellent product'm fascinated
Love it..fast and really worth the price.
The best love it
Fantastic phone
Great phone! Would not have it over any other model. Nevertheless, it has its own flaws like the super soft aluminum bazel that easily gets scratched even by my phone case, it heats up a bit more than usual and touch wizz is definitely not the best interface out there. On the other hand you get memory storage expansion, you can swap batteries and the stylus comes in handy every now and then. Multitasking is another feature that makes my life that much easier.Samsung is not gonna release the new version of touch wizz for Note 4 cause that will kill their sales of Note 5, but until they build their new Note 6 model with a removable battery (fingers crossed), Note 4 will remain the best phablet option on the market.
muy buena
This product arrived in a timely manner. It met the description as advertised. Very satisfied!!
From buying a cell phone online and getting it through the mail doesn't sound appealing, but I was wrong. The note 4 came in great condition and easy to connect to my provider. I recommend this to everyone I know.
All was Perefecto Thanks so much
phone is legit, got the 4g running after i put in my tmobile sim card. looks like this seller is cool
excellent product
Very good product and they delivered as advertised.
I love this phone. Very good product.
I like and this is very good phone.
Some said it would never catch on, but here we are four years on from the original Galaxy Note phablet with the fourth generation device - the Samsung Galaxy Note 4.The Galaxy Note's big screen and S Pen stylus are certainly not for everyone. The Samsung Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Alpha offer a more mainstream smartphone setup - the Note 4 brings together big power, a big screen and big productivity.
The item work perfectly as described. The only issue is the plug that came in the package is for a different region and does not work in US. I have a separate charger, so it is not an issue. Would recommend to buy from them if you are looking for a new phone.
Awesome
The Best Phone Ever Arrived Just Perfectly pretty fast, update it to lollypop 5.1 and no lag so ever, im using it on Venezuela and Works 4G LTE with Movistar and Digitel i haven't tried on Movilnet because that company SUCKS i will buy this phone again
Great Sellars
Everything was in order!
Thanks
Great phone. This is a the best phone I have ever owned. It worked well in the USA and the Caribbean (Trinidad/ Barbados) I was considering choosing the Samsung galaxy s6 but I did not like the idea of not being able to expand the memory. I am glad that I choose the note 4. Battery life is good and when need to, charges quickly.
Very fast delivery was so happy wen it showed up early. Great phone working perfectly no problems. Great seller recommended to my friends. A some Attttttt
Full HD, super funny to draw and take notes.
Wish the price was lower when I bought it but this is in my opinion the last good phone before the non removable batteries and removing the sd card slot. Would have kind of liked the usb 3.0 with quickcharge on this though, the battery is a weakpoint. The battery will also get hot and or drain quickly. Always have portable battery on hand.
Awesome
Great phone, excellent camera, and has a removable battery.
I love this phone.
Everything is OK!.
More than excelent
Phone works great! Took it to TMOBILE and they hooked it right up!
Love the phone but I returned it. It is promised to be an LTE phone. It might be but I could net get LTE with this phone on AT&T. I found out that it was missing the two LTE bands that ATT requires. Other than that, could not have been a better phone. I did return it to get the Att branded phone.
A VERY NICE PHONE. DELIVERED ON SCHEDULED DATE. I REALLY LOVE IT
Excellent!!!
I read the informative specifications and technical details then compared and contrasted with similar vendors. Open Group Wireless (O.G.W) data was very transparent and it was manner in which these facts were presented that influenced my ultimate decision to select this vendor. Certainly, I can suggest the O.G.W. to be trustworthy
came in time. product is good.
Works great so far. No complaints.
Phone arrived in box, new and working perfectly, and I have very much enjoyed using this phone-- and will continue to. I still consider the Note 4 to be one of the best, if not the best, phones on the market and it runs fast and smooth. International version is not locked and thus allows me to keep it up to date and use any SIM (worked with my AT&T SIM card without any issues) and has better sound than the other version-- for those who listen to music a lot on their phone. The Note 4 takes awesome pictures and records great video, and since it still has the SD card slot and removable battery, I can record 4K video without worrying that my space is going to be gone quickly. I see myself using this phone for years to come-- even if Samsung were to stop supporting it, one can install ROMs on this one, and I see no need to upgrade from such a wonderful phone.
Excellent phone. No complaints. No issues so far.
After searching for a while and hate Samsung for S6 no SD, I decided to go for Note4. Happy with the choice. Exactly what I was looking for.
Happy
Excellent customer service. Phone came with a travel charger that was not compatible with USA outlet, but I contacted the company and they rushed me out an adapter. Very nice company. Will definitely recommend them and the phones came sealed and brand new as expected. Love my phones.
Great phone!
Excelent device and very fast delivery. It's a great phone!
usually used apple devices and this is my first android device. it works well and great! impressive.
Great phone
Cellphone is very fast compared to my Verizon Galaxy S5. I connected mine to Cricket Wireless and it works great!
Excellent phone!
Phone works great in Trinidad and Tobago on the Digicel network. Absolutely no complaints. Put in my sim card, did the initial set up and the phone was up and running. I haven't explored all the features on the phone as yet but I will get around to it soon enough. Phone came brand new, no seals on the box were broken. Would definitely recommend this seller.
good
Versatile. I take a lot of notes.
Nice
awesome
My dreams that have come true!!!! I can it's big but fits in the pocket ok, and the stock battery is actually really good! With normal use I got 30 hours on one charge and that was with heavy texting and some game playing as well. So far I bought it for my byop strait talk plan and it's been great!
Great product. Arrived on time. Love the phone
I love my note 4 I am so inlove with it
works perfectly, so far. since it was not bought through T-Mobile or other providers and is an international version, it has only 3G access! but that's fine.
Excellent, Works perfectly in COLOMBIA.
Great phone. Love it. Got it on Metro PCS. It did take 2 long phone calls to finally get the APN right for the network but awesome phone.
arrived on time and work very good
Item arrived quickly and as advertised.
Just what I expected!
Very good product. Very premium. It's the best!
Nice phone, but bad speaker.
Nice phone and working perfectly
Excelent !
Totally the BEST!
Great phone! Everything mentioned that was going to come with the phone did & was in perfect condition !
Just Excellent
ok
good
Just to help others in the US out who are contemplating getting the N910C model, I'm with AT&T and it does NOT show the LTE sign when connected to AT&T mobile network, it should theoretically since the C covers all the bands that AT&T use I think but it only shows up as 4G, I even took the phone in to my local store to see if there's something they can do but alas no joy. But Whoever I've spoken to on it has told me the voice quality is excellent so who cares. I never download anything when I'm outside the house/work anyway so I don't really care if I get the LTE logo or not, as long as I can make good quality phone calls, it's fine.Now on to the phone itself, I won't repeat all the specs of the phone and how great the 2K screen is and so on, but I will just say that after owning several iPhones and other android devices in the past, the Note 4 is the best phone I have ever used. Is it perfect? Nope, but nothing is, but all of the pros of this phone, the speed, the gorgeous screen, the removable battery and micro SD storage, all of these things combine to make using this phone quite fun. I'm upgrading from a Galaxy S4 so the difference in speed and the screen is the most profound. Oh and I didn't think I'd enjoy the fingerprint scanner as much as I would. I rooted my Note 4 the day it arrived since there's no warranty on it anyway, and have installed a few customized tools/modules, which has made this phone even better!Unless the Note 5 is a huge step forward, I think this will be my sidekick for the next few years.
Saved hundreds by buying from amazon rather than the store. At first, had no mobile data.I was worried b/c when I put my sim in another phone i had data, and another sim in my phone=no data.But I had to manually enter an Access Point Network
Because of failing vision, I bought the Note 4 (my third Galaxy) primarily for its screen size and font size, and was surprised by the wealth of other features. For example, S-voice, which is like iPhone's Siri,does so many tasks, like addressing a text message, providing for dictating the text, tapping on the text to bring up a keyboard screen, where you can manually correct, then dictate some more. This is just the tip of the iceberg about the Note 4. It suits me just fine and then some. Highly recommended.
Very great!
Was delivered on time. Awesome phone. International phone from United Arab Emirates - came with charger for that country with US adapter. Was able to take SIM card from my Walmart Family Mobile prepaid plan phone (Samsung Galaxy S II), put into Note 4 and was up and running in minutes.
Good
This Note 4 is an awesome phone that has far exceeded my expectations. I have gone from using both a cell phone and a tablet to just the note...it's both devices combined into one! The graphics are amazing, Excellent devise.
VERY GOOD , NO PROBLEM IT WORK FINE
I love the phone and it came exactly the same as described in product details. It was delivered on the same day that they promised
Excellent all came on time.
It's a very good phone with the big screenI love it
Excelent in any way
Using on Straight Talk
The is superb...i love the thin design and the dimension of this phone...the features and the quality of camera is one of the quality i've seen.
I've had this phone for a few days and it works great. The only issue that i have is that the included charger is European and comes with a flimsy US adapter which attaches loosely. It makes it difficult to plug into a wall recptacle because it is trying to support the wait of charger. I've attached a photo to illustrate it.
Good
I absolutely love this phone. I'm glad I got it over the note 5 because the note 5 has a nano sim and no sd card slot. That wouldn't have cut it for me. It's only going to get better once I get my 10000mah battery for it.
It is a very pretty phone, easy to mansge, and Down loads apps. It is working as expected. I've been having it for a while and I have no problems so far.
Great item
Got it in good shape
Awesome phone
I love this phone but it is only compatible with At &T unlike what is stated.
Very good.
great
It's a great phone only thing I haven't got the marshmellow update as yet
very good. bought this one two yrs ago and drop it in the water last month now I bought another one. It works great. Stay cool and battery last a long time.
thanks everything perfect.
I absolutely love this phone! It shipped to me very fast and was in very new like condition when I received it. This is the best phone I have ever had. I will never go back to an iPhone. The picture is very clear and it takes awesome photos. I am very pleased!!
very good
just perfect
Wawww!!! Great product.
Very nice item
Awesome product! Loving the note 4!
The best Smarth phone in the market!!!
I had I pad mini 2 with Retina display; I was angry one day so I hit my I pad on the wall and broke the screen. Now I want to buy new phone and I compered between this device and I phone 6 plus, but really I feel this device is better than I phone 6 plus
Works good
i will recommend this phone is the best...
NICE...
Nice phone
Best phone I have ever seen...
I had the Note 4 on my to-buy list for almost 4 months. I waited because I knew Samsung would be releasing the Note 5 and I wanted to see what the Note 5 would offer. Samsung screwed up big time with the Note 5 because you can' t replacle your battery NOR expand memory/space like you can with the Note 4.But my Note 4 has performed as expected and I've only had to restart my phone a few times because of software glitches caused by updates. I can honestly say that I LUV my phone. But If Samsung doesn't offer consumers the option to replace their battery and increase space on future Galaxy Note releases, I'll be buying my next smart phone from a different company and it will be "So long! Goodbye Samsung!"
Very nice phone it has all the features o was expecting,camera is superb takes excepionally good pictures, vouldnt desire better.Thank you amazon.
not a bit of problem with this one! I'm a very happy customer
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it.
Unfortunately I bought this off a third party seller. He never sent it. My review is on another galaxy note 4 that I purchased. The phone is awesome. No regrets. With that said. I love my samsung s5 better. But the screen on the note 4 is unbeatable.
I LOVE IT! So far no issues. This is international version and there are some features not the same or missing with the US version but it doesn't matter for me.
NO complaints yet ... Im from Trinidad an it works down here ... I can t get over how awesome the display is, its really something..
Very good phone.Switched from iPhone user. I still love iphone though but this phone is fantastic. I like the way it looks better than Iphone 6.
Excelent !!!
Nice phonebut I'm getting only 3g network with t mobile..
excellent
Its the best item , and it was delivered in perfect time is awasome
Excelent phone, works really fast, have a big screen with an amazing resolution. Also great camera.
as very good team experaba and buy it for Venezuela works perfectly on 3g and h + everything very well with this product
Great phone. Beautiful screen display. Has all the bells & whistles. Great camera. Only thing i dislike is they changed the old menu button normally on the lower left corner to now show last 3 pages visited. I think that's stupid, but some people may like that. Otherwise i think they hit a home run.
This note 4 is truly amazing (typing from mine now) i recommend this product to anyone with a hectic life that needs basically a side kick !!! Believe me! I love love love it!!!
The phone has a price...but if you have the means, go ahead and give yourself the treat... It is true the battery is amazingly long lasting.It charges VERY quickly, it's quick and the screen is nice. The one I bought is factory unlocked and international. My carrier is Metro PCS and the phone does work with 4G, very nice and quick. So far, I love the phone. Just make sure you get the SquareTrade warranty, you don't want to cry blood if you see this baby hit the ground and you don't have a warranty... Enjoy !!!!
Great phone!!! WOW! But this international SM-N910U does NOT work with AT&T LTE network only 3G/ H+.
Great item
I like this item.
the big screen is amazing to watch videos, read articles, send messages and play games. White color is great, its a good looking color. The only negative point on this device is the chrome edges, even if they give to the phone a fancy look, they are too easy to scratch it and little by little you will see more scratches on the edges. Despite of that, the phone is amazing and the quality pictures is incredible.
Perfect condition
So far as of now.....beautiful I like it...it works with at&t.
good shipping mix up i should have called sooner otherwise ok purchase
Best phone I ever owned love it.
I am so excited about this phone. It's my first upgrade since the S4.
Perfect
I'm losing sleep over this phone. I'm not a techy person but it is smooth and I find myself using the s pen a lot. I'm happy I bought this phone
This is the smartest phone I have ever had, so I am still discovering all the bells and whistles. The pen function has made the expense worth it. I was able to take notes from a selectboard meeting to write a news article, but I am still learning how to run the filing system and whether Evernote is a better choice. I had to get a new sim card, as this takes a micro sim.card.
Very good.
Good
Great phone! Am really happy with the Samsung note 4. The phone met my expection absolutely, as was described by the seller.
i love the screen resolution , it is amazing ,, and the camera it is professional camera u cant imagine how accurate it is
I just see sometimes a little problem in the screen !! Like a little points !!
Awesome product!!!
Excellent
i love note 4! :)
I got my note and let me tell you that I absolutely love it. It took me a while to change the settings from Korean to English, but eventually I figured it out. I would buy this product again.
thank you I love it
Awesome
It arrived as advertised in perfect condition.
Very good. Not as excellent because it consumes a lot of battery. If you are someone who makes extensive use of internet and multimedia features not recommend (that's my case and battery with full effort one day of use). That is the only negative factor on the phone.
No built in Hebrew support.
I'm still learning how to use my phone. I only have had it for a couple of days now. But I really love it.
excellent
phone is perfect and was delivered on time too,,,,love the phone man, great seller, would shop again, thanks
I really love this phone.
I have not had allot of time to play with it yet, but so far so good!Thank you!
I owned the first galaxy note and still hadn't learned everything about that one but I wanted to treat myself with an upgrade for a better camera. I LOVE IT! I may never need another upgrade now that I have this. It's smooth and fast!
Lovely choice.....
works great
excelente
The quality and interface of this phone is amazing, it was worth that much money. The minute details of this phone's feature are very intelligent.
Quite pleased so far. Thsnk you.
Phone was a gift for my birthday to update my older model Samsung Galaxy 4. Arrived on time, and everything about it makes me happy.
Love this
Good
Im brazilian and for me everything was working! My sim card and internet! Aweosme phone
we are very happy with both phones! =)
Outstanding performance
Haven't used the phone yet. I bought it as a Xmas gift and i'm still keeping it till Xmas. However the phone appears Neat and beautiful. Highly recommendable
This product lives up to all expectations.A very good investment.
Excellent phone
Excellent: Thanks , everything is fine and time I am very satisfied with my purchase
Nice photo
Super phone. Not as good as note5. But still better then other phone or any apple phone..
Love this phone. International version, but works great with Cricket Wireless.
Thought I was going to get a refurbished product, but received a new one with all bells and whistles!
Great phone!!! WOW! This is the international version and I am using it in India, The performance of note 4 is very good. Camera of 16 mp is great camera. Thanks Amazon.
good quality,fast respond
I love it thanks a lot
I got tihs for my mom, she really love it, is here first high gamma phone and she is super happy with this phone,
Nice phone
This phone is the international version for Asia-Pacific for use in America. I really enjoy this phone which comes free of carrier bloatware. Unlocked allows you to go to any GSM carrier with a SIM card. Great phone and a good alternative from paying monthly payments to some carrier to use their phone.Note: For AT&T in North America the phone will log on to HSPA+ not LTE
Perfect state, thanks
I cant get enough of how much i love the screen and the camera mp. I really love it!
great phone, still lags like the note 2 and 3 but its good stuff.
very good. I love amazon products
I can not say it enough how much I love this phone!!! The things I can do on this thing are crazy! I was able to put my sim card from my Samsung S5 in the back and it started working instantly! Love...Love...Love this phone!!! btw I go through straight talk if anyone is wondering if this will work on there...it will!
I ordered 2. 1 for me and 1 for my hubby we enjoying it.
Very good
battrey die fast
Great device.
Still own it and was able to pass down
I love the brand Samsung Galaxy Note 4. It works very good. The phone is genuine, good packaging, quality is also good mobile phone, video camera and colorful, like, feel very good, simple operation, has been with Samsung, so handy, the price is very affordable, very satisfied with the shopping
Everything did meet my expectations, delivery date,phone itself,camera,battery life.all was perfect.i will recommend to any one who is interested in buying N910H
Very good.
worth every penny!
Great phone. Very attractive and fun to use.
great
Easiest set up I've ever gone through with a phone...that's saying a lot since this is replacing my S5 active and that phone is pretty damn awesome. I bought the international unlocked version (I'm in Texas), popped in my sim card right out of my S5 and into this one, put in the battery and voilà! As always, once I signed into my Google account everything downloaded onto my phone and all is good.
I love this phone. Its really good came on time and everything.
great phone!
Super
I love this phone.Its the best phone yet
good phone! i love it coming from a samsung s4 mini but i think it was worth the investment
As Described Prompt Shipment Great Product.
love it , it is much better than iphone 6 plus. More free and very useful APP , faster, comfortable. The full HD is really good.
To much!!! Thanks!!!
Awesome!
Love it! Working great overseas!
I bought this for my wife. She loves it. And the seller can be trusted. Authentic Samsung product. Amazon Prime is the way to go. You are ensured non-counterfeit items.
very good product
Great phone, fast, comfortable to use, Android well designed. just fine. Would not go back to iphone ever.
It is amazing
I'm losing sleep over this phone. I'm not a techy person but it is smooth and I find myself using the s pen a lot. I'm happy I bought this phone
I have a samsung note edge and I have to say I love this Damn phone it is so easy to use its light the camera if outstanding ill be buying a samsung note 5 in a couple of months if I can find one at a good price
Love at first sight...
great phone for the price i paid.
This model has -0- US Carrier software added which is an extreme plus. I didn't realize how great that was until I turned it on and was not presented with any setup screens at all. I will buy non-US International versions whenever possible in the future.
The phone meets my expectations. Best phone I have ever used
Great phone!!
Fantastic phone. The phone does NOT include the different tips for the S-Pen.
Exactly what I wanted...so tired of phone companies controlling my phone content ! Just getting used to it...turned out to be somewhat heavier than i expected but size is great and pen is great and I should loose 2-3 extra ounces to accommodate this phone (LOL !_)Now, when I leave the country, just pop in a free or very low cost country-specific SIM card and we are good to go!
the best cellphone ever!!!!!!! i totally love it
If you don't have a note 4 then you didn't use any smartphone. I love it.
delivery is fast, the only is that the charger is European.. I have the old one to re-use so I'm fine with having an extra one for travel.
Great seller and great device
I love the note 4 but this particular phone has some bugs that I can't seem to get fixed. I won't record video & the videos that I have it can't play due to some type of technical error
EXCELENTE
Awesome note 4 I love it
Came as it is discribed love the phone. I have no problem using one hand. Im on straight talk as well.
I have purposely waited a while to write a review for this product. Simply because I wanted to be sure it was perfect.. and it is! I was a Note 2 user before purchasing this one. Both I purchased through Amazon and both were the International Factory Unlocked models. If you travel at all then this is what you will want. It is so simple to pop in a SIM from whichever country you are going to be in and you are in business.I use line2.com services and so I do not need celllar service, just DATA and so using a SIM card for an ipad works perfectly for me.As for the phone... it is FAST, Lightweight and so beautiful to look at. I love the feel of it in my hand as it is not slippery at all (compared to my friend's iphone6) I use a very thin rubber cover that covers the back of it when I am out but always take it off when I am home as I love the feel of just the phone in my hand.. truly the king of the Samsung lineup of phones. Worth every $ in my opinion.
It's nice it hangs once in month but I can go with it.
Delivery great, phone working great!
Great
Good ！
I had no problem activating it. Works just fine, the way is supposed to. Came with fast charger and ear phones which is a +
Excelent !!!
Wife loves it, much better than her Mega 5.8
Great product!!!! Very good. Perfect
I really love this phone. But it is not a unlocked version.. It still have network lock in it when I tried to use the SIM card from China...
Excellent
Great
Great phone
This phone is amazing and has so many features that I dont think i will be able to use them all until the newer model comes out.Where to start, when you have a near perfect phone!?1. Screen is the best i have seen. 5,7 inches Quad HD with an amazing brightness just bring videos and pics to life. Plus reading the news or even books in this screen is really easy.2. Camera is also the best i have used so far. Wide angle shots, screen editing etc.3. Heart rate monitor and UV monitor.4. Battery life is AMAZING for a phone with this screen and resolution size.5. The pen! What can I say about the pen!! It is amazing, i find myself using the pen a lot more ofter than the keyboard. It has a very high accuracy level for writing or even editing pics plus another array of functions that are really cool.6. Design: leather back with aluminum vessel. This phone looks really sexy.7. Lightning fastThe bad:1. Phone has tons of options, but you have to take your time to dig into them. so if you are not really into this sort of things, I would recommend a phone that is more simple like the LG G3.2. It is a big phone! If you don't have big pockets or a purse to carry it around you may not like it.3. No customizable keyboard.Overall this is the best phone i have ever had. It is so FAST, the screen is so neat, the camera makes my pics look pro, the pen is amazing for work and for play, and the design is really nice (i would still say that iphone 6 design is a little nicer). I really recommend this product.
Came breaks new, hooked it up to Tmobile with zero problems. I love it soooooo much is flawless.
Perfect
My son is totally enjoying this phone. He is so happy with it. He has been asking me to pre-order this phone, but I ignored him. He is a critic, but hasn't found out any thing bad about it. He checked it out and is 100% satisfied. The color, size, cameras,picture resolution is fantastic. I have no hesitation in buying another one.
Nice deal
Great product, great seller
Coming from a htc one, this is a big step up!!! Great device.. Crapple cant compare
Brilliant
Awesome phablet!!! Just waiting fot the lollipop update!!
I absolutely love this phone, I've been using it about 6 months now and it has never crashed or anything. I love the s pen feature that allows me to take a quick note regardless of what screen I am on however I do not understand the purpose of the multi window. I find that rather annoying but you can always turn that off. I had a nexus 5 prior to this phone and it was a major upgrade. The size is something to get used to as it is a bit bigger than most phones but it's the best cell phone I've ever had.
For the wife. She's happy so I'm happy. She uses it constantly- Does it all. We keep high end products for years.So it is economical for us.
Great phone, if you don't mind not being able to fit it in most of your pockets!
It was a purchase for someone else. I myself own a Galaxy now and had another one previously that got stolen. Like and recommend.
Love it !
I love my Note 4! However, it does have times when it stalls. Also, when my package arrived, the seal had already been broken on the box. I also did not like that only an international adapter was included. Thank God I still had my adapter from my other Samsung Galaxy.
Awesome phone
Excelent!!!
Fast delivery...awesome product
excellent
This phone is worth every penny I spent on it. After owning the note 2 for three years, I think having this one will give me same pleasure I have been enjoying.
My last phone was a "dumb phone" from LG - so - I still have A LOT to learn about my new phone, but I really like it so far.
Got my phone I'm in love with it! It was brand new! Got the battery,headphones, but was it not suppose to bring a SIM card? And I need a different power plug.
It's an exelent phone I personaly recomend it
OMG! I love love love my new note 4! I worried about the price because I'm not a rich person but the phone has been beyond my expectations. I am so glad I took the financial risk to buy it. The camera takes amazing pictures. I don't have big hands so the phone size is perfect for me. Have used the recording app many times during meetings. I love how it records each person's voice so I can label it after the meeting. To be honest sometimes i don't tell anyone l'm recording and no one notices. I love my phone but I love amazon more. Will you pls marry me?
Got same day delivery , Received product with factory packing with additional international compatible plug. Switched old phone SIM card to Note 4 very easily and worked like a charm
It's fine
Excelente
Woo
I love you Samsung . you are my best.
I do like the phone and Iam satisfied but there is not 4G or LTE where I live...Can That Be Fixed?
Love my phone!!!!
This is the smartest phone I have ever had, so I am still discovering all the bells and whistles. The pen function has made the expense worth it. I was able to take notes from a selectboard meeting to write a news article, but I am still learning how to run the filing system and whether Evernote is a better choice. I had to get a new sim card, as this takes a micro sim.card.
Very good.
Good
i love the screen resolution , it is amazing ,, and the camera it is professional camera u cant imagine how accurate it is
I just see sometimes a little problem in the screen !! Like a little points !!
Best cellphone ever! I am in love with mine. Just Perfect!
Best phone I have ever seen...
I had the Note 4 on my to-buy list for almost 4 months. I waited because I knew Samsung would be releasing the Note 5 and I wanted to see what the Note 5 would offer. Samsung screwed up big time with the Note 5 because you can' t replacle your battery NOR expand memory/space like you can with the Note 4.But my Note 4 has performed as expected and I've only had to restart my phone a few times because of software glitches caused by updates. I can honestly say that I LUV my phone. But If Samsung doesn't offer consumers the option to replace their battery and increase space on future Galaxy Note releases, I'll be buying my next smart phone from a different company and it will be "So long! Goodbye Samsung!"
Very nice phone it has all the features o was expecting,camera is superb takes excepionally good pictures, vouldnt desire better.Thank you amazon.
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it.
I LOVE IT! So far no issues. This is international version and there are some features not the same or missing with the US version but it doesn't matter for me.
NO complaints yet ... Im from Trinidad an it works down here ... I can t get over how awesome the display is, its really something..
Very good phone.Switched from iPhone user. I still love iphone though but this phone is fantastic. I like the way it looks better than Iphone 6.
Everything came out great
I really like this phone... best samsumg phone ever
Love this phone. It holds the charge all day. I like the large size because I can download my kindle and makes reading easy.
fffff
Very good
Delivery ok, product fill all my expectations! 100% recommended.
Excelent and perfect
Hey I order this phone and when I order it I placed insurance on the device and now my device was stolen and I'm trying to get a replacement phone
excellent phone but does not work with boostmobile.
Wonderful
Excellent
great
It's a great phone only thing I haven't got the marshmellow update as yet
very good. bought this one two yrs ago and drop it in the water last month now I bought another one. It works great. Stay cool and battery last a long time.
thanks everything perfect.
I absolutely love this phone! It shipped to me very fast and was in very new like condition when I received it. This is the best phone I have ever had. I will never go back to an iPhone. The picture is very clear and it takes awesome photos. I am very pleased!!
just perfect
I absolutely love this phone. I'm glad I got it over the note 5 because the note 5 has a nano sim and no sd card slot. That wouldn't have cut it for me. It's only going to get better once I get my 10000mah battery for it.
It is a very pretty phone, easy to mansge, and Down loads apps. It is working as expected. I've been having it for a while and I have no problems so far.
Great item
Got it in good shape
Awesome phone
Great item
excellent
Its the best item , and it was delivered in perfect time is awasome
Excelent phone, works really fast, have a big screen with an amazing resolution. Also great camera.
Great phone. Beautiful screen display. Has all the bells & whistles. Great camera. Only thing i dislike is they changed the old menu button normally on the lower left corner to now show last 3 pages visited. I think that's stupid, but some people may like that. Otherwise i think they hit a home run.
This note 4 is truly amazing (typing from mine now) i recommend this product to anyone with a hectic life that needs basically a side kick !!! Believe me! I love love love it!!!
The phone has a price...but if you have the means, go ahead and give yourself the treat... It is true the battery is amazingly long lasting.It charges VERY quickly, it's quick and the screen is nice. The one I bought is factory unlocked and international. My carrier is Metro PCS and the phone does work with 4G, very nice and quick. So far, I love the phone. Just make sure you get the SquareTrade warranty, you don't want to cry blood if you see this baby hit the ground and you don't have a warranty... Enjoy !!!!
Excelente
Wawww!!! Great product.
Awesome product! Loving the note 4!
The best Smarth phone in the market!!!
Works good
i will recommend this phone is the best...
NICE...
Be careful this is not a LTE version. Just 3G.
THIS PHONE IS THE PHONE I EVER HADD. THE BEST OF BEST LOVE IT IS ALL ABOUT WHAT YOU CAN DO WITT THIS PHONE. I DONT USE MY LAPTOP ANY MORE, THIS PHONE DOES EVERY THING AND NO NAGGING OR SLOWING DONG
I cannot love this phone more. Hold it for a day like a baby.
Excelent!
Super good
great packaging, item as described, very happy!
My phone was delivered on time, looks and feels great and was the best price I could find! Love love love it!
I like this item.
Perfect condition
So far as of now.....beautiful I like it...it works with at&t.
good shipping mix up i should have called sooner otherwise ok purchase
Best phone I ever owned love it.
I am so excited about this phone. It's my first upgrade since the S4.
Perfect
I am absolutely satisfied with my purchase. I looooooove my note 4 N910H, its exactly what i ordered and I am just enjoying every moment that i get to use my phone. 😆
PLEASE HELP!!! My phone's imei number is null and i cant do anything, says there is no sim card when there is a working one(tested the card on another phone) it starting abnormaling restarting before it happened.
Great phone, 4g, very nice, excellent camera, 4k video, fast and built with good materials .... very good seller, I recommend
Great phone!! I am really like the Galaxy Note 4, I thought this would be the International Version but I got the Korean Mobile provider Version SM-N910K model unlocked. I did not mind as it is still an Exynos Octocore processor as stated however the bloatware from the Mobile Provider along and keep in mind some parts of phone were are defaulted to Hangul (Korean) that cannot be changed like the keypad for instance. Good thing I can somewhat read in Hangul!! Overall it is a Note 4 with an exynos processor so I was okay with my purchase.
I love it
Stunnig screen resolution. I can see the freckles in the face of celebrities in the U-tube. It was gift for my wife. It arrived 3-4 days later than expected, but it deserves. I am more than satisfied.
Amazing super fast phone ! Beautiful screen. I use Tmobile sim card and I receive 4G on it. Not LTE. purchased from NGP_US_STORE. Super fast shipper.
Great phone!!! WOW! But this international SM-N910U does NOT work with AT&T LTE network only 3G/ H+.
I love this phone. I just wish AT&T was as capable as this smartphone could be. When not dependent on AT&T's service, this device has tremendous capabilities. And, I've just about abandoned my iPad in lieu of the Note's user experience.
Excellent Phone. Perfect screen size. Very easy to operate. Highly recommended!!!!
Its perfect
Love the phone is so nice people ya should get this phone best one so far
More than what I expected. Thank you chubbies
I activated my unlocked T mobile phone last week, and it is AWESOME! It arrived in a plain white box, and contained the phone, and a charger.The charger was defective, so I'm using a different charger now.The phone was like brand new. I absolutely love it! It arrived 3 days early as well.Highly recommend.
As Advertised
Excellent condition. Very happy with purchase.
EverytHong is great but the battery life sucks. It drains while charging.
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Charcoal Black via ChubbiestechThe item came in a plain white box and contained the phone, battery, wall adapter, and usb cord. It arrived on the date specified. At first I thought something may be wrong with the battery since it came charged at 56% but it seems to be working perfectly. Apps drain the battery surprisingly fast in my opinion but I guess that's to be expected. The wall adapter that came with it appears to drain the battery. When I switched it with my own I didn't have anymore issues. The phone looks as new and didn't have any noticeable marks on it. It is working extremely well and the setup was very simple--just plugging in my sim card and going through the provided steps. This phone is miles ahead of the one I was using before and I am happy with my purchase.
My world remains flat for now. Can’t believe Samsung made America great again by NOT offering a flat Note 7 per tradition. If customers wanted an edge could have easily gotten an edge +. This phone meets my need for now till September comes and we see hello from the other side. This one mistake may cost Sammy a lot. Many people world is still flat trust me.This phone seems to fill in the missing gap. For 75 % off. LOL. Update to Android 6 as soon as you can get it. I see no difference as far as Android 6 is concerned. Top Goal of Android 6 is simply a better way to gather data from point of sale Period. Identify, and verify before first use with multiple point of accuracy.[ gps,pic,phone num,+++] You are the PRODUCT member lol
I received the phone as promised the next day. The condition of the phone was just like new. It was not packaged in the original box, but very well packaged. It is so easy to operate and every App and function that I have explored has been perfect. Pictures that I have taken with it are beautiful.It's a great phone to have.
I have to say the condition my Note 4 came in was way beyond my expectations. First the packaging it was in was like that of a new phone. Secondly, the phone itself was in flawless condition. Thirdly and most important is everything is not only running smoothly but super fast as well (Upgraded from an Galaxy S2). All I needed to purchase was a new micro sim card at my local T-Mobile and I was all set. The battery/charger came included with the phone.
I'm very pleased with my purchase! The phone arrived in perfect condition as good as new. The phone and the battery are functioning like they should. I updated the phone to the latest (T-Mobil) Android 5.1.1 update. I was able to update the phone with my AT&T SIM Card inserted (Prepaid Account) I connected to my home network and selected update. The phone works great and its still unlocked after the the update!FYIThe phone comes with the STANDARD charger and not the 9-VOLT fast charger.UPDATE!!The phone supports fast charging. The 9-VOLT charger I bought from Amazon is below and it works fine and no over heating issues!(Bought on Amazon) OEM Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging Charger - for Samsung Galaxy S6/Edge/Edge-6/Note 4 $18.86
Item came when expected. My son loves his phone.
Very good
The charger is not working.....
Phone arrived very fast and in perfect shape! No problems getting on T Mobile. Everything works great! I could not find any flaws with this phone!!. Very happy!
I've been using it for 2-3 weeks now and it works great. Cosmetically like new. Minimal bloatware and it's gets a firmware upgrade to Android 6.0. With a 5.7in screen, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage, expandable memory, removable battery, in my opinion the best version of the Galaxy Note.
This device wasn't a bad buy considering the fact that it's not brand new. The only problem I had was that the battery drain too quockly. However found out that the Note 4a in particular have that problem other than that it was like a brand New phone love it .
Love it!!! ;)However, I bought 2 phones and 1of the chargers doesnt work :(
and let me tell you I was terrified. I read the reviews and I felt like it was 50/50 on what I would get delivered. thank goodness I was on the correct end of the 50%. The phone came in on time. Perfectly secured in it's box that looked new (well except the item came in a plain white box0 but it contained the phone, battery, wall adapter, and usb cord. The stylus was there and I couldn't see any scratches or nicks on this phone and let me tell ya...I looked hard. I was satisfied with the external and then I went to insert my SIM card (worked well after a call to my carrier (Metro). Then later that night I received an update that I needed to update it to the latest Android update (and this is where I read that people could have issues). I'm so very happy to report that 1 week later still no issues.So NOW I can buy a case :0
Purchased from Chubbiestech. Excellent all around. This is my second phone from them, and I've been very pleased both times. The phone is great, as expected.
This product was better than what I expected. It was brand new
Wow! I ordered two of these refurbished phones and was surprised at the condition. I looked them over very carefully and could not find any signs of previous use. I have ordered other refurbished phone from the actual carriers that have not looked as good as these. I have not read the other reviews on these phones or the seller, but in my case, I am very well satisfied with the purchase. I have been testing them out for two weeks now, and there has been no malfunction whatsoever. In my case, they look and have been performing as brand new phones. They are set for T-Mobile and had no issue setting them up. Just put in my SIM, and logged in my Google/Android account.
I like my Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
Phone is great,no issues great condition like brandnew.im happy to my franchise.
Love this phone. No issues with battery life at all in the refurbished model. If the battery degrades in the future it's a cheap swap out.Obviously research that this is the phone for you before you buy it, but I have nothing but positive things to say about the note 4.
Great smartphone, but it hemorrhages battery charge; I suspect that has much more to do with the brilliant AMOLED screen than the fact that my device is used and refurbished. That said, I can easily get 24 hours heavy use (network connection and location services persistently turned on, device and display woken multiple times throughout the day) and 48 hours light use (network connection and location services turned off manually when not in use, device kept asleep most of the time) out of a single charge, so its battery life is about on par with the other flagships.Speaking of the display, it is gorgeous! I love OLED, and while it can get a little carnival-esque at times, it mostly looks incredible.The camera, with its 16 megapixel resolution and optical image stabilization, is one of the main reasons I bought the Note 4, and it doesn't disappoint -- the pictures are quite crisp even without my consciously holding the device still. I was a little underwhelmed by the image resolution, which despite being 16M fails to scale much before artifacts are visible. For a smartphone camera, however, it's pretty impressive.If I'd paid flagship price for this phone two years ago I might have been a little less pleased with it, but at second-hand price it's a great deal.
This is such a great phone at a great price. This phone looked like new, no scratches on the screen. It came in its original box, came with original earphones and charger , brand new.
Is nice
I really like the phone! If you are waffling between buying used vs refurbished, read my review on the used one for sure. I have had no issues with the refurbished one except that the short (3 foot) cord did NOT work (however, the included Samsung brand charger you attach said cord to DOES work, albeit S-L-O-W-L-Y as it is not the one specifically made to come with this exact phone). So, remember, this phone is CAPABLE of fast charging, you will just have to shell out more money if you want to use the "fast" charging capability. The seller I chose (name starts with "Cub"), includes no manual, no earbuds, no instructions at all. Would have been nice to have had a slip pf paper with a link to where to find the manual online. That said, after using another cord to successfully charge the phone to replace the very short and defective cable that came with this phone, was the only issue I had with this phone so far. Please look for my review of the seller! Was kind of disappointed that they could not even include earbuds at all, even generic ones. My last phone was the Note 3, and I do really like the phone itself, the features of getting your heart rate and your SPO2 (the oxygen level in your blood- for most people should be above 95%, but I am sure with freezing cold hands it may not read correctly (even the small hospital grade ones we carry in our first-out bags have an issue with that in the winter, just run your hand under some warm water and dry it off well, should solve the issue), but I compared the one on the phone with my hospital grade one, and the readings were the same. **A tip for the SPO2 sensor: put your finger under the phone (the sensor is below the camera lens on the back), and lay your palm-up hand down on something (your leg or a table) to keep the phone (& sensor) as level and jiggle-free as possible seems to afford the best reading.The battery seemed to be new, and holds a charge a very long time. After the issues I had with the used phone from the same seller (see my review), the extra $100 spent on upgrading to a certified -refurbished phone is suggested. The increased speed and $GLTE on this phone v the Note 3 is greatly appreciated and used to its fullest! I do NOT suggest the Note 5, IMHO, not having a removable battery, and no ability to add a memory card in any way makes it an expensive hunk of junk to me! Even though these batteries do not develop memory, I still note that I need to replace the battery every couple of years, and not being able to do that when I keep each and every hone until it totally dies on me means that I will not give in to a phone with limited memory and no buying a new battery or an expanded battery when I wish wil only happen when they no longer sell them at all anymore. If that means no more Samsung phones, well, so be it!! I hope this review helps you!!
It's everything you can ask for in a case. It has covers for all the ports and it is easy putting on and taking off. Snug fit on phone too.
My wife is very happy with her note4. Her note3 finely died. The note7 blows up. The note5 has limited memory. But the note4 was perfect for her.
I'm giving this phone a 4star because the battery that cane with the phone is messed up. It dies randomly around 14%-17%. Also there's a weird salon colored block that takes up 3/4 of the screen its really hard to notice at first but once you see it its hard to not see it. Also apps sometimes crash. Only way to fix it is to turn the screen off which is no big deal. But over all I like the phone.
Great phone! Delivered in generic white box with a regular charger but the phone itself is flawless! Not a scratch on it and runs beautifully. Comes with certifications regarding refurbishment but once the back is closed, you wouldn't know it. Great job!
Looking back through my orders I only now realize that it was "refurbished". I thought it was new, works amazing, best phone I've ever had.
As Advertised, Good Product, Nice value.I would buy again from this seller.
Phone came and is in excellent condition, only problem is that the water mark stickers were removed from the battery and phone so obviously had water damage at some point in time. The battery is not 100% efficient and drains quickly, so I am gonna have to order new one, the phone also has shut off unannounced twice now since I started using it but as of right now everything is running smoothly and I am very happy with what I got besides the battery.
All is good. I've been using a Note 4 for over a year. This is a replacement for another phone. Best phone ever.
It's everything I wanted it to be...I like it very much...battery life is long. Can go all day and night without charging.
I love the size. The little pen that comes with it. It makes using the phone so much easier.What I do not like is that the vibration is not loud. Even to the vibration max, it is still not loud. Also if I am using my head phone and it is on vibration, whatever is interupting (calls, messages etc.) I do not know, because the vibration is not loud. I thought with me wearing a head phone the phone would ring even though it is on vibration. The LG did.Other than that the phone is great. I love it👍
so far works good.
Item arrived earlier than expected and in pristine condition! So happy with purchase! Was weary because of some of the reviews but glad I took the chance! Using the phone now!! Came with box and charger.Although I prefer to use my qualcomm quick charge charger. Awesome deal for flagship phone!
Works well but the baterry dies fast.
Very happy with my phone. Had the same phone months ago but dropped it in the ocean..
Every thing came as expected
Very nice phone. I like it.
Item came when expected. My son loves his phone.
Very good
and let me tell you I was terrified. I read the reviews and I felt like it was 50/50 on what I would get delivered. thank goodness I was on the correct end of the 50%. The phone came in on time. Perfectly secured in it's box that looked new (well except the item came in a plain white box0 but it contained the phone, battery, wall adapter, and usb cord. The stylus was there and I couldn't see any scratches or nicks on this phone and let me tell ya...I looked hard. I was satisfied with the external and then I went to insert my SIM card (worked well after a call to my carrier (Metro). Then later that night I received an update that I needed to update it to the latest Android update (and this is where I read that people could have issues). I'm so very happy to report that 1 week later still no issues.So NOW I can buy a case :0
Purchased from Chubbiestech. Excellent all around. This is my second phone from them, and I've been very pleased both times. The phone is great, as expected.
This product was better than what I expected. It was brand new
Wow! I ordered two of these refurbished phones and was surprised at the condition. I looked them over very carefully and could not find any signs of previous use. I have ordered other refurbished phone from the actual carriers that have not looked as good as these. I have not read the other reviews on these phones or the seller, but in my case, I am very well satisfied with the purchase. I have been testing them out for two weeks now, and there has been no malfunction whatsoever. In my case, they look and have been performing as brand new phones. They are set for T-Mobile and had no issue setting them up. Just put in my SIM, and logged in my Google/Android account.
More than what I expected. Thank you chubbies
My wife is very happy with her note4. Her note3 finely died. The note7 blows up. The note5 has limited memory. But the note4 was perfect for her.
I'm giving this phone a 4star because the battery that cane with the phone is messed up. It dies randomly around 14%-17%. Also there's a weird salon colored block that takes up 3/4 of the screen its really hard to notice at first but once you see it its hard to not see it. Also apps sometimes crash. Only way to fix it is to turn the screen off which is no big deal. But over all I like the phone.
Great phone! Delivered in generic white box with a regular charger but the phone itself is flawless! Not a scratch on it and runs beautifully. Comes with certifications regarding refurbishment but once the back is closed, you wouldn't know it. Great job!
Looking back through my orders I only now realize that it was "refurbished". I thought it was new, works amazing, best phone I've ever had.
As Advertised, Good Product, Nice value.I would buy again from this seller.
Phone is great,no issues great condition like brandnew.im happy to my franchise.
Love this phone. No issues with battery life at all in the refurbished model. If the battery degrades in the future it's a cheap swap out.Obviously research that this is the phone for you before you buy it, but I have nothing but positive things to say about the note 4.
Great smartphone, but it hemorrhages battery charge; I suspect that has much more to do with the brilliant AMOLED screen than the fact that my device is used and refurbished. That said, I can easily get 24 hours heavy use (network connection and location services persistently turned on, device and display woken multiple times throughout the day) and 48 hours light use (network connection and location services turned off manually when not in use, device kept asleep most of the time) out of a single charge, so its battery life is about on par with the other flagships.Speaking of the display, it is gorgeous! I love OLED, and while it can get a little carnival-esque at times, it mostly looks incredible.The camera, with its 16 megapixel resolution and optical image stabilization, is one of the main reasons I bought the Note 4, and it doesn't disappoint -- the pictures are quite crisp even without my consciously holding the device still. I was a little underwhelmed by the image resolution, which despite being 16M fails to scale much before artifacts are visible. For a smartphone camera, however, it's pretty impressive.If I'd paid flagship price for this phone two years ago I might have been a little less pleased with it, but at second-hand price it's a great deal.
This is such a great phone at a great price. This phone looked like new, no scratches on the screen. It came in its original box, came with original earphones and charger , brand new.
Is nice
I really like the phone! If you are waffling between buying used vs refurbished, read my review on the used one for sure. I have had no issues with the refurbished one except that the short (3 foot) cord did NOT work (however, the included Samsung brand charger you attach said cord to DOES work, albeit S-L-O-W-L-Y as it is not the one specifically made to come with this exact phone). So, remember, this phone is CAPABLE of fast charging, you will just have to shell out more money if you want to use the "fast" charging capability. The seller I chose (name starts with "Cub"), includes no manual, no earbuds, no instructions at all. Would have been nice to have had a slip pf paper with a link to where to find the manual online. That said, after using another cord to successfully charge the phone to replace the very short and defective cable that came with this phone, was the only issue I had with this phone so far. Please look for my review of the seller! Was kind of disappointed that they could not even include earbuds at all, even generic ones. My last phone was the Note 3, and I do really like the phone itself, the features of getting your heart rate and your SPO2 (the oxygen level in your blood- for most people should be above 95%, but I am sure with freezing cold hands it may not read correctly (even the small hospital grade ones we carry in our first-out bags have an issue with that in the winter, just run your hand under some warm water and dry it off well, should solve the issue), but I compared the one on the phone with my hospital grade one, and the readings were the same. **A tip for the SPO2 sensor: put your finger under the phone (the sensor is below the camera lens on the back), and lay your palm-up hand down on something (your leg or a table) to keep the phone (& sensor) as level and jiggle-free as possible seems to afford the best reading.The battery seemed to be new, and holds a charge a very long time. After the issues I had with the used phone from the same seller (see my review), the extra $100 spent on upgrading to a certified -refurbished phone is suggested. The increased speed and $GLTE on this phone v the Note 3 is greatly appreciated and used to its fullest! I do NOT suggest the Note 5, IMHO, not having a removable battery, and no ability to add a memory card in any way makes it an expensive hunk of junk to me! Even though these batteries do not develop memory, I still note that I need to replace the battery every couple of years, and not being able to do that when I keep each and every hone until it totally dies on me means that I will not give in to a phone with limited memory and no buying a new battery or an expanded battery when I wish wil only happen when they no longer sell them at all anymore. If that means no more Samsung phones, well, so be it!! I hope this review helps you!!
It's everything you can ask for in a case. It has covers for all the ports and it is easy putting on and taking off. Snug fit on phone too.
Love it!!! ;)However, I bought 2 phones and 1of the chargers doesnt work :(
and let me tell you I was terrified. I read the reviews and I felt like it was 50/50 on what I would get delivered. thank goodness I was on the correct end of the 50%. The phone came in on time. Perfectly secured in it's box that looked new (well except the item came in a plain white box0 but it contained the phone, battery, wall adapter, and usb cord. The stylus was there and I couldn't see any scratches or nicks on this phone and let me tell ya...I looked hard. I was satisfied with the external and then I went to insert my SIM card (worked well after a call to my carrier (Metro). Then later that night I received an update that I needed to update it to the latest Android update (and this is where I read that people could have issues). I'm so very happy to report that 1 week later still no issues.So NOW I can buy a case :0
Purchased from Chubbiestech. Excellent all around. This is my second phone from them, and I've been very pleased both times. The phone is great, as expected.
This product was better than what I expected. It was brand new
Wow! I ordered two of these refurbished phones and was surprised at the condition. I looked them over very carefully and could not find any signs of previous use. I have ordered other refurbished phone from the actual carriers that have not looked as good as these. I have not read the other reviews on these phones or the seller, but in my case, I am very well satisfied with the purchase. I have been testing them out for two weeks now, and there has been no malfunction whatsoever. In my case, they look and have been performing as brand new phones. They are set for T-Mobile and had no issue setting them up. Just put in my SIM, and logged in my Google/Android account.
I like my Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Charcoal Black via ChubbiestechThe item came in a plain white box and contained the phone, battery, wall adapter, and usb cord. It arrived on the date specified. At first I thought something may be wrong with the battery since it came charged at 56% but it seems to be working perfectly. Apps drain the battery surprisingly fast in my opinion but I guess that's to be expected. The wall adapter that came with it appears to drain the battery. When I switched it with my own I didn't have anymore issues. The phone looks as new and didn't have any noticeable marks on it. It is working extremely well and the setup was very simple--just plugging in my sim card and going through the provided steps. This phone is miles ahead of the one I was using before and I am happy with my purchase.
My world remains flat for now. Can’t believe Samsung made America great again by NOT offering a flat Note 7 per tradition. If customers wanted an edge could have easily gotten an edge +. This phone meets my need for now till September comes and we see hello from the other side. This one mistake may cost Sammy a lot. Many people world is still flat trust me.This phone seems to fill in the missing gap. For 75 % off. LOL. Update to Android 6 as soon as you can get it. I see no difference as far as Android 6 is concerned. Top Goal of Android 6 is simply a better way to gather data from point of sale Period. Identify, and verify before first use with multiple point of accuracy.[ gps,pic,phone num,+++] You are the PRODUCT member lol
I received the phone as promised the next day. The condition of the phone was just like new. It was not packaged in the original box, but very well packaged. It is so easy to operate and every App and function that I have explored has been perfect. Pictures that I have taken with it are beautiful.It's a great phone to have.
I have to say the condition my Note 4 came in was way beyond my expectations. First the packaging it was in was like that of a new phone. Secondly, the phone itself was in flawless condition. Thirdly and most important is everything is not only running smoothly but super fast as well (Upgraded from an Galaxy S2). All I needed to purchase was a new micro sim card at my local T-Mobile and I was all set. The battery/charger came included with the phone.
I'm very pleased with my purchase! The phone arrived in perfect condition as good as new. The phone and the battery are functioning like they should. I updated the phone to the latest (T-Mobil) Android 5.1.1 update. I was able to update the phone with my AT&T SIM Card inserted (Prepaid Account) I connected to my home network and selected update. The phone works great and its still unlocked after the the update!FYIThe phone comes with the STANDARD charger and not the 9-VOLT fast charger.UPDATE!!The phone supports fast charging. The 9-VOLT charger I bought from Amazon is below and it works fine and no over heating issues!(Bought on Amazon) OEM Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging Charger - for Samsung Galaxy S6/Edge/Edge-6/Note 4 $18.86
I am enjoying it
So far everything has been great. I received the phone about a week ago, delivered on time by the way (thanks amazon prime). I was really apprehensive based on other reviews for this product and similar products. Many said they had issues regarding US version and international versions of the phone (international version may not work in the us ). I'm happy to say I received the advertized product and it was plug and play.The phone came in a generic box.. ::gasp:: doesn't matter to me. I paid for a phone, not a pretty Samsung cardboard container.Contents of the box:galaxy note 4S penBatteryMicro USB cableWall wart chargerThe phone:Cosmetically, it was perfect. No scratches or dings or nicks. The buttons function properly and so does the screen, microphone, speaker and cameras. The home button feels sort of cheap to me.. it's not a nice clean click and it rattles a little. BUT I don't know whether to blame the refurbisher or Samsung as I've never used this phone before and I don't know what the home button felt like on a brand new note 4 from samsung.My only beef really is that I've been using pure android on my nexus 4 for over 3 years now so the Samsung bloat ware version is quote shocking. I do miss the bare bones android, because I'm not a fan of all the frills and such, but I'll either get over it or just root the phone.Overall I'm very pleased. I read a lot of terrible experiences and so far I'm lucky to have had a good one.
Works well but the baterry dies fast.
Very happy with my phone. Had the same phone months ago but dropped it in the ocean..
Every thing came as expected
Very nice phone. I like it.
Item came when expected. My son loves his phone.
Very good
The charger is not working.....
Phone arrived very fast and in perfect shape! No problems getting on T Mobile. Everything works great! I could not find any flaws with this phone!!. Very happy!
I've been using it for 2-3 weeks now and it works great. Cosmetically like new. Minimal bloatware and it's gets a firmware upgrade to Android 6.0. With a 5.7in screen, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage, expandable memory, removable battery, in my opinion the best version of the Galaxy Note.
This device wasn't a bad buy considering the fact that it's not brand new. The only problem I had was that the battery drain too quockly. However found out that the Note 4a in particular have that problem other than that it was like a brand New phone love it .
Phone came and is in excellent condition, only problem is that the water mark stickers were removed from the battery and phone so obviously had water damage at some point in time. The battery is not 100% efficient and drains quickly, so I am gonna have to order new one, the phone also has shut off unannounced twice now since I started using it but as of right now everything is running smoothly and I am very happy with what I got besides the battery.
All is good. I've been using a Note 4 for over a year. This is a replacement for another phone. Best phone ever.
It's everything I wanted it to be...I like it very much...battery life is long. Can go all day and night without charging.
I love the size. The little pen that comes with it. It makes using the phone so much easier.What I do not like is that the vibration is not loud. Even to the vibration max, it is still not loud. Also if I am using my head phone and it is on vibration, whatever is interupting (calls, messages etc.) I do not know, because the vibration is not loud. I thought with me wearing a head phone the phone would ring even though it is on vibration. The LG did.Other than that the phone is great. I love it👍
so far works good.
Item arrived earlier than expected and in pristine condition! So happy with purchase! Was weary because of some of the reviews but glad I took the chance! Using the phone now!! Came with box and charger.Although I prefer to use my qualcomm quick charge charger. Awesome deal for flagship phone!
I activated my unlocked T mobile phone last week, and it is AWESOME! It arrived in a plain white box, and contained the phone, and a charger.The charger was defective, so I'm using a different charger now.The phone was like brand new. I absolutely love it! It arrived 3 days early as well.Highly recommend.
As Advertised
Excellent condition. Very happy with purchase.
EverytHong is great but the battery life sucks. It drains while charging.
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Charcoal Black via ChubbiestechThe item came in a plain white box and contained the phone, battery, wall adapter, and usb cord. It arrived on the date specified. At first I thought something may be wrong with the battery since it came charged at 56% but it seems to be working perfectly. Apps drain the battery surprisingly fast in my opinion but I guess that's to be expected. The wall adapter that came with it appears to drain the battery. When I switched it with my own I didn't have anymore issues. The phone looks as new and didn't have any noticeable marks on it. It is working extremely well and the setup was very simple--just plugging in my sim card and going through the provided steps. This phone is miles ahead of the one I was using before and I am happy with my purchase.
The charger is not working.....
Phone arrived very fast and in perfect shape! No problems getting on T Mobile. Everything works great! I could not find any flaws with this phone!!. Very happy!
I've been using it for 2-3 weeks now and it works great. Cosmetically like new. Minimal bloatware and it's gets a firmware upgrade to Android 6.0. With a 5.7in screen, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage, expandable memory, removable battery, in my opinion the best version of the Galaxy Note.
My world remains flat for now. Can’t believe Samsung made America great again by NOT offering a flat Note 7 per tradition. If customers wanted an edge could have easily gotten an edge +. This phone meets my need for now till September comes and we see hello from the other side. This one mistake may cost Sammy a lot. Many people world is still flat trust me.This phone seems to fill in the missing gap. For 75 % off. LOL. Update to Android 6 as soon as you can get it. I see no difference as far as Android 6 is concerned. Top Goal of Android 6 is simply a better way to gather data from point of sale Period. Identify, and verify before first use with multiple point of accuracy.[ gps,pic,phone num,+++] You are the PRODUCT member lol
I received the phone as promised the next day. The condition of the phone was just like new. It was not packaged in the original box, but very well packaged. It is so easy to operate and every App and function that I have explored has been perfect. Pictures that I have taken with it are beautiful.It's a great phone to have.
I have to say the condition my Note 4 came in was way beyond my expectations. First the packaging it was in was like that of a new phone. Secondly, the phone itself was in flawless condition. Thirdly and most important is everything is not only running smoothly but super fast as well (Upgraded from an Galaxy S2). All I needed to purchase was a new micro sim card at my local T-Mobile and I was all set. The battery/charger came included with the phone.
I'm very pleased with my purchase! The phone arrived in perfect condition as good as new. The phone and the battery are functioning like they should. I updated the phone to the latest (T-Mobil) Android 5.1.1 update. I was able to update the phone with my AT&T SIM Card inserted (Prepaid Account) I connected to my home network and selected update. The phone works great and its still unlocked after the the update!FYIThe phone comes with the STANDARD charger and not the 9-VOLT fast charger.UPDATE!!The phone supports fast charging. The 9-VOLT charger I bought from Amazon is below and it works fine and no over heating issues!(Bought on Amazon) OEM Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging Charger - for Samsung Galaxy S6/Edge/Edge-6/Note 4 $18.86
Phone is in beautiful condition, no scratches on the screen. Just the tiniest of scrapes on the back, which is normally covered by a case so it's fine. Thank you for the speed and the great condition, very much worth it.
My old Note 4 went into a reboot loop after 16 months of use, it is out of warranty, so I ordered this one. It arrived in a week in excellent candition, only the charger is not the original and does not fast-charge the phone, but it is not a problem for me since I have a fast charger. I love the deal.
I mainly got this phone to use as a mini digital sketchbook/note taker and I love it! Otherwise would've gone with a smaller phone. It's pretty big and bulky once u put a case on it.
Excellent phone, works with zero faults! This was my choice over financing a new Google Pixel XL and I can't imagine it having a better screen or camera than this has! Plus the expandable memory and aftermarket battery options make this the most capable Note ever made!
Thank you!
working fine so far...
Very satisfied
I purchased this phone for my mother, who recently had her Note 4 destroyed in a vehicle accident. This phone works as if it was brand new, no problems whatsoever! It arrived in excellent condition, no scratches at all!
I love this Phone
Nice phone only reason 4 star is scratch on middle of screen...
These cases are amazing. glad I bought it.
Excellent! Couldnt be happier.
Ordered 3 of these from breed after ordering 1 from another seller and returning it as I don't believe it was refurbished just used.. The 3 all work almost perfect.. The s pens on 2 of them kept telling me it wasn't attached but I believe they are charged by how close they are so I just turned that notification off.. And a battery on one doesn't hold a charge well so simple fix... Way more satisfied with my order from breed! Would buy another from them if needed.
Does everything I wanted it to do. No hitches or glitches after 30 days of use.
Works Good
Works perfectly,no signs of wear. It's like new condition. definitely will get phones here in the future. Sabed over $400 dollars over getting new phone not including insurance. Best value, I don't think I'll buy a new phone again.
Great phone, great price. Quite a step up from the Note 2 I was replacing!
It would be nice if it included a Start up Guide!
Great phone, work as advertise. I had a GSM Galaxy Note 4 which I used with straighttalk, I bought this to replace it because straighttalk works with both GSM cell towers/network(AT&T and T-mobile) and CDMA cell towers/network(Verizon). You will need a verizon CDMA 4G-LTE compatible phone(this one) and a compatible sim card.AT&T and T-Mobile signal where I live is very bad, lots of dropped calls and missed calls, so I wanted to change to Verizon network which Straighttalk also offers although this is a little know secret as they don't advertise that its on verizon network. Now I still have the same straighttalk number but on a better network Verizon. If you are planing on switching to CDMA on straighttalk, you need a new sim card from straighttalk or buy it at walmart online for $1.
Exactly what I asked for. Works good on straight talk.
Love it.
Not crazy about the audio quality of the ear speaker. I can hardly make out what people are saying. Don't really mind that much tho cause I prefer using headphones with a mic anyways. Other than that, the phone has been working great.
Works perfect
I am happy with the phone except for the fact that I can't receive or send MMS at all.
it keeps getting getting junk mail i have to keep having to erace
The samsung note 4 is the greatest phone to have been built, and every phone since has been removing features.Packing a removable battery, SD card storage capable of up to 2TB of storage (no 2TB cards exist yet, but I do have a 200gb card in mine now), an IR port which allows you to turn your phone into a universal remote, and robust and highly accurate sensors, the note 4 is truly an example of how a phone should be made.It's also finally been rooted so if you're like me and are a rooting enthusiast that's a huge selling point as well. I highly recommend the ZeroLemon 10,000mah after market battery for this. It will triple your phones battery life and give you days of operating power. It does turn your phone into a brick though.
I really enjoy the size of the phone and the easy access pen. Definitely a good sturdy phone, just a few issues with the phone. It does get really hot when the brightness is up high and will stain previous screen on your screen if the brightness is high. Other than that functionality of the phone is amazing and i would recommend it as an upgrade
screen was new, very light scratches if any on the metal edge of the phones case. works well and am satisfied. looks and works like newHave used it for 3 days and the battery works much better after a few charge cycles. Charge it overnight the first night and then charge and discharge to 10%. Have no complaints for this phone
Item was purchased to replace my Samsung Note 7 which was recalled.I traded it in for the Note 7 and had to revise gears, so to speak, to get back to where I was.
I love it it great!!!!
Yes it did thanks again for the great service
Excellent phone! Came with a couple of scratches, but there weren't any on the screen. So I purchased a case for it, and now it looks brand new.
The phone is everything it should be and more. I had to send it back for a defective volume control, which was the fault of the refurbisher and not related to the phone.
Very nice phone and it great condition but no pen included . Would never use it anyway
Good
Great phone, fast shipping !!
Phone is impressive and in way better condition than I was expecting. Thanks a million and I'm loving my note 4 experience so far.
Samsung is the absolute best. This phone is amazing. Great phone
The phone came with a bad battery. The battery literally had bad written on it. I had to spend $40.00 for a new battery or wait another week for Amazon to get me another battery. On the other hand the phone work fine with the new battery.
very little scratch on screen, other than that good buy.
Good phone looks like new but doesnt come with all accessories
Works well,no scratches look brand new for a refurbished phone.works flawless..no issues came before expected time just perfect. Phone is truely unlock. ONLY issue is the apn setting for data but that wasn't go hard after putting in the setting data wifi perfect no problem
Best used phone I've come across! Screen is in mint condition and body has no scratches! Phone works well also.
Just as I expected it to be
First and foremost, this is a great product, easy to use right out of the box, even though it's a couple of years old. MY ONLY GRIPE, and advice I can give to anyone considering purchasing this, go ahead and buy a GLASS REAR CAMERA LENS COVER along with it because the refurbished one is plastic.Even with my case, from cleaning the smudges off of the plastic lens with either a microfiber cloth or a cotton t-shirt, it was so scratched in the first few weeks I had the phone it wouldn't focus on anything to take pictures and looked like crap. LUCKILY this is a cheap less than $10 fix for a good quality glass lens cover replacement. It isn't rocket science and only takes a little finesse. Pop the old one off, clean everything, then clean everything again, then pop the new one on... If I had known this in the first place that's how I would have done it.
Cool phone, came fast ands setup was easy. The battery life is decent until it gets to about 20% then it goes from 20% to dead in the matter of a few mins without a low battery warning. Also the fingerprint features struggles to read sometimes which can be annoying.
The phone works well and is a great replacement for my original phone, which went swimming in the pool!
I like my phone and it works perfectly.
You're trying to learn how to work it works fine I like it
Great phone for a guy who needs the bigger screen who is now in his 50's lol
I've been using this phone for a couple of months with zero problems! I love it! It came in a generic box with original accessories including the pen and charger. It looked brand new! I was using a galaxy s4 on verizon prepaid. I just took my sim out and put it in my new phone and transferred everything over. I'm still very pleased !
Everything meets my expectations of this phone so far, absolutely love it. All apps work properly.
First time reviewer. Please make sure you know if your mobile carrier's sim card will work in phone before purchasing. The phone itself is unlocked but the Verizon phone will only accept Verizon Sim cards. I was told by my T-Mobile rep that I would have to ask Verizon to unlock the phone further to allow for my T Mobile Sim card. The Verizon store I went to would not do this though.Aside from that, the phone was in immaculate condition, and worked wonderfully aside from not being able to make or receive phone calls.
Great condition works well. Clearly full of bloat ware as it is a unlocked Verizon phone it has all the Verizon crap apps you can not remove without rooting and modding the OS also my last Samsung was a S3 so it didn't have the annoying KNOX on it, again removable if rooted and modded OS. Those are not faults of the seller so not going to remove any stars. The phone is wonderful and I use it on Straight Talk services for 50$ a month unlimited Straight Talk Reps are hard to deal with if you have to call them but make sure you buy the Proper SIM kit "http://www.amazon.com/Straight-Talk-Verizon-Bring-Activation/dp/B00TRQCOOI?ie=UTF8&redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2" and activate it online following the directions and everything should be fine and you shouldn't have to talk to ST Rep.
very little scratch on screen, other than that good buy.
Good phone looks like new but doesnt come with all accessories
Works well,no scratches look brand new for a refurbished phone.works flawless..no issues came before expected time just perfect. Phone is truely unlock. ONLY issue is the apn setting for data but that wasn't go hard after putting in the setting data wifi perfect no problem
Best used phone I've come across! Screen is in mint condition and body has no scratches! Phone works well also.
A++
great phone
Love it !!! Even though it was not what I expected
I wish the newer models were more like the note 3 and note 4.
Absolutely great phone. It transitions well from the Note 2. It is Verizon. Plugged it in, charged and phone was activated immediately. No need to take it to Verizon. Downloaded all my previous info from the cloud. Very happy with this purchase
Everything about this phone was awesome!!!! Only bad thing was it was late getting delivered.
Excellent! Although a little slow to arrive, the phone is new with very minor external flaws that the case covers. Operation is perfect and a real dollar value. Thank you.
Items received with a faulty battery that didn't charge properly, but after contacting the seller and amazon; they were quick to make things right. The second phone needed an upgrade to the newest android version, but the battery was working great! Both phones were nearly perfect! Love it.
The don't have french language where you can change it french that's my problem I have with this phone.
This came in great condition, works well and delivered fast...would use Wireless2Go again to purchase a phone
Perfect. I shall never use an apple product again.
The phone is everything it should be and more. I had to send it back for a defective volume control, which was the fault of the refurbisher and not related to the phone.
Very nice phone and it great condition but no pen included . Would never use it anyway
Great deal
Great phone, fast shipping !!
Phone is impressive and in way better condition than I was expecting. Thanks a million and I'm loving my note 4 experience so far.
My grandson loves this phone!
Great phone, work as advertise. I had a GSM Galaxy Note 4 which I used with straighttalk, I bought this to replace it because straighttalk works with both GSM cell towers/network(AT&T and T-mobile) and CDMA cell towers/network(Verizon). You will need a verizon CDMA 4G-LTE compatible phone(this one) and a compatible sim card.AT&T and T-Mobile signal where I live is very bad, lots of dropped calls and missed calls, so I wanted to change to Verizon network which Straighttalk also offers although this is a little know secret as they don't advertise that its on verizon network. Now I still have the same straighttalk number but on a better network Verizon. If you are planing on switching to CDMA on straighttalk, you need a new sim card from straighttalk or buy it at walmart online for $1.
Exactly what I asked for. Works good on straight talk.
Perfect phone, new screen. The only bad thing was the S pen was sent with a defective tip. No pressure sensitivity. I had to buy a new pen. The phone was still woth the price I paid for it. If they send me another pen I will rate 5 stars.
My 2 year old Note 4 just stopped working one day. I have several calls into Samsung but don't anticipate any answers. I was out ofor town on business and needed a replacement phone ASAP. Dispute the sudden death of my Note 4 I decided to replace it with the same model. Not only did amazon get the phone to my hotel the next day, but the phone itself was perfect. Looked good, battery was charged, and the phone worked as well if not better than my original Note 4. I know my cars Bluetooth sure connected better. I decide to write a review, becauss I was in a pinch and Amazon saved the day.
I am proud of this phone for the money. It didn't work at first, as it wouldn't complete setup. After a call to Verizon, they discovered that the memory hadn't been completely wipes. After a hard reset it worked perfectly.
I already bought this phone(Samsung note 4 verizon) but I want unlock it with code by bying it is possible?
I'd actually give it 4.5 stars. The phone had a few small knicks, but that was to be expected. It's also a tad slow, but I think it's good for the price I paid.
Great phone. Arrived when it said it would
Very nice I love it.
this is really worth all its money and more. excellent service when contacted about arrival of item,i ordered it for my cousin he does'nt want to put it down
Nice phone that does everything it is designed to do. It is a little more difficult to set up ringtones than previous models.
This phone is fantastic. I really like it and it works fabulous
Just like a brand new phone. Can't tell the difference
Love it....
You might want to include buying a new battery if you decide to get a refurbished Note 4 from here. Ours came with pretty bad battery life and have to get a new one. Other than that, it's a great phone with no exploding battery.
Little glitch but works great for my needs
works perfectly no issues
Phone was good condition looks just like new. Delivered promptly. Clean esn. Battery life isn't the greatest but its alright.
The product looked to be new, the quality was everything I had hoped for. I use Straight Talk as my service and this Verizon cell phone works wonderfully with my service. It was very easy to set up service on the cell phone and I get better coverage/cell service then my previous cell phone that was a Note II through Sprint.
Wow, this saved me almost $500 from having to buy a new Note 5. The phone is great and the sim card from my old Note 2 fit like a glove. There is one slight mar on the screen, but nothing you would notice if you weren't really looking.
Works great, great shipping, and great price!
I like everything about my order the phone is perfect
Perfect condition, not a scratch or any sign of this phone being a refurbished one. Perfect working condition as well. Excellent product at a great price!
Great phone, showed up in like new condition. There was a slight blemish under/on the screen, almost looked like a dead pixel it wasn't, you have to really look for it when the screen is on so I was not too bothered.
The Samsung galaxy note 4 is everything .it is as expected , from picture quality to really cool features and size .it's really awesome .
So far so good. Just like a new one, but 400 hundred bucks cheaper
Purchased a refurbished Samsung Note 4 from Dealfisher. The phone I received looked brand new. Not one scratch. Looks perfect. After having it a couple of days I noticed the battery would go completely dead at around 60%. Contacted Dealfisher and they immediately gave me a price adjustment. Purchased an Anker brand battery for it (awesome!) and now I'm loving this phone. In my opinion it's the top of the line. There is a learning curve as with any smart phone, but once you learn your way around and start using its features you'll love it too. Samsung went over the top with this one.
I giving it a 5 because I'm totally loving this phone it came fast great job
My son really likes this phone. It came in great condition for a refurbished item and worked perfectly right out of the box. We are very happy with it and the great deal and service we got from DealFisher!
It's the best phone. I love, it very nice, its color is amazing
really like it, excelent customer service, and product. After receiving the phone with no pen they where with us and help us get it, phone was super, thank you
This smartphone is amazing i love it !!
The phone was very good but I returned it. The screen came slightly damaged. May have been a factory defect. But the return was possible and everything was good.
It's ok
Love the Note 4!
My mother loves it.
Is was in perfect condition.. Well pleased
Yes it was everything I expected and better.. Immaculate cosmetics and functionality thus far..
Love the phone
Very good conditions!!
Enjoying my phone!
Nice. Thk u guys.
Awesome,thank you
I've had the phone for two days now and so far it works great. But when I turned it on, the start up screen has Japanese writing, and some other features are written in Japanese but it was just stuff like website suggestions, and the time/weather and location is automatically set to another countries info so you'll have to fiddle with all that and set it to your own but then it'll all be correct to your own location so it wasn't a big deal. I have not put service on it yet, I'm just using it on wifi but I'll update this once I do put service on it and let you know how it works.Also when I first turned it on, it needed to be updated several times which in turn, killed the battery quickly, but don't worry about it, after you charge it again, it will drain much slower because the phone doesn't have to work as hard.One thing I want to note is the front facing camera is odd. If you go to take a "selfie" and you angle your face towards the bottom of the screen of top, it makes your face look really long and funny almost like kooking in a carnival mirror. But if you center your face it looks normal.Camera is very HD, battery life is nice, finger print lock, heart rate monitor located on the back, built in S pen, applications can be moved around screen.
wonderful
Due to the phone being pretty cheap, T-Mobile is still selling it for 400 dollars in late 2016, I feel that I got a really good deal for 220 bucks. Anyway, the phone came and the box it came in looked like it was thrown around by the handlers but the bubble wrap packaging inside was sufficient enough to withstand the carrier abuse. For it being used, I was very satisfied with it being still in great shape for the price, I was expecting some scratches and maybe even a dent or two but nope it was in great condition and I was happy with this, I took out my T-Mobile sim out of my old phone and installed it and it pretty much came up with no hiccups or any problems, LTE works perfectly, overall I am very satisfied with the phone and would buy again from Zeetron. Thanks! Enjoying my Note 4!
Good
Good item
this thing kicks ass. First thing I did before putting all my data/contacts/apps/simcard in was remove as much of touchwhiz and bloatware as possible. I do have to say the touchwiz has gotten a lot better compared to my galaxy S3.When Cyanogenmod stable releases for this, I will probably put that on.Hardware-wise, its excellent, and once I removed the bloatware, the battery life was impressive. I can go a day and a half with normal use. god bless samsung and the peace of mind that comes with their removable batteries. This particular phone also has an aluminum chassis!Definitely get it if you think a phablet is practical for you.
Totally worth it
GOOD!!
this is what i expected... 100% recommended
very good
Exactly as described. Brand new SM-N910F.
Excellent
In excellent condition
Good Battery life, great large screen, like the fingerprint and the s-pen. Love this phone
Work and looks good
Beautiful phone. I've been using prepaid phones for years now. But their servers have always been problematic. I wanted to go with a better carrier without being locked into a silly contract so I decided to by an unlocked phone. The phone is exactly as described. Brand spanking new and unlocked. I was nervous because the phone manual and the phone was pre-set in Chinese. But I took the phone to AT&T and they were able to activate the phone with no problems. I have 4G and the phone works great. I was nervous about buying an unlocked phone because of all the horror stories I've heard. But so far my experience has been great. I can't speak for other phone carriers but my phone works 100% with AT&T.
I love my phone. Just as describtion says. Would recommend.
very good
The Snapdragon is amazing .. i think thats enough 😊Just Be careful with the display. . It scratches easily.
I've owned nearly every iPhone and many Android devices. All of them were great, but all of them compromised something. The Samsung Note 4 compromises very little. It's fast, powerful, light, functional, has a great screen, takes awesome photos, has an SD memory card capability, an amazing writing stylus built in. All that being said, one of the best features is the ability to easily replace a battery. All this power and performance eats up batteries and while the Note 4 is pretty good at managing power, it is still a glutton for power. The beauty of this device, in addition to all its great specs and features, is that you can readily pop off the back and replace the battery. What a novel idea. Duh! I purchased an Anker wall charger and two replacement batteries for next to nothing. Now, I can easily go for 24 hours or more and never run out of power.
very good
This phone is excellent This device is loaded with many features, what I like about this phone the most is, it battery last very long
I gave it 4 stars because the box had been opened but as for my mobil came in good condition all perfect
Love this Phone!!!
It is like having ATT phone with no restrictions for ATT customers.
Amazing phone. My dad is very happy with his purchase.
Great phone with great battery life. It works with most major network bands all over the globe. Seller is also very considerate and will include a adapter for the US.
It works great. I love the phone but since it doesn't work on the primary T-Mobile band, it can have terrible reception in areas that I had perfect reception with my previous phone.
Everything with the phone is up to my expectations but just that it was not delivered on the said time.
The cell it's in OK conditions. I'm really satisfied
great device
Overall a great phone. But I installed the available lollipop version of android and it has started creating a few problems here and there (mostly with gaming). The bluetooth seems to be disconnecting on regular intervals with my photive btw water resistant speakers, but this might just be coz of the confines of the shower room. For t-mobile I get 4G LTE (one of the reasons I researched and got this particular model). Battery life is awesome. The photo note is great for quick notes from articles and other imagery. I haven't yet seen the note charging faster as advertised. It still takes quite some time to charge to 50% (more than an hour unlike the advertised 30 min).
I lost my cell phone and want to lock it but do not have the IMEI code. In case do not find , you can give me
yes its original and it works with all mobile sim cards i love it
its very good .. thank you
Great phone, quick delivery, specs were accurate
N910F is an unlocked phone:This means that you can only connect it to GSM networks (not CDMA networks like Verizon or Sprint).This also means that you will need to add configuration information specific to your service provider.This also means that you can travel with it internationally, and buy local pre-paid SIM cards, so you're paying local rates for local calls and data, vs International rates.AT&T users:The phone comes with basic instructions on how to connect to AT&T, but better instructions are available directly from AT&T [https://www.att.com/esupport/article.jsp?sid=KB424489].ROOT users:If you plan to ROOT the device, be aware that you'll need to upgrade it with the version 5.0.1 stock bootloader/firmware first (as it comes with 5.0), otherwise you'll receive a bootup error after you install a rooted ROM. Fortunately, even if you're reading this after you've tried to install a rooted ROM, you can go back and installed the stock 5.01 bootloader, and then re-install the rooted ROM.Transferring an SD card from another phone:If you're using an SD card from a previous phone, even if it's an Android, you'll need to reformat your SD card before installing new apps, otherwise the write permissions will cause an issue were downloads seem to hang. Formatting the SD card, and then rebooting solves the problem.
Initially I was confused between iPhone 6 plus and the Note 4. I got a chance to experience both phones and I must say the Note 4 was far better than the iPhone 6. I did lots of research and found out that this was exactly the phone I wanted. Since its unlocked I can use it anywhere in the world. I recommended the phone to few of my other friends an they bought it too. They absolutely love it.
Fanastic phone, LOVE IT, delivered on time and the phone was exactly as described.....!! Thanks
Solid Build..Vivid Colour..Excellent camera sensor and processing..Multiple options with S pen..Powerful Processor...Large enough space...Fast charging...What else you want??!!
Just as I wanted!
As expected. Top notch Samsung product. Top notch Google Android software.
Love the phone. Only one thing is LTE won't work on AT&T or T-Mobile network, so your gonna be stuck with 4G or HSP+.
Bought this phone for use in the US on AT&T. Initially there were issues but I was prepared to have some and AT&T helped fix them. One issue I still have is that the carrier websites do not recognize the IMEI # for the phone. I had to speak with someone to get the phone working on the network. I've also found my AT&T signal is maxing at 4G (NO LTE) with 2 bars but on average I'm getting H to H+ service. The One X+ I'm switching from had MUCH better signal strength, I believe this to be related to band issues and would like to add it was something I was prepared for thus I'm not letting it effect my review. Samsung's UI isn't too painful just yet and I'm LOVING the screen on this thing. WIFI signal strength is solid.DO KNOW when ordering this version you will receive a European charging cable, USB works fine but the quick charge plug included will not work here in the US without an adapter.
Great service & awesome phone!!!!
More than expected, really enjoying it. Would recommend it to anyone.
I've been struggling with the Exynos 5433 model N910C for almost a year.I'm an Android power user / flashaholic & I gotta have custom everything. I thought I was buying the right device when I saw "trltexx" on Cyanogenmod's site. Unfortunately, I discovered my error at the last possible moment after I had already rooted the device & tried to install CM. "trltexx" is N910F. "treltexx" is N910C. Whoops!But, I tried to make the best of it & found stuff on XDA Developers that I could work with for a while. And that got old. I yearned for an easier experience with my device.Having the two side by side fully customized with TWRP 2.8.7.0, Cyanogenmod 13 & all the same apps & data, I notice a significant performance boost with the Snapdragon based N910F.The N910C does not have official Cyanogenmod support, but N910F does.CM13 is UNofficial for both devices at this time. Super smooth on N910F & performs well under load. Kernel Adiutor (not a typo) handles CPU frequency scaling (& overclocking, if you're into that) like a champ.I love the Note 4 & I'm glad I switched models.P.S. I pulled my nano SIM for Straight Talk (AT&T) from N910C, put into N910F & was up & going without further configuration on device or Straight Talk website.
Awesome specs great phone recommend it to anyone wanting a larger phone. Also great that my seller shipped free and I got it just as fast as amazon prime
a++
This Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has met all my expectations. The only draw back is that the description did not state the sim card size. I was lucky to find that ATT was able to cut my standard sized one down to the next sixe down at no charge. Phone worked immediately upon inserting the sim card. Once the shipping delay had been fixed, my phone arrived within 3 days. Love my new phone. Samsung is the best!
What a great buy
Excellent machine and delivered on time.
Ordered two of these as gifts for my parents and they love it. Picture quality is amazing too.
Good
It's ok
Love the Note 4!
My mother loves it.
Is was in perfect condition.. Well pleased
Yes it was everything I expected and better.. Immaculate cosmetics and functionality thus far..
Love the phone
Very good conditions!!
Enjoying my phone!
this thing kicks ass. First thing I did before putting all my data/contacts/apps/simcard in was remove as much of touchwhiz and bloatware as possible. I do have to say the touchwiz has gotten a lot better compared to my galaxy S3.When Cyanogenmod stable releases for this, I will probably put that on.Hardware-wise, its excellent, and once I removed the bloatware, the battery life was impressive. I can go a day and a half with normal use. god bless samsung and the peace of mind that comes with their removable batteries. This particular phone also has an aluminum chassis!Definitely get it if you think a phablet is practical for you.
Totally worth it
GOOD!!
this is what i expected... 100% recommended
very good
Exactly as described. Brand new SM-N910F.
Nice. Thk u guys.
Awesome,thank you
I've had the phone for two days now and so far it works great. But when I turned it on, the start up screen has Japanese writing, and some other features are written in Japanese but it was just stuff like website suggestions, and the time/weather and location is automatically set to another countries info so you'll have to fiddle with all that and set it to your own but then it'll all be correct to your own location so it wasn't a big deal. I have not put service on it yet, I'm just using it on wifi but I'll update this once I do put service on it and let you know how it works.Also when I first turned it on, it needed to be updated several times which in turn, killed the battery quickly, but don't worry about it, after you charge it again, it will drain much slower because the phone doesn't have to work as hard.One thing I want to note is the front facing camera is odd. If you go to take a "selfie" and you angle your face towards the bottom of the screen of top, it makes your face look really long and funny almost like kooking in a carnival mirror. But if you center your face it looks normal.Camera is very HD, battery life is nice, finger print lock, heart rate monitor located on the back, built in S pen, applications can be moved around screen.
wonderful
Due to the phone being pretty cheap, T-Mobile is still selling it for 400 dollars in late 2016, I feel that I got a really good deal for 220 bucks. Anyway, the phone came and the box it came in looked like it was thrown around by the handlers but the bubble wrap packaging inside was sufficient enough to withstand the carrier abuse. For it being used, I was very satisfied with it being still in great shape for the price, I was expecting some scratches and maybe even a dent or two but nope it was in great condition and I was happy with this, I took out my T-Mobile sim out of my old phone and installed it and it pretty much came up with no hiccups or any problems, LTE works perfectly, overall I am very satisfied with the phone and would buy again from Zeetron. Thanks! Enjoying my Note 4!
The shipping service and the device are awesome
Perfect
excellent seller and the best mobile work very good in my country Kuwait
I'm in CA, USA using the TMOBILE netwrok, 4G LTE speeds work great, and phone calls work great too!
Great !!!!!! only problem was late delivery
Excelent product, plug&play in latin america!
Best phone ever !!
Nothing to say. Excellent.
This is an amazing phone and it was a great price. The seller described it to a tee. I'm pleased with both the item and the seller.
Love this phone
I'm absolutely in love with this phone, it got here on time exactly as advertised and it's not a knockoff. Works well on tmobile
The phone is just what I wanted
Excellent
In excellent condition
Good Battery life, great large screen, like the fingerprint and the s-pen. Love this phone
Work and looks good
Beautiful phone. I've been using prepaid phones for years now. But their servers have always been problematic. I wanted to go with a better carrier without being locked into a silly contract so I decided to by an unlocked phone. The phone is exactly as described. Brand spanking new and unlocked. I was nervous because the phone manual and the phone was pre-set in Chinese. But I took the phone to AT&T and they were able to activate the phone with no problems. I have 4G and the phone works great. I was nervous about buying an unlocked phone because of all the horror stories I've heard. But so far my experience has been great. I can't speak for other phone carriers but my phone works 100% with AT&T.
very good
Everything with the phone is up to my expectations but just that it was not delivered on the said time.
The cell it's in OK conditions. I'm really satisfied
great device
Overall a great phone. But I installed the available lollipop version of android and it has started creating a few problems here and there (mostly with gaming). The bluetooth seems to be disconnecting on regular intervals with my photive btw water resistant speakers, but this might just be coz of the confines of the shower room. For t-mobile I get 4G LTE (one of the reasons I researched and got this particular model). Battery life is awesome. The photo note is great for quick notes from articles and other imagery. I haven't yet seen the note charging faster as advertised. It still takes quite some time to charge to 50% (more than an hour unlike the advertised 30 min).
I lost my cell phone and want to lock it but do not have the IMEI code. In case do not find , you can give me
yes its original and it works with all mobile sim cards i love it
its very good .. thank you
Great phone, quick delivery, specs were accurate
N910F is an unlocked phone:This means that you can only connect it to GSM networks (not CDMA networks like Verizon or Sprint).This also means that you will need to add configuration information specific to your service provider.This also means that you can travel with it internationally, and buy local pre-paid SIM cards, so you're paying local rates for local calls and data, vs International rates.AT&T users:The phone comes with basic instructions on how to connect to AT&T, but better instructions are available directly from AT&T [https://www.att.com/esupport/article.jsp?sid=KB424489].ROOT users:If you plan to ROOT the device, be aware that you'll need to upgrade it with the version 5.0.1 stock bootloader/firmware first (as it comes with 5.0), otherwise you'll receive a bootup error after you install a rooted ROM. Fortunately, even if you're reading this after you've tried to install a rooted ROM, you can go back and installed the stock 5.01 bootloader, and then re-install the rooted ROM.Transferring an SD card from another phone:If you're using an SD card from a previous phone, even if it's an Android, you'll need to reformat your SD card before installing new apps, otherwise the write permissions will cause an issue were downloads seem to hang. Formatting the SD card, and then rebooting solves the problem.
I've owned nearly every iPhone and many Android devices. All of them were great, but all of them compromised something. The Samsung Note 4 compromises very little. It's fast, powerful, light, functional, has a great screen, takes awesome photos, has an SD memory card capability, an amazing writing stylus built in. All that being said, one of the best features is the ability to easily replace a battery. All this power and performance eats up batteries and while the Note 4 is pretty good at managing power, it is still a glutton for power. The beauty of this device, in addition to all its great specs and features, is that you can readily pop off the back and replace the battery. What a novel idea. Duh! I purchased an Anker wall charger and two replacement batteries for next to nothing. Now, I can easily go for 24 hours or more and never run out of power.
very good
This phone is excellent This device is loaded with many features, what I like about this phone the most is, it battery last very long
I gave it 4 stars because the box had been opened but as for my mobil came in good condition all perfect
Love this Phone!!!
It is like having ATT phone with no restrictions for ATT customers.
Amazing phone. My dad is very happy with his purchase.
Great phone with great battery life. It works with most major network bands all over the globe. Seller is also very considerate and will include a adapter for the US.
It works great. I love the phone but since it doesn't work on the primary T-Mobile band, it can have terrible reception in areas that I had perfect reception with my previous phone.
this thing kicks ass. First thing I did before putting all my data/contacts/apps/simcard in was remove as much of touchwhiz and bloatware as possible. I do have to say the touchwiz has gotten a lot better compared to my galaxy S3.When Cyanogenmod stable releases for this, I will probably put that on.Hardware-wise, its excellent, and once I removed the bloatware, the battery life was impressive. I can go a day and a half with normal use. god bless samsung and the peace of mind that comes with their removable batteries. This particular phone also has an aluminum chassis!Definitely get it if you think a phablet is practical for you.
Totally worth it
GOOD!!
this is what i expected... 100% recommended
very good
Exactly as described. Brand new SM-N910F.
Nothing to say. Excellent.
This is an amazing phone and it was a great price. The seller described it to a tee. I'm pleased with both the item and the seller.
Love this phone
I'm absolutely in love with this phone, it got here on time exactly as advertised and it's not a knockoff. Works well on tmobile
The phone is just what I wanted
Excellent
In excellent condition
Good Battery life, great large screen, like the fingerprint and the s-pen. Love this phone
Work and looks good
Beautiful phone. I've been using prepaid phones for years now. But their servers have always been problematic. I wanted to go with a better carrier without being locked into a silly contract so I decided to by an unlocked phone. The phone is exactly as described. Brand spanking new and unlocked. I was nervous because the phone manual and the phone was pre-set in Chinese. But I took the phone to AT&T and they were able to activate the phone with no problems. I have 4G and the phone works great. I was nervous about buying an unlocked phone because of all the horror stories I've heard. But so far my experience has been great. I can't speak for other phone carriers but my phone works 100% with AT&T.
I love my phone. Just as describtion says. Would recommend.
very good
The Snapdragon is amazing .. i think thats enough 😊Just Be careful with the display. . It scratches easily.
It's ok
Love the Note 4!
My mother loves it.
Is was in perfect condition.. Well pleased
Yes it was everything I expected and better.. Immaculate cosmetics and functionality thus far..
Love the phone
Very good conditions!!
Enjoying my phone!
Nice. Thk u guys.
Awesome,thank you
I've had the phone for two days now and so far it works great. But when I turned it on, the start up screen has Japanese writing, and some other features are written in Japanese but it was just stuff like website suggestions, and the time/weather and location is automatically set to another countries info so you'll have to fiddle with all that and set it to your own but then it'll all be correct to your own location so it wasn't a big deal. I have not put service on it yet, I'm just using it on wifi but I'll update this once I do put service on it and let you know how it works.Also when I first turned it on, it needed to be updated several times which in turn, killed the battery quickly, but don't worry about it, after you charge it again, it will drain much slower because the phone doesn't have to work as hard.One thing I want to note is the front facing camera is odd. If you go to take a "selfie" and you angle your face towards the bottom of the screen of top, it makes your face look really long and funny almost like kooking in a carnival mirror. But if you center your face it looks normal.Camera is very HD, battery life is nice, finger print lock, heart rate monitor located on the back, built in S pen, applications can be moved around screen.
wonderful
Due to the phone being pretty cheap, T-Mobile is still selling it for 400 dollars in late 2016, I feel that I got a really good deal for 220 bucks. Anyway, the phone came and the box it came in looked like it was thrown around by the handlers but the bubble wrap packaging inside was sufficient enough to withstand the carrier abuse. For it being used, I was very satisfied with it being still in great shape for the price, I was expecting some scratches and maybe even a dent or two but nope it was in great condition and I was happy with this, I took out my T-Mobile sim out of my old phone and installed it and it pretty much came up with no hiccups or any problems, LTE works perfectly, overall I am very satisfied with the phone and would buy again from Zeetron. Thanks! Enjoying my Note 4!
Good
Good item
I've been struggling with the Exynos 5433 model N910C for almost a year.I'm an Android power user / flashaholic & I gotta have custom everything. I thought I was buying the right device when I saw "trltexx" on Cyanogenmod's site. Unfortunately, I discovered my error at the last possible moment after I had already rooted the device & tried to install CM. "trltexx" is N910F. "treltexx" is N910C. Whoops!But, I tried to make the best of it & found stuff on XDA Developers that I could work with for a while. And that got old. I yearned for an easier experience with my device.Having the two side by side fully customized with TWRP 2.8.7.0, Cyanogenmod 13 & all the same apps & data, I notice a significant performance boost with the Snapdragon based N910F.The N910C does not have official Cyanogenmod support, but N910F does.CM13 is UNofficial for both devices at this time. Super smooth on N910F & performs well under load. Kernel Adiutor (not a typo) handles CPU frequency scaling (& overclocking, if you're into that) like a champ.I love the Note 4 & I'm glad I switched models.P.S. I pulled my nano SIM for Straight Talk (AT&T) from N910C, put into N910F & was up & going without further configuration on device or Straight Talk website.
Awesome specs great phone recommend it to anyone wanting a larger phone. Also great that my seller shipped free and I got it just as fast as amazon prime
a++
This Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has met all my expectations. The only draw back is that the description did not state the sim card size. I was lucky to find that ATT was able to cut my standard sized one down to the next sixe down at no charge. Phone worked immediately upon inserting the sim card. Once the shipping delay had been fixed, my phone arrived within 3 days. Love my new phone. Samsung is the best!
What a great buy
Excellent machine and delivered on time.
Ordered two of these as gifts for my parents and they love it. Picture quality is amazing too.
Good
The shipping service and the device are awesome
Perfect
excellent seller and the best mobile work very good in my country Kuwait
I'm in CA, USA using the TMOBILE netwrok, 4G LTE speeds work great, and phone calls work great too!
Great !!!!!! only problem was late delivery
Excelent product, plug&play in latin america!
Best phone ever !!
Initially I was confused between iPhone 6 plus and the Note 4. I got a chance to experience both phones and I must say the Note 4 was far better than the iPhone 6. I did lots of research and found out that this was exactly the phone I wanted. Since its unlocked I can use it anywhere in the world. I recommended the phone to few of my other friends an they bought it too. They absolutely love it.
Fanastic phone, LOVE IT, delivered on time and the phone was exactly as described.....!! Thanks
Solid Build..Vivid Colour..Excellent camera sensor and processing..Multiple options with S pen..Powerful Processor...Large enough space...Fast charging...What else you want??!!
Just as I wanted!
As expected. Top notch Samsung product. Top notch Google Android software.
Love the phone. Only one thing is LTE won't work on AT&T or T-Mobile network, so your gonna be stuck with 4G or HSP+.
Bought this phone for use in the US on AT&T. Initially there were issues but I was prepared to have some and AT&T helped fix them. One issue I still have is that the carrier websites do not recognize the IMEI # for the phone. I had to speak with someone to get the phone working on the network. I've also found my AT&T signal is maxing at 4G (NO LTE) with 2 bars but on average I'm getting H to H+ service. The One X+ I'm switching from had MUCH better signal strength, I believe this to be related to band issues and would like to add it was something I was prepared for thus I'm not letting it effect my review. Samsung's UI isn't too painful just yet and I'm LOVING the screen on this thing. WIFI signal strength is solid.DO KNOW when ordering this version you will receive a European charging cable, USB works fine but the quick charge plug included will not work here in the US without an adapter.
Great service & awesome phone!!!!
More than expected, really enjoying it. Would recommend it to anyone.
The seller's description was spot-on. It was described as like new and it proved to be true. When I opened the box, everything was unopened except for the battery (it needs to be inserted for the phone to power on). Everything was wrapped and unopened in its original packaging. The phone had two plastic protectors (one on its front and one on its back). I found that the phone had ZERO scratches or dents and looked unused whatsoever. If I am to nitpick, the only problem I would have is the box of the phone had a few specks of dirt on it :p. Everything about the package was great. The product was well protected with bubble wrap and foam pieces. The box was larger than needed but it was because of all the protection filled in it. I highly recommend this product, because the price was reasonable for something that was used only for a few minutes by the seller and looks brand new.
In general, this is a good phone. I only wish I were able to upgrade the OS as my husband did with HIS Note 4.
Fit well item was same as described by sellers
I love this phone and everything about it. It does everything i want and more. Would recommend to anyone.
Excellent phone. Still one of the best phones on the market right now. Great price. Is worth it every penny.
Love this phone and stylus that comes with it. Other great options. I use this with Consumer Cellular. You need to call them for phone settings on their network. Android forever :)
Perfect!
Waooo, what a glasess beautiful of all i have seeing. Gorgious.
Perfect!
EXCELLENT!!!!!
Love it .
It is making a world of difference in my family. They are really loving it.
I have had my phone for about 3-4 weeks. I am still getting to know it, and all I've ever known before was an iPhone. I am finding that reading the manual gives me more information on how to best utilize all the phone's features. I like the size, although, I am still fumbling when trying to hold it. I'm hoping I get more used to the size, but I cannot get used to the bad placement of the on/off button. It is directly across the phone from the up/down volume buttons, which are all at the top 1/3 of the phone! Not a good place. I am always turning the phone on/off, and adjusting my volume. Speaking of volume adjustment, I don't know if having 4 different volume adjustments is nice, or adding to my stress level. Not only can I increase the volume of the ringer, but also "media," "notifications," and "system," whatever all that means. I am still reading the manual. The main reason I got the phone was because of the amount of memory I could add to it, and the fact that I could add another battery, so I wouldn't have to buy a whole new phone when the battery wore out. I use this phablet for my business, which takes me out into the field to take pictures, and record notes. I need quick access to the internet while out on the road. Things I miss from my iPhone are the task list and the ability to place apps into folders to clean up the look on the screen. Perhaps I'm not at that part of the manual yet. I made the switch from apple to android because my computer is a PC, not a Mac. iTunes never worked right on a PC, and I was tired of worrying about phone back-up systems, and not being able to transfer music and picture files easily from my computer to my phone, and vice-versa. So far, that has been a breeze on my new android. Now, if someone would just make a bluetooth headset which would fit my ear/face/head, and that played audio files, I would be a happy worker bee! My phone's included earphones had a short in the wiring, and this Amazon Seller has yet to respond to my request to return and exchange them.
Had no problem activating it with boost mobile. Beautiful graphics and less than retail. I love the freedom of it being unlocked.
Veeeeeeery goooood!!!!
Excelente
Love it.
I bought it for my husband and he loooves it :D !!! Worth every penny
Love my phone, wish I got it sooner
very good and works perfect
What I really like about note 4: its size and of course camera quality. (Better than my s4.) What I DIDN'T like about it: For some weird reason cell service was worse. A lot worse. I have spotty service at my residence, but when I switched to the Note 4 I couldn't even place a phone call or send a message from inside the house. Put the SIM card back into my old s4 and I can place calls and message from inside the house. Also, the size limit for messaging is a lot smaller. All my previous smart phones would automatically compress image or sound to a sendable size. This phone doesn't. I've also tried sending sound attachments on the note4 and it would say: Exceeds allowable sending size limit. I would then try the same on my old s4 and it would go through no problem, even without compressing it. And last thing I had an issue with: I couldn't download/save an attachment from my yahoo email app. Gmail worked fine on this phone. Yahoo wouldn't. No idea why. Other than that - I really love this phone, the looks, the feel...
Works great. New and arrived on time. Internationally unlocked.
Beautiful and nice phone
phone has been working as intended thus far. sleek design with a unique color...enjoying it.
I bought this so that I would not be tied to a service contract, but some of the features leave a lot to be desired i.e. turning on/off cell service, data usage is high in background. I had to restrict data to Wi-Fi only so as to not run out of data.
Great product. International unlocked Galaxy Note 4. I bought it in the US and tried in with other carriers in different countries and it worked great! The phone itself is amazing and full of great features. Arrived quickly and on time
Wow perfect
Good as described. Ex!!,,
Exelent
This phone is everything i thought it would be nothing wrong with it all came on time and packaged perfectly.The only thing this phone is not supported by boost mobile,The phone company ive had for 2 years so i had to transfer to metro pcs so if you have boost think about it i transfered for just my first months bill no extra charges so yeah this phone is perfect
I love it!
Exactly what I wanted and delivered as promised.
It's a wonderful telephone!!!! It works perfect in Argentina.
Over my expectation
I bought this mobile to use in India and it is working really well with GSM connection in India. Its been more than 1 month of using this phone and haven't seen any problem in that. Good product and also fast delivery services.
Awesome
Samsung is doing a great job in electronics. Note 4 is a perfect phablet.
Great product
very good!!! tks
Excellent cel...!!!!
Love it really got my monies worth
Good
Arrived in perfect condition and I love my new phone. Makes business and life so much easier!
very nice
Bought it for my mom. She loves it so far.
Amazing phone! Loved it! So many more features than the iPhone and much bigger haha its an iPhone but cheaper and way more features with it.
I like it a lot so far. The quality of images and video is perfect. The only inconvenience is the weight. It's really heavy, especially for someone like me who when from Aaron Samsung mini straight to more bulky one.
Glad I didn't pay for expedited shipping as this was shipped the day after ordering and arrived the 2nd day. Love that.The color is not as gold as I expected. Doesn't matter since I immediately threw it into a case. Screen is best I've ever seen. It does way more than I will ever need in a phone. It's surprisingly light. Even though it shipped as KitKat version, the 5.1 Lollipop is due out soon for this model. Not worried there. This DID NOT come with an American plug or adapter. But if you're in America, its easy to find such a thing nearby.Sound quality and features are excellent. I bought this phone for my wife as she always wanted the larger screens. I was always more of a 5 inch screen or less kind of person due to my work movements. But I'm a little jealous now and will keep a sharp eye on the Note 5 due out soon - for myself.
Super nice phone
I guess Apple made one too many bad choices since Steve's gone, I really have found the iPhone interface to have gotten worse, and moved back to Android - over the years these phones have really come around. This phone has more computing power than my computer. Love it.
Only work on AT&T network
Wpnderful
Just loveeeeee my note 4.......it is super perfect
It's a good phone
Good size for watching YouTube videos, playing games and surfing the Web. Would love to buy another if I could get a discount
the device is very good, Amazon is good too, but I have to control my financial, because I have no job.
Good
Best choice ever.
Good Quality phone!! works great!
Food
This phone much more of my needs and I'm still learning with it. It's above my expectation. Great phone, a small computer....
This is a AWESOME PHONE>>>>>> iPhone can't compete .... HANDS DOWN #1 unless u buy the S6 but think about not being able to change batt and memory card at will....
So far, so good. It's a beautiful device!
Good phone working good
I'M HAVING EXCELLENT EXPERIENCE WITH THE GALAXY NOTE 4.I REALLY LOVE IT. THANX TO YOU. DES.
Below you will find my previous rating. As it turns out, it wasn't the phone it was the provider. I do not profess to be an expert in cell providers and technicalities, but it seems that T-Mobile's 4G network is not accessible to phones not configured by them. I switched to AT&T and everything is now fine!!! Because I was only getting 3G coverage with T-Mobile, my phone had to search harder to find a 3G tower, which are separate from the 4G towers. The further the tower, the weaker my reception. This presented a BIG problem with folks not being able to hear me on my phone. I am now in love, love, love with this phone and have great plans for it!!PLEASE READ AND BEWARE. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PHONE! HOWEVER, even though it has 4G capability, this phone may not be able to access 4G because of your provider. I have T-Mobile and was horrified when I found out I spent all this money for the phone and cannot get 4G because my unlocked phone was not prepared and sold by T-Mobile. Therefore, that whole feature is out the window! I saved around $150 by purchasing this phone on Amazon instead of at T-Mobile but I will never get full use of the phone. Alternatively, I could try to get a refund. The phone itself is gorgeous and even elegant. I love the colorful screen and the camera resolution is the best I've seen so far. My last phone which was a $50 Samsung Exhibit even got 4G so it's like I've taken a step backwards. But I needed much more memory to load my itunes music since my ipod went defunct. I also will need more memory for videos that I plan to take. Another issue is the sim card size. My old sim was too large to fit in the slot. That means that international sims may not fit, as well.Again, a beautiful piece of work, just don't count on 4G.
So far am loving this phone.
Exelent And cheaper is good
Just what I wanted! A fabulous upgrade from my note 2
Am crazy over this phone works well brand new just i expected
This is one of the best phone i have ever i mean ever brought in year. This phone work very very well just as i imagine. I got all my pictures contact and didnt have no problem usiing the same carrier that i had which was "net10" it works liike a charm.
It doesn't have Spanish
Beyond expectations.
I really like this phone. Great deal.
Wonderful
I bought this to replace an AT&T note 4 which started blanking out after 2 years and several falls. It worked great for a couple of months, the camera is even better than the previous phone for some reason even thought they are both Note 4's.However, in the last two days it has started losing my contacts (sometimes just showing the numbers - on calls and WhatsApp - other times when I've looked up a name in Contacts it tells me there's no number stored) and I've had to do battery pulls to get them back. Appears to be a programming issue, but i really don't want to have to reload and do all my settings again.Lovely phone otherwise. Gold color is great, it's unlocked, unbundled with bloatware and I am able to use the mobile hotspot which I couldn't do with the previous phone.
matches the descriptions, and also works nicely.
Family asked for this particular product so I got it as a gift for them.
I've had it for less than a month, so I can't say too much about it. I had the Samsung Galaxy S4 before getting this one. So far, so good. Similar interface as the Galaxy. The stylus pen is real nice to have for note taking. The fast-charger adapter is truly fast, which is great. Not much else to say yet. Satisfied so far. Works like the Galaxy but with more features.
I recently ordered this Samsung note 4 for my wife. I have the AT&T Samsung note 3 my self but this international note 4 is awesome works great and we have cricket and it's already unlocked.
This phone is all what Samsung said it is, except for touchwhiz, which i immediately removed and replaced with nova launcher. zero lag, battery life- almost two days on average use(4g network). the stylus is a plus,the screen is beautiful but i noticed when change from adaptive screen, the screen looks pinkish. i would recommend this phone to anyone who works with their phone other than just for looks and hype, there is all what you want in a phone and it works well and fast. best improvement in all Samsung lines.
i just want to know you really has this product now
Loving my new Galaxy Note 4!! 💕💕💕
That is good. It is the real phone the owner described
Make my job easy to handle. The Samsung galaxy note 4 is great!!! EXCELLENT FAST SHIPPING
Its perfect
No complaints the phone is as described. Brand new unlocked sealed
It's beautiful
Very good
Awesome product
Excellent fit and color very sexy
Great Phone. Has LTE-A very nice surprise
I bought this mobile to use in India and it is working really well with GSM connection in India. Its been more than 1 month of using this phone and haven't seen any problem in that. Good product and also fast delivery services.
Awesome
Samsung is doing a great job in electronics. Note 4 is a perfect phablet.
Great product
very good!!! tks
Excellent cel...!!!!
Love it really got my monies worth
Arrived in perfect condition and I love my new phone. Makes business and life so much easier!
Wow perfect
Exelent
I love it!
Exactly what I wanted and delivered as promised.
It's a wonderful telephone!!!! It works perfect in Argentina.
Over my expectation
I love this phone and everything about it. It does everything i want and more. Would recommend to anyone.
Excellent phone. Still one of the best phones on the market right now. Great price. Is worth it every penny.
Love this phone and stylus that comes with it. Other great options. I use this with Consumer Cellular. You need to call them for phone settings on their network. Android forever :)
Perfect!
Waooo, what a glasess beautiful of all i have seeing. Gorgious.
Perfect!
EXCELLENT!!!!!
Love it .
It is making a world of difference in my family. They are really loving it.
I have had my phone for about 3-4 weeks. I am still getting to know it, and all I've ever known before was an iPhone. I am finding that reading the manual gives me more information on how to best utilize all the phone's features. I like the size, although, I am still fumbling when trying to hold it. I'm hoping I get more used to the size, but I cannot get used to the bad placement of the on/off button. It is directly across the phone from the up/down volume buttons, which are all at the top 1/3 of the phone! Not a good place. I am always turning the phone on/off, and adjusting my volume. Speaking of volume adjustment, I don't know if having 4 different volume adjustments is nice, or adding to my stress level. Not only can I increase the volume of the ringer, but also "media," "notifications," and "system," whatever all that means. I am still reading the manual. The main reason I got the phone was because of the amount of memory I could add to it, and the fact that I could add another battery, so I wouldn't have to buy a whole new phone when the battery wore out. I use this phablet for my business, which takes me out into the field to take pictures, and record notes. I need quick access to the internet while out on the road. Things I miss from my iPhone are the task list and the ability to place apps into folders to clean up the look on the screen. Perhaps I'm not at that part of the manual yet. I made the switch from apple to android because my computer is a PC, not a Mac. iTunes never worked right on a PC, and I was tired of worrying about phone back-up systems, and not being able to transfer music and picture files easily from my computer to my phone, and vice-versa. So far, that has been a breeze on my new android. Now, if someone would just make a bluetooth headset which would fit my ear/face/head, and that played audio files, I would be a happy worker bee! My phone's included earphones had a short in the wiring, and this Amazon Seller has yet to respond to my request to return and exchange them.
Had no problem activating it with boost mobile. Beautiful graphics and less than retail. I love the freedom of it being unlocked.
Veeeeeeery goooood!!!!
Excelente
Love it.
I bought it for my husband and he loooves it :D !!! Worth every penny
Love my phone, wish I got it sooner
My phone came so fast in perfect condition. I love my new pink Note 4! ❤
5 stars product.
Great phone a little pricey but worth it
Worth the wait and money. I absolutely love this phone. It was really beyond my expectations.
Excellent product. Works as advertised. This is the best smartphone around today! Recommended for any serious Android user. Get one for yourself.
This is good phone.I so like it. It arrived on time.I want to buy it again.
Exactly what I was expecting
Everything you wanna do in a phone, you can do with this phone.
I love this phone but when I got it, the "fancy" charger that charges my Note 4 very fast, had a missing piece. I have since contacted Amazon and I am in the process of resolving this issue. Other than that, I would have given it 5☆s...
This phone takes multitasking to a whole different level; that is why now is a very important part of my job and every day things to do tool.The screen display is nothing like I have ever seen before.Beautiful to the eye with that leather feeling in the back.
i got me phone and i love it....it was everything i could have wanted and more, and it pink its so cute. I live in Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean and it work fine with our sim there.
gg m8 i giv it a 9/11
Just my phone yesterday and it awesome! It fits perfectly in your hands, as long as you have big hands. Camera is awesome. Games are bigger and they look better. Overall just a great phone would recommend.
I received the phone in proper packaging, it is working fine, thank 5. Only concern I had, regards the charger. The charger needed an additional piece in order (I think international adapter ) to work. Other than that everything Iseems fine.
no regrets so far.
fast shipping. good to use
great phone
excellent item
Phone looks great except battery drains very quickly for new battery. I liked that it comes with a adapter for the us outlets. Great phone so far. This is not a 4G LTE phone, if you're looking for a 4G this is not the phone. I've made a mistake of purchasing this for the 4G and have to pay 20% restocking fee.
None
Love it
This is a good phone.
It works great and I love my new phone after upgrading from a note 2 because it had too many restrictions from At&t ......I am in the Caribbean and had no problems with upgrades or sum cards
I love my phone!
awesome product and fast s&h!not only the seller is great but getting prime is highly recommended.
Amazing Product! Highly recommended! Excellent!
Good quality item, fits perfectly, no fingerprints but it feels slippery, not that easy to grip with one hand.
Excellent. Replaces my tablet, gives me the ability to manage my work on the go. In terms of using it as phone, it's a bit too big, but I use my Bluetooth earpiece and it works perfectly well
Love this phone, it's way more than I expected
I like it.
Good
Beautiful brand new unit.No edge gap as reported by some reviews. Model Number is the SM-N910H which is the International version Exynos Processor.
I am more than satisfied with Samsungs products, Note 4 was gift to my son, he is more than happy to have Samsung Note 4.Excellent quality !!!
The was exactely the way i wanted it to beit was arrived on time.The only thing that l were surprised of the way that the UPS had delivrered the phone.lt was left on a little table up front to the acces of everyone without making sure someone from my apptmt had received or signed for it.
Love it!I've had the Note 3 for a year before I bought the Note 4, and all the small irritating things I experienced with the Note 3 has been fixed.The S pen is just getting better and better, as well as the multi window function.The downside is the battery. It's really going fast. Way faster than on the Note 3. But on the other side, the power saving feature works perfectly.If you are an "Android using person" I would definitely recommend this product. A big step up from the previous Note models.
Simplemente exelente
This man is lazy, didn't write anything!
excellent
it is a very good phone system and the product is one of the top ten worldwide
Very good phone love it.
great phone, depends on seller, mines was pefect
Love this phone, I already had a carrier branded Note 4, but I love pink, and carriers don't have pink.I went into this knowing it does not do 4G, and honestly I don't notice any difference.I did a speed test with it, and with my carrier branded Note 4, and they both performed the same.Which makes me wonder, is the carrier 4G, really 4G?Anyway, this is plenty fast enough for me, works well on AT&T, I notice no difference what so ever between this and the carrier branded one.And the best part, it's pink!
This phone perfect. I love this phone. I am not bound to bloatware and network plans. I am abke to continue my unlimited data. I use this phone for business and fun. Just a minir issue. There are some yellow (warm) and blue (cool) patches on the screen. I am very picky with detail and noticed this issue. Other than that, phone is great.
it is very nice love it
bueno
Hi first off I don't review very often but this ill make a exception breed the seller is amazing fast reliable and answered all of my questions ..... they tell you everything up front before you buy I love the color pink on the phone as well I live my new phone thank-you so much
amazing experience fast shipping will recommend to other people
Love the Samsung Note 4. Goes anywhere.
This phone offers me great experience so far.
Excellent. Great description. Recomend!
Ok the phone is awesome beyond doubt.But i found some issues with the complete package that came to me. The charger which came with the phone was not a phone charger, but some other 3 pin charger which is useless. So i will have buy a new charger for this phone. That's why I was kinda disappointed. The phone came right on time without even a single day delay which was impressive but the charger was disappointing. Overall I was impressed with the deal. If there was no charger issue, then i would have given full marks but since it was not, i will deduct some points.
Having had a Galaxy Note, a Note 2, and now this beautiful Note 4, I am in a position to say how fabulous this phone is. It is slimline, though well built. It is fast, with sharp images. The change to the writing recognition is great. The pressure sensitivity, and the interface for the S-pen writing is a great improvement. I like have used the S-voice ability on my last phone, and still use it on this one. You double tap the home button, and speak to the phone... ask it questions, get the weather, set alarms, timers, get conversions for things. Pretty nifty. Multi-tasking is a breeze with the Note 4. I use my Note more than I use my laptop. Who needs a bulky tablet with an incredible clear, sharp screened phone like this.
Well, not much to say about Samsung product in General. I have been using Samsung product for a long time and I like it. The initial price for unlocked phone is too expensive, but if you stay for about two months and price always drops at least by $200.00. However, it cost less compared to unlocked iPhone.
Supper !!!!!!!!!!!!
It's not completely unlocked, there still has the logo of the supplier company of origin, I think it is one of Korea.The keypad of the phone application have Korean characters and can not be removed and put it in standard.some service codes messages are not supported in my country. Eventhough that I think the phone is good and don't think its an imitation but, could be a generic software, I'm not sure about that!!!
Just what they said, is exactly what it is. Works GREAT..............
Excellent
excelente producto
Very good!
The best of the best
This galaxy note 4 is the ideal phone for business men and women. You can do a lot of things with it on the go: jot down quick notes, review notes, edit, etc., at a moments notice. You also have the option of drawing whatever you want,among other things.Great on amazon.com
Good sellerAlthough the middle a little episode finally got satisfactionGoods and services are greatMy old friend
If I woukd have stuck with Android this would have been my go to phone, but I went with the 6 Plus. Not because Apple is cooler or makes a better phone, but because of content. Better apps across the board. I create music and Apple has a much more music apps for iOS than android. If it weren't for that, I'd be with the Note 4.
Make my job easy to handle. The Samsung galaxy note 4 is great!!!
A bit big but I love it
So far so good
very good
Excelent product andar fast delivery!
So far this is the best phone I've ever had. Partly due to ever-improving technology and partly due to it just being a good phone. I love the huge bright screen. I remember considering the Note a couple of years ago and thinking it was too big. But now I'm more accustomed to big phones and love the huge screen size.I bought the ZeroLemon extended battery to go with it. Sure, it's a big heavy brick now. But it still fits in my pocket and now I get 3 days of solid battery life out of it with heavy use. Worth it!
Good
Love this phone. I'm a big fan of the galaxy note, I've owned all of them from 1 to 3 and now 4.not disappointed at all. Phone works perfect.
So far so good. But sometimes the touch screen is too sensitive.
Yes, it met all of my expectations and than some. I love the color,quality and the fact that it fits in the palm of my hand. Mini computer.
Wonderful experience buying this.
Great phone, great service, great price
I feel good with my galaxy note 4 and i can use it every where who have gsm company
Samsung galaxy note 4❤❤❤❤I love this phone so far. I brought it unlocked and it works well with metro pcs. My phone came right on time on perfect shape. Love it. Thank you.
I love it so much.
Excellent phone mi girl loved it thinking about buying one for myself 😊
As a buyer of this phone, I am satisfied. Also I VERY MUCH appreciated the SPEED with which it came. AND NOT DAMAGED. I was SO Greatful for that. My girlfriend loved the surprise of this phone for her. It made a great gift for her and she loves it. This has encouraged me to have reliability in this company. Great stuff
I like it! TouchWiz still gives the device the usual quirks that Samsung phones have, but I forgive it for the device itself. I love the pen--it makes it so much easier when I need to jot down quick notes or maintain my grocery lists. The only issue I have had is that a few times, the phone has locked up with the screen turned off; neither tapping the home button or pushing the power button could get the phone to react. This has only happened three times, but each time I had to take out the battery and put it back in to get the phone to respond. It hasn't happened for a while though. Besides that, the phone is great--it is big since it's a phablet, but I'm finding that I enjoy this size more than the Galaxy S4 that I owned before. Also, the pink is a very nice shade of pink. Usually I hate pink, but this one was so pretty I couldn't resist. :)
I love my note 4! Can't even tell it was used
Great phone so far. Runs incredibly smooth, no issues with apps, massive selection of customization settings, and looks good. The stylus is amazing as well and feels natural when writing. Being an Interior Designer, I got this phoneto take photos and write on them for instant communication to contractors off site. I can easily photograph something mark it up and send it off to whoever needs to see it.While the biometrics on this phone make me leery they are extensive and work very well. I recommend this phone to anyone who needs a lot of options for work and personal life as well as a work horse phone.
Really great phone
the best phone in the merket , is amazing
No comment
Love it. I upgraded from note 2. The 4 holds better battery charge. Nicer pictures. I love it ☺
I love it. Thanks a lot
This phone is Amazing and it's pink! it was adequately packaged and shipped and the features on this device as well as the HD footage it offers, phenomenal. I don't think I can part with this phone ever!
Wow I've arrived! This is my first ever smart phone. I'm 54. I was hesitant with technology but this device especially for social media and getting info, and taking pictures or videos super great. It's so much fun. Real intuitive.
To me is working perfectly, Im glad with my phone, I personal think that galaxy note 4 is the best phone on this days
Amazing phone.
I received my phone yesterday it works well with metro pcs. No issues at all. This won me over an iphone anyday because number 1 im not an iphone person. Overall I love it!!
Excelente
Great Job
Excellent
Very good product!!
I love it and I got it the next day as ordered ty much xoxo
This is Great, ButFirst, this a QUANTUM leap for me in TECH having now given up on my Antique cellphone -also a Samsung. It does FAR more than I currently have command. It is an exceptional device, and it does take a bit of getting used to pecking with the S Pen. As you see it can be done! Really the Pen is a rather nice element, especially for selecting and copying.The overall size and feel are very good,but size can be a two-edge "sword". It is a very large screen, great for viewing but not for placing in any pocket.The Seller delivered this phone extremely quick, even sooner then expected -yeah.Of course what''s a new phablet without fun & games. The preloaded Apps arequite useful. I did get an added 64Gb card, which at this time seems overkill but who knows.PRO: All the above and more uses to come.CON: The recharging adapter is some two-pieces bulky monstrosity from some hacked Radio Shack spare parts bin REALLY! The first part no doubt easily connects with some Flintstone style outlet, then the easily self-disassembling US "adapter" adapter is placed in front of it. WELL, It does charge the phone, but leaves behind through uninsulated prongs exposing live contacts - SHOCKINGLY Genius. The odd thing is that I had bought my wife the exact same model but from a different supplier. Her Note4 has the typical ONE-PIECE International capable charger that in fact does work overseas. THIS is why I can'tell give this a 5Star rating.Perhaps Samsung or the reseller could forward me the more typical, less hazardous adapter. Just a thought.
COOL
Love my phone.good and new.
Best phone ever....great in every respect....I love it....
The best in the market
Phone is great, love it's video quality, really a good buy :)
Excellent
Love the Galaxy note 4. Remember, the seller states that this is not LTE. I really don't care much about it because no matter what they say, no cell phone carrier will give you LTE every time, all the time. Besides, this review as about the phone and the Galaxy note 4, delivers.
I bought it as a gift for my wife but have to return it because it wasn't compatible with the AT&T network. It doesn't change the fact that it's a excellent phone.
Exelent movil working in venezuela
exactly what I wanted. Size, quality, user friendly etc...
Works well so far.
My only gripe is that I got it for $760 on Black Friday but the phone is awesome. It looks gorgeous. Best looking Samsung phone hands down. It's fast and the battery life is great. By the way, this is the 64 Bit Exynos 5433 version. Great for multitasking and everyday phone use but the Snapdragon variant, because of it's Adreno GPU, is better for gaming. Also, this version does not have LTE but it is fully unlocked and ready to work on any GSM carrier across the globe. User experience is great but Touchwhiz is still annoying from time to time. All in all, very satisfied with my purchase and not disappointed by anything except that it's not IP67 certified (not dust nor water resistant.).
really good
Product is legit. Fully unlocked. No problems encountered yet. Just hoping it stays that way
Scary phone.. and in a good way!
Just perfect!
At first I was a little hesitant to write my review because it was going all bad. I received my phone very quick and product was as described, new and in the box. However, I had the hardest time getting the phone activated. I had to switch carriers because my old carrier Boost Mobile states they don't do unlocked phones without their logo as did Verizon. I ended up going with AT&T and I am pretty geeked about it. My service has been wonderful and I'm just in love with my phone. Everyone is asking about where did I get it and did I pay more than the retail or am I still paying on it...nope its mine! Although pink is normally not my color I have grown to love this baby. For the future in case I missed it it should specify carriers that the phone will and will not work with if others are having the same issues. AT&T and T Mobile will activate the phone.
I didn't think I would upgrade from my Note 2 but something grabbed my attention in a demo. I am so glad that I did.I adore this iteration of the Galaxy Note and am so glad that I upgraded.
Nice one I like it.
Edited 4/2/15. Awesome phone. Upgraded from HTC m8. I got the n910h to work with straight talk, no problem. Came with kit Kat 4.4.4. I just downloaded lollipop 5.0.1 yesterday. Touch seems more responsive. Menus look better in my opinion. It's not having the same problems as the note 3 with lagging.
excellent
Really happy with this, I was worried because I have Cricket and I couldn't find this phone anywhere but here, and they were able to hook up service right away. This is the first time I have bought a nice phone and the guilt is gone because it's a great phone!
I really love this phone. Nice and heavy solid feeling in the hand. This does not support 4g but I am always in an area that has Wi-Fi so I figured I could save money and just go with this model. No freezes or any hiccups with this phone yet, I've had it for about three weeks. The screen looks phenomenal and is pretty scratch resistant.
excelent
LOVE MY NEW FON FOR THOSE WHO LIVE IN BELIZE THIS IS THE FON TO BUY IS UNLOCK AND IS AWSOME!!!
fabulous, completely filled my expectations. The only detail is that it brings me long lolipop5.0 and updating it
Very good mobile
For international use my husband loves it
I've had a Note 3 for over a year and liked its features. The Note 4 is all that one had and more. I'm very pleased with the service received and the quality of the phone. We use these phones as we travel extensively in SE Asia, and they perform very well using SIM cards from Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand.
I was expecting this phone to be better than my s5 but i was wrong, i'ts a good phone, works ok, camera is excellent but still gonna get a s6 or s6 edge.
Muy bueno
Great phone arrived fast
Nice product, would buy from this vendor again.
Good
GREAT phone.
It's amazing phone. I love It so much!!!
My Note 4 arrived much earlier than expected, which was awesome. Arrived in good condition and almost everything is working fine. The only thing that I have a problem with is the battery. I was promised about 20 hours of battery life but the most I can get is 5 (and that's generous). Otherwise I love this phone.
International Model - Its heaven.. loosing sleep because of this gem in my hand..:-) Awesome performance.. Good battery life..Gets heated up while charging.. But soon gets fine..!!!! awesome..:-)
The only issue was adjusting to the size of the phone, but that did not take long. This phone is simply amazing when it comes to power and the beautiful display, to the clarity of the camera allowing me to take good pictures without the use of flash in low light where others will have to use flash. The S-Pen works fantastic, this phone was a good investment.
It was a gift for my man. He loves it.
My dad had a Note 2 that he loved but his butter fingers let it slip somewhere and he lost it.So, we got him this newer note phone since once you go smartphone you don't come back, and he LOVES it.I really like this phone for my dad because he is a journalist and a very "anti-tech" one, lol. You can make the font really big and he can take notes with the pen, it also takes great quality pictures and has many features that I know he loves. Even the health apps are good since he monitors his stats.Overall, this is a very user friendly phone and if my dad can use it and even take advantage of it, then everyone can
I love this phone! Had it a little over a month! Works great and so pretty!!
AWESOME phone
Great phone, had to switch to AT&T bc it wasnt compatible with verizon and it didnt say so in the description at the time. Speaking about the phone itself, its an amazing phone. It takes a little bit to get used to the size but once you do you wont go small again. The camera is wonderful and takes great pictures(i mean GREAT pictures). the adaptive charger is a game changer, I've never charged a phone so fast! Everything runs smooth and fast. I watch 4k videos from my gopro H4 on it and it doesnt skip like on my other divices. I travel a lot and it has been really good everywhere ive gone Panama, mexico, korea(duh), japan, singapore...you get the idea it was cool to just get a local sim card and use my phone as usual.
Great!! just great!
It's not totally unnlocked. But I should have read closer. I had to send back because i'm on Sprint.
Have to take some time and explore all the features. But, I absolutely love this phone. I do quite a bit of writing while on the go, and I find the Note 4 very user friendly. Love the write and transcribe to text feature.
Had it for over a year now. Still love it, still going strong! Everything works as it should. I don't think I'll be getting a new phone for another year.
This is not 4g or lte compatible. Have issues with t-mobile service in cretain areas but that may not be the phone but more the service provider, t-mobiletc.
Great product
This phone was amazingly built totally worth the price and the way it was shipped and packaged there is no second guessing if the phone is new I would recommend this product too everyone
It was just as described, works perfectly. Totally loved the buy. Was like new..
Best phone I've ever had, still use it to this day without any issues so far!! Definitely recommend to those who want a phone with pen capabilities and overall awesomeness of Android! Have not even considered moving up to the Note 5 yet, 4 is perfect, and pink! 😁
Worth every pennies ... recommend to buy it
Nice
Excellent product
I love it. On T mobile for now
Excellent cel! very fast and cool
great phone, good price
Everything is excellent. Delivery : packaging, also the device works fine at present. Have zero complaints.
very happy
This phone met my expectations and I'm enjoying it
excellent
It's a Great Phablet! I had a Samsung note II, but this is much better. Really I like so much. :) This phone is operating in Venezuela well
Too cute. Pretty vintage pink I bought a clear cover for it and love it. Lots of new stuff to learn on the phone. The camera is brilliant and has a beauty thing which makes your skin look fabulous!
This is the best cell phone I've ever owned. I'm surprised by the amount of features. Every day I'm finding more very nice features. This is not a phone it's a computer.
As promised and expected
Fast and beautiful
For all of you that may have received the version that says Olleh O on the back case, do not worry. The phone was made in a total of 3 different locations; 2 being in different parts of China and one being in the US. The one that says Olleh O is a well known phone distribution company in Asia. The only thing that differs between the three phones are 2 things; 1 being that the main "purchase" store on the Olleh O versions have google Play store as well as Olleh O app where you can buy additional apps and things that aren't available on google play or Samsung store.Now as far as the phone goes, the Quad HD processor for the camera is AMAZING! If you want pristine, crystal sharp quality pics that were originally taken by the more expensive cameras, BUY THIS PHONE. The screen resolution is by far 1 of 2 best screens available on the phone industry. The other phone is the newest HTC version.
I was expecting an SM-N910U as other reviewer said, but i received an SM-N910H which is incompatible with my 4G LTE network operator which is Band 4 (AWS) 1700MHz.i would like to know if there is a way to make it work with Band 4. some kind of secret code?...since i cannot get past HSPA+Overall im very happy with it since i use most of the time with WiFi.it would be good if the seller update the title of the product description saying its a Galaxy note 4 SM-N910H
amazing
Received my phone today, it looks great. Thanks.
Awesome product, bar none.
If you want a review of the "phone" itself... Google or read the other reviews here :) There are an abundance of hardware reviews and comparisons. There seem to be 2 types of people here on Amazon... those who think reviews should be of the product and those who think they should be of the ordering experience from the specified vendor. The way I see it, you wouldn't be ordering from Amazon if you didn't already know what you wanted therefor my review will be of the experience.As for this order from NGP (specifically) the experience has been awesome! Communicated with NGP multiple times with very quick responses and friendly service. I received the black SM-N910U (Hong Kong) Exynos Octacore model with everything I would expect from a quality Amazon order experience. The device itself was perfect, packaged very well, brand new (in case people were worried about being ripped off).This is my first "international" model so there were a few things I didn't expect...While packaged extremely well, the retail box was previously opened and the contents inspected at US customs (or perhaps by FedEx themselves, not really sure). The phone itself had even been turned on with the initial setup process already gone through so I had to perform a factory reset. FYI this is much easier to do from the recovery partition of the phone (Google if you don't know what that is) than from the UI because everything was in Chinese. I completely forgot about AC adapters being different so the stock adapter is an EU 220. However, NGP is kind enough to include a US 120 adapter that fits onto the stock 220. I'll definitely be ordering a standard US 120 adapter directly from Samsung when they become available. You can use any USB charging adapter you want but you won't be able to take advantage of "Adaptive Fast Charging" without a STOCK power adapter for the Note 4: called an Adaptive Charger.So... 5 stars for an excellent device, excellent vendor, and an excellent experience!UPDATE: It was not inspected (opened) by customs. It was, in fact, opened by NGP to perform an on/off test. Apparently they do this to reduce the number of returns. So... if that bothers you, you might want to look elsewhere for this device. Otherwise, they still get 5 stars from me.REMEMBER: This is the SM-N910U Exynos model. You'll get octacore but you'll use AT&T 4G/LTE.
Not only did the phone come in quick time, the product was exactly as advertised.
I love the Samsung Galaxy Note. I hope that this one do not die on may hand as it happened with Note 2.
This one great device. Well built and functional. It's design. This phone has great features and as a phablet it very functional. It was bought as a gift for an engineer and so far i get nothing but good price on it s functionality. Ease of use especially since it comes with a stylus pen. The person say they also get complemented on the phone all the time. They work out on the field a lot so I also got them a rugged case to help protect the phone and might I say they love it even more now
i love this product
So far so good, this one is great for me, I need a few office tools and this one handles them just perfect
It's been 2 days since I have received this phone and I am pleased with it. The phone arrived on time with the accessories on time as expected. The phone came on with ease and works well.
Good smartphone
Great product best phone on the market still even after the note 5
I am still learning this phone. I like it thus far.
First things first I want to mention that I bought my phone USED from the seller zeetron. It got here two days before the earliest they said it would be here and is practically in new condition. They said very good condition but I have yet to find a scratch or ding. I HAVE found that I believe the screen has some minor screen burn. When I open to a blank white page, I notice a small difference between the top of the page color and the bottom, and the burn imprint somewhat resembles the keyboard. Now while I wish this was mentioned when I bought it, it really isn't a big issue. I am happy with my purchase and with zeetron. I have AT&T prepaid as my service and this phone works perfectly fine. Min just happens to be an unlocked AT&T model so that might help. I've only had a few problems but with how poor my "go phones" wereally before these problems are very minor to me. It has locked up on about 3 occasions (2 of which were on facebook). The screen is bright and clear. The camera, both front and back are amazing (again, after using a go phone), volume and speakers are great. It's a bit hard to use with just one hand but you can expect as much. I love using the S pen to make grocery lists and doodle. All and all its a great phone that I would recommend to anyone looking for something modern and slick. Included is a picture of a pattern blanket and my hand to show what the camera is like since I was wanting to see how well the camera took pictures when I was buying.
Its simply wonderful. But their CLAIM of Factory unlocked is not true! I had to unlock carrier through local Mobile Agent. Anyone can do it but will cost you additional 50 (Fifty) Dollar! Expect SAMSUNG to clarify that. So far mobile experience is just superb. Would recommend you to buy....)
Love this....works great still having fun learning with it...
S Pen came broke. I need it replace as soon as possible. I also need the USB cable to charge the phone because it came without it. I am not happy at all with what I got.
Love, Love Love my new phone. The camera is wonderful too. My previous phone was the Samsung Galaxy 3 while my husband has had the Galaxy Note 3 for years. We love this new phone the most. We also recommend getting your own phone and not be locked into any cellular phone company contracts. Additionally, these phones are not custom programmed with a phone companies software. You own it, you are in charge of it, including updates. It is a win win deal!
Very Good
I love this phone. It was worth every penny!
excelent
Great and rugged phone. Very stylish too. Does 4k video and the photo quality is to die for. Great phone.
Great phone!!! In-time delivery
This is the best phone I have own. Great cammera and video. I love the IR remote control. The international version works in México with no problem. I would recommend to buy adittional batteries since it last short time if you are a heavy user.
Excellent
I bought this for my sister in law to take back to Mexico and she said that she dint had any problems connecting the phone for service she was very happy thanks will order again for sure
I was worried about what would come but the phone works great. There is a slight imperfection on the back panel but it's barely noticeable.
Great phone at a fair price. Customer service is top notch!
outdated but works great. also, it drains a lot of battery. i never got around to figuring out why but I always carry a charger around so it didn't bother me.
Wow!!! I am just amazed! This phone is perfect and the seller and service is amazing!!! Thank you so much. Such a beautiful phone! Doesnt even look used! It's in perfect condition. I bought it for my grandma but I feel like keeping it for myself!lol. Super fast shipping came sooner then expected. I will definatly recommend this seller. You will not regret it :)
This by far, is one of the best ease-of-use cells phones I've owned. It has way many more features than I need in a phone. The only issue is the battery not having that same mogo power as when new. I'm one year in use and planning for a second, till the insurance is up.
as expected
Love my note 4.
Excellent. Replaces my tablet, gives me the ability to manage my work on the go. In terms of using it as phone, it's a bit too big, but I use my Bluetooth earpiece and it works perfectly well
Love this phone, it's way more than I expected
I like it.
Good
Love it!I've had the Note 3 for a year before I bought the Note 4, and all the small irritating things I experienced with the Note 3 has been fixed.The S pen is just getting better and better, as well as the multi window function.The downside is the battery. It's really going fast. Way faster than on the Note 3. But on the other side, the power saving feature works perfectly.If you are an "Android using person" I would definitely recommend this product. A big step up from the previous Note models.
I had a few issues setting up this phone but the seller responded to my messages quickly to help. I absolutely love my phone!
Awesome! Hits a home run on every count. I would not give it up for the 5, I love the battery and extra card. They are stupid, nuts and crazy to take those away. Something is wrong with Samsung...they don't really get it. But this 4 ... it must have been an accident, it is awesome. I bought the Gear S watch to go with it. That is a total crap product, after years with Apple I was amazed at the Note 4 and bought the watch on that brand view..the watch is total garbage. Reality hits hard!
An amazingly bright and powerful phone capable of handling whatever you throw at it. Games like Goat Simulator play smooth as butter and never have I had it slow for even a moment. Glad I picked this phone over the Note 5, which lacks a removable battery and expandable storage.
So far its the best phone I've had in a while I'm in love hubby bout to get his too
Excellent phone at an excellent price. I use the prepain unlimited AT&T service through Straight Talk. SD card only cost me $0.99 (yes, that was 99 cents) and service $46. So pleased with the outstanding camera and cool stylus. Samsung did not disappoint me with this phone!
My phone came so fast in perfect condition. I love my new pink Note 4! ❤
5 stars product.
Great phone a little pricey but worth it
Worth the wait and money. I absolutely love this phone. It was really beyond my expectations.
This is good phone.I so like it. It arrived on time.I want to buy it again.
Exactly what I was expecting
Everything you wanna do in a phone, you can do with this phone.
I love this phone but when I got it, the "fancy" charger that charges my Note 4 very fast, had a missing piece. I have since contacted Amazon and I am in the process of resolving this issue. Other than that, I would have given it 5☆s...
Phone looks great except battery drains very quickly for new battery. I liked that it comes with a adapter for the us outlets. Great phone so far. This is not a 4G LTE phone, if you're looking for a 4G this is not the phone. I've made a mistake of purchasing this for the 4G and have to pay 20% restocking fee.
None
Love it
This is a good phone.
It works great and I love my new phone after upgrading from a note 2 because it had too many restrictions from At&t ......I am in the Caribbean and had no problems with upgrades or sum cards
I love my phone!
awesome product and fast s&h!not only the seller is great but getting prime is highly recommended.
Amazing Product! Highly recommended! Excellent!
Good quality item, fits perfectly, no fingerprints but it feels slippery, not that easy to grip with one hand.
I am very happy with this purchase. Received it quickly and the product is great.
Great price and product. Even though a manual was not part of the item sold, Seller offered to help find a manual.
Love the phone
Works as advertised, comes with everything. Great service. Delivery was on time.
I am in love with this phone. The process of switching my information was very easy and took about 5 minutes. The phone looks brand new and the charger is great! So glad I did this!
100% Happy with my purchase and it came with everything that was described
Amazing quality and stellar service
Still working great. A great phone in the condition as described.
the phone work great. however, i paid for two day shipping for the item to arrive on the 14th so i wouldn't have to be without a phone. the phone was delayed and did not arrive until friday, meaning it took 4 days to arrive and I was without a phone for two days. Also, the charger that came with it is by far the cheapest charger I have ever used. Would have been better if it would have come without one so I could have gotten my own. Its already broken after just using it for the weekend. Its connected but the phone still says connect your charger. Looks like this will be another day without a phone which is very frustrating. The product is no good if I don't have a working charger for it. I'll have to go buy a samsung charger today.
It works but the s pen don't work
I was above what I expected and the transferring my number was flawless.
Everything is good once I got it activate
Love it!!!
Product was as advertised. No complaints
Came as expected. Nice and easy instructions and got My number switched in no time. Would buy again from this company.
I am very happy with this purchase. Received it quickly and the product is great.
Great price and product. Even though a manual was not part of the item sold, Seller offered to help find a manual.
Love the phone
Works as advertised, comes with everything. Great service. Delivery was on time.
I am in love with this phone. The process of switching my information was very easy and took about 5 minutes. The phone looks brand new and the charger is great! So glad I did this!
100% Happy with my purchase and it came with everything that was described
I receive my Samsung note 5 and I'm very happy. I have nothing to complain about. Your service has been very good and I will keep shopping. Thank very much.Regards,ANTONIO
works perfectly fine. definitely 5 stars
Exelant cellolar
THE REAL SAMSUNG GALAXY AT THE BEST PRICE, I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYBODY! GREAT PHONE.
Beautiful. Smooth. Fast. Quality.
As described, an amazing phone. It is working very good in Brazil, 3g and 4g.
I Liked this product because it was expectativas by my
Great buy
This is an amazing phone but I can not fully back it because Samsung Pay is not officially supported by it. Also Samsung Pay needs to be more universally usable. Android Pay for example works with my debit card even though it is not officially supported. It also has software hiccups regardless of the app at times that should never happen on a phone this expensive. It resolves quickly on its on most times however. This is still one of the best phones money can buy. I also hate that rooting the device trips knox as well. This is rather ridiculous along with the fact that Samsung has not forced all apps to work in multi window mode considering there is an app that does if your device is rooted.
It can earlier than expected, was brand new still had all the factory wrappings on it, the phone is amazing,way more than I expected
I'm not as impressed as ishould be for a phone that was over $600. But it was for my 15 yr. Old. She seems to get along well with it
Item came as was described, fast shipping
It' s Just great.
Absolutely in love with this phone!!
An amazing phone, i get exactly what the seller says, im so happy with this purchase.
Great ty!!!
I love it, haven't had any problems with it and it works great with Straight talk!
Bought this for my Dad for his birthday. Not much different than the Note 3 except the picture and video quality is A++, especially in low light conditions.
Amazing phone, brand new, no problems
I love this phone, best Samsung Device so far. Sucks thats theres not storage slot, but performance is just great.
Great phone,even without the removable battery and expandable storage.I bought the 920i model for Europe - works all the bands form the main carriers (except 4G band 20 - but no longer used by my operator - so i didn't mind).The phone comes without any bloatware - so great.Watch out as the 920i while international is more or less targeted for Philippines,Malaysia,Indonesia,Vietnam etc - more or less that part of Asia.Because of this language support in the phone is regional to what is found there + English(UK/US).The Phone comes with a 3 pin plug(UK style) - so based on your country you might need an adapter for it.Everything else is as expected.
I receive my Samsung note 5 and I'm very happy. I have nothing to complain about. Your service has been very good and I will keep shopping. Thank very much.Regards,ANTONIO
Exelant cellolar
THE REAL SAMSUNG GALAXY AT THE BEST PRICE, I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYBODY! GREAT PHONE.
The phone does have some scratches, especially toward the top and bottom metallic parts, but that was mentioned in the item description. It's been performing well and pretty much like a new phone. Great deal for the price. Love it!
This review is for SikkSound,they are terrific,with outstanding refurbished Samsung Galaxy note5's!!!!!!
I am very pleased with this phone. It has almost replaced my tablet. Photos very impressive. Battery life quite good compared to my previous phone, the Galaxy 5. I think I will stay with the Galaxy note in future.
The great Samsung Quality as usual. However I wish the battery could be removed and there was a slot for a memory card.
This is simply a great phone. The materials used give it a solid good quality feel. The dual sim functionality is easy to use and adds to what is already good hardware and software. The camera is easy to use and produces a beautiful picture.
PERFECT! LOVE THE PHONE!
Excellent phone, I live in Dominican Republic and works very well with the two main operators Orange and Claro here.
I love my phone
Awesome phone. Best dual sim ever by Samsung. I was hesitate to order this phone here because its not launch all countries. Excellent delivery received within a week. Its all the way came from China. Default language is chineas. Dual sim works great. Using T-mobile and Indian vodafone. Now on vacation in India and no issues with phone. Battery is really good, i play clash of clan alot and works till 40 hours upto 20%. Charging speed is really good. So over all I am happy with this phone.
The charger didnt work, I suppose that it meant to work on China, and the language is on Chinese too, not so hard to change to english though, the cellphone excelent!
GREAT!!!
Lost a star cause the top of my stylus popped off... other than that i love this phone but without my stylus i feel slightly handicapped
Excelent!!!
I bought these as gifts and was told exactly what was wanted and the features. My family is happy.
wife couldn't like w/out it!,it doing great...
nice
Very good
Awesome phone, it exceed my expectations and is working fine, totally satisfied!
Best phone I've seen to date! great photos...
This product is very nice for the price but I really don,t know if this is a China version because when I open it first there were Chinese writings at the beginning and some of the things I try to access is in Chinese language. It have a lot of great features so I hope it work well like my older version
BEST !
This is a beautiful device. I had the Verizon branded Note 5 before trading it for a Note 7 (rip). The silver on this device isn't obnoxious. Both sim slots work with AT&T and T-mobile LTE bands in the US.This device takes beautiful photos. It actually works better than the US version sold by Verizon. Battery life is awesome. This device doesn't get hot when shooting video unlike other dual sim devices cough cough Sony. Xperia.The best dual sim device available right now and you truly get what you pay for.This device was shipped from Taiwan and I received it way sooner than expected.Device is brand new and the box wasn't opened. A+ seller will definitely buy again.
Great
I feel I still have a note 4. The only thing I gained is another slot for an extra sim
It was a gift....the recipient loves it.
Ok good
The phone arrived on time and exactly as described - original, authentic Samsung and new in the box without flaws.
Best version so far. I love it.
Very good product. Almost perfect. Its just lacking ONE LTE frequency...and of course the one I need for my carrier 😕...if you are using VODAFONE, be aware that the 800 mhz band is blocked. (Samsung loves to do stuff like that!)
Delivery was on time and excellent.
The product is great. However it easily flips from English to Korean? language when you are texting. This can be annoying. I think once the language of choice is selected it should be difficult for any other language to be accessed easily.
Lightweight, thin, slightly smaller case than the Note 4 but the screen is the exact same size.Samsung has packed a lot of features into this phone.It has two sim slots so I am able to have two phone numbers on one phone.I love the gold color.
Excellent service! I previously had a Galaxy Note 5 from T-Mobile but I had to return it because I use to travel a lot and I needed an unlocked phone. The Galaxy Note 5 in White Pearl unlocked is not available online (because of National Backorder) so I found this Dual Sim Card International Version and I love it! I can keep both of my sim cards inside the phone (1 from México & 1 from the states) so every time I change from one country no another I not longer have to take my sim card out in order to put the one that I need. I just go to settings, turn off one of the sim card 1 and turn on the sim card 2 and that's it. I also have noticed that the battery life in the international version is longer than the T-Mobile/AT&T version. The only thing I complain is that the phone doesn't came with the Samsung Pay app installed so I think I have to wait until Samsung release it to download it.
Loving my phone more each day. It is my very first smart phone and prior to it I never felt I needed one and now I would never want to be without it.
The great Samsung Quality as usual. However I wish the battery could be removed and there was a slot for a memory card.
This is simply a great phone. The materials used give it a solid good quality feel. The dual sim functionality is easy to use and adds to what is already good hardware and software. The camera is easy to use and produces a beautiful picture.
PERFECT! LOVE THE PHONE!
Excellent phone, I live in Dominican Republic and works very well with the two main operators Orange and Claro here.
Awesome phone. Best dual sim ever by Samsung. I was hesitate to order this phone here because its not launch all countries. Excellent delivery received within a week. Its all the way came from China. Default language is chineas. Dual sim works great. Using T-mobile and Indian vodafone. Now on vacation in India and no issues with phone. Battery is really good, i play clash of clan alot and works till 40 hours upto 20%. Charging speed is really good. So over all I am happy with this phone.
The charger didnt work, I suppose that it meant to work on China, and the language is on Chinese too, not so hard to change to english though, the cellphone excelent!
The note 5 is a great device the item was delivered and works​ flawlessly on ATT, receiving LTE coverage.
I split my world between north America and Australia, so I wanted a device that would work in both countries. I purchased the unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note 5 to replace my original Note device (it held up well for 5 years). This device is called an"international device" but you need to look at the specific countries in the international listing to make sure it works where you want it to. You need the specific device details, and can type "will my phone work" into your web browser to find sites that will help you determine if it will work.The Note 5 arrived quickly and in good shape. It did have fingerprints on it, which made me a little nervous, but when turned on showed no signs of being a previously used device. This device comes with an Australian adapter, which is exactly what I wanted, for travel in Australia. You wil have to purchase your own US adapter, or use an adapter from a previous compatible phone if you are purchasing to use in the US. I already had my adapters from my original Note, those adapters work seamlessly with the Note 5. Some of the pre-loaded apps will also differ from the US locked version, so you will have to take some time to download them from the Play Store. So far all desired apps have been easy to find and to load.This is the gold version of the phone. I don't care so much about color because it is covered by the case. This screen of this phone seems to get dirty fast, so I will probably apply a protective shield because I can't stand the buildup. Like others, I miss having the ability to switch out additional storage cards, but as the world seems to be moving toward the cloud in all digital matters, I think my opinion here may change over time, too. I have had NO problems with the stylus. My case must protect it enough that it doesn't accidentally get bumped out.Battery life is insane. I go 3-4 days before recharging and have yet to find myself at a critical low battery level. I love the encryption option, and yes, I turned mine on. The phone itself is very lightweight, but I have not had any problems losing grip or slipping. Overall, I am incredibly pleased with the purchase and grateful for a product that will keep me loyal to the Galaxy Note line.
As Expected Great Product.
I love this phone
I absolutely love this phone....I bought it a month ago and it works well, picture quality it amazing.
Yes
Great phone! I love it!!
Great phone. All that I expected and then some. Satisfied with my purchase especially from this seller. Phone came sooner than expected and just overall excellent service
Very good product
Excellent
Fast shipping and excellent device.
Very satisfied
Not only is this phone beautifully designed, it is so satisfying. The big screen just imersifies you and gives you a great experience. The new Touchwiz is also fantastic. It is fast, smooth, and essentially lag free. The 4 GB of RAM help with. This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. I previously had a Galaxy S6 Edge and I ditched it for the Note 5. Best decision of my life. I recommend this to all who love to carry a stylish phone, watch movies and play games, and get work done on their phones.
This international version works beautifully on the T-Mobile network. It is loaded with all of the latest bells and whistles.
Perfect
Excellent
It's great!
It's a good phone
Love it!
Thanks a million.....my wife is happy with this product!
My wife love it , best price I could find at the time
It came early and it is the best phone I have had but it did come with a European wall plug but after that everything was good
Great Phone. The camera is awesome. The quality is great. Love it!
I love my phone so much. It came so early
GSM unlocked, bought when in the US and brought over to Thailand for main usage. Everything is as listed on description- what was expected of Samsung Galaxy. I thought it was also great that it came with a UK adapter plug.
Seller is great phone drop wifi and have litle trouble with low wifi signal. Note3 was fine with it.
Can't go wrong. Go for it. It'll be the Best desicion you'll make. My mom loves It. It was her christmas/birthday present.
Got the phone in the mail 1 day early. Actually 1 day before the estimated delivery date. I am typing this review from the phone. I got the phone from FGS Trading seller because i wanted the SM-N920I version. The phone works as described. I am currently using it on AT&T. Really awesome phone to buy. Really Happy
Love this phone that's all I can say
Excellent cell Iam happy with my purchase i was worried but cell came new and not problem too conected with straigh talk i will do buisness again with this seller happy 100
More than wonderful > on timethanks a lot
Amazing phone. I loved it so much!
great buy
Bought phone for my dad excellent condition
Phone is super fast, arrive as committed, so far so good. I would recommend.
Love it like ur personal lil laptop
Works perfectly with my Mexican SIM card, performance is great for the use I give the phone: typical web and in-app browsing, casual gaming, average video and photos.The features that stick out in my opinion:- S-pen: After all this is what really makes this phone unique in the market and it's really helpful, not only for notes and doodling, but also for added precision and comfort when browsing and even in some games.- Instant camera: Double click the home button from any app and in less than one second you have the camera ready for a quick shot, never takes longer than that. This is something I always suffered with on all my other smartphones, constantly missing quick photo opportunities because of navigation and lag.- Wireless charging: Found a great Duracell wireless charger kit for $23 which included 2 power-banks and a wireless charger compatible with this phone. It's great to have it on my desk at work so I don't have to fiddle with the charger cable every time I get up or come back to my desk.- Galaxy deals and In-app bonuses like in-game currency, paid-DLC for free and free kindle books is a minor thing but a very welcome bonus which I didn't get on any other smartphone I owned.And for the things that some may consider downers:- 32GB of space is more than enough for the use I have so I am not missing the micro SD slot at all, I installed all the apps and games I need installed and then some more. I also went to a concert and recorded a lot of HD video and photos and never ran out of space.- Also an american wall plug adapter was included because the charger for this international version is for an european type power source. So no problem at all using the included charger. This kills the only difference I saw between the international and the american version, so it's all good.
I love it and would recommend it
perfect !
Very happy with it. The quality of the pictures is very good . I really love the pictures and all the applicationsame it has.
very nice.
I'm using it in the Dominican Republic. Works perfect. Is my super cellphone. I'm in love with the Note 5. I keep all my note and agenda handwritten like it was on paper.
The Samsung Galaxy note series takes the best pictures of all cell phones. Great.
It is a gift for my wife's birthday. My wife likes it. The only thing I don't like is there is no external SD card slot. Other than that I am happy with it's performance.
Just upgraded from a note 3 and this phone is so smooth!
I love this phone! It's the best phone I've ever had ... i have had no complaints thus far with this phone ...
This phone is Amazon came in perfect condition love love love it
I gave it to my son who really liked it
Perfect condition, works properly.
Everyting good.
Best ever
Good
This product is even better then it is advertised. and thew seller is outstanding.
Great buy
Awesome phone. There's no need for me to mention the specs, this is a top of the line phone; therefore the processor, camera, etc are all top tier. The battery usually lasts me about 1 day and a half with moderate to heavy usage. I use this phone at work (to take pictures, send emails, watch videos etc) and at home to surf the Web. Overall the phone delivers a wonder experience. The only downside is sometimes it's a little cumbersome in the pocket because of the size.
I am in love with this phone. It came brand new in its sealed box and was able to work in the bahamas right away. I got it in gold so it looks really rich. The camera quality is perfect!!!! Truly a great decision made by getting it.
Phone came in perfect condition!! Nothing wrong at all but it did heat up a bit when updating software....does come with international version of charger but seller does include the US version. Over all a great purchase and would recommend this to anyone.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY PHONE!!After I had accidentally dropped my Nokia Lumia 1020 in the lake and was devastated. I invested in buying the Note 5 after a lot of thought and comparision between different models of Samsung. Best money I have ever spent on a phone so far <3
bought it from my husband and he's enjoying the new phone. Will definitely buy another one if had the money :-)
Great phone I love it.
I love this phone. The camera is amazing😍😍😍😍. Am still getting used to it but so far i love it.
excellent service and product. GREAT!!!
It's awesome ... everything works fine
Is an amazing phone.
Amazing phone
Excelente product.
Exellent
Great
Came in mint condition loving this note 5 I had a iPhone 6 I think it's better personally, my iPhone works better for my vehicle.
I really love this phone,
exelente
Lovely phone. I just came from an iPhone so there was a learning curve at first, but now I get it. The camera quality is amazing. Much better than iPhone. CONS: I do have to say that in lowlight indoors, this phone takes some pretty s*** pictures. But that's to be expected, and I'm sure the iPhone wouldn't perform better. Also, this phone is huge. It's a pro and a con. I honestly wouldn't mind at all, but I'm a woman with fairly small hands and sometimes I have trouble holding it in one hand. I spent a while comparing this to the iPhone 6s plus and even though I'm an iPhone user I picked this and definitely made the right choice. The deciding factor for me was camera quality.
Bought it to take with me to europe (samsung did not release it here). Excellent device. Love notes. Had 1, 2 and now jumped to 5. Stylus is awesome.
Habe das Note 5 innerhalb von 2 Tagen nach Österreich geschickt gekommen !!!!!!!!!!!! Die Anleitung zur Umstellung auf Deutsch (or other Language) findet ihr hier -----> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txm7TEJkQ9cSensationelles Handy!!! :DThe instructions on how to switch to other language ---> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txm7TEJkQ9c
Amazing !!! this phone is amazing....THX 10 times
Good Phone.
I love my phone!
VERY GOOD
Alsome
I am very happy with my phone. The photos are real good
Good
I lòve my new phone!
Awesome works perfectly
One of the best in the market, Note 5 is another level.
i bought this mobile as a gift .it's reasonable price and on time delivery ! it's good when i received it on time .and i will update review after 2 months ^^ for the phone !
Awoseme thanks
Fast...and it has everything I want
perfect i am very happy
Amazingly saved my phone from breaking. Great buy
I am very happy with my celular.-
Awesome
I really love this phone.Excellent camera quality.Only thing is that it uses a mini Sim and not the micro ones so I'll need to get a new one but great overall! Also excellent customer service. It took a few days to arrive but good service.
I love it. It's awesome and big. Works to the perfection and it was delivered on time so glad I bought this phone. Familymobile
Love this phone but WARNING this phone does not take the standard micro sim card. It was a little misleading because I have a micro sim from AT&T which was advertised as an add on to the phone but this phone actually takes a nano card. Luckily I am able to buy just a universal sim kit for $10 directly at the store.
Great!!!
Very good!!!!
I love it
Our grandson loved his new phone for making great grades & an early birthday gift! Takes awesome pictures and he enjoys gaming on it.
So far no problem with my note 5. Lag-free with a very very good camera.
Great buy
Phone works perfectly and it arrived in no time, im fully satisfied with my choice of phone and seller.
I like the phone. I just thought it would be gold and not gold platinum
awesome
Amazing Device. It Does everything I Need it to do. Will be looking forward for the Note 6
I am a note user.. started with version 2 then 4 and when I dropped my 4 I had not much option as the 5 was out. I was hoping to wait for the 6 but oh well. Initially I thought I would hate the fact that there was no removeable battery but so far not an issue. The quick charge, plus the wireless charging makes it very simple and fast. I love the grip on this over the 4. The curved back makes it so much easier to hold and not as slippery.
It's wonderful. I have Metro PCS and it was a beautiful switch. No spot for an SD card. And you have to buy a SIM card which was $20. Also if you have Matrox PCS and are switching phones there will be a charge for that as well.
Great shipping quality!!!
Perfecto
I love this phone, mostly because I haven't had a phone for about 8 years.and this was an incredible leap but regardless of that, thus phones battery life is not bad at all, I watch a lot of shows and movies when on the road and I travel a lot, I could watch all star wars movies with the brightness at 100% and after have enough power to go through the day making calls and listening to music, browsing the Web. It was delivered on time and everything was perfect in the packaging, I'd say go for it If you're thinking of getting an awesome device and look the part too.
Excellent phone, unlocked and original!! BEWARE!!! IT Comes with a UK charger!!!!
The best
Great price, fast shipping, item as described. Will buy from again.
Love it
I was so excited to receive my phone because I wasn't expecting to receive it so soon. But it came a week early. Everything was package correctly and the phone is beautiful. (Gold) Also it came with the international charger and they shipped the travel adapter with it which was a plus. It also came with the stylus pen,headphone s, the pin to pull the Sim card out and something else that looks important. 5 stars because they did an excellent job sending and packing and its brand new.
The best phone ever made. The 4g seems big but you don't really get that much play. The camera and screen is clear and crisp. Get a good case, cause this phone will break at one drop.
Simply the fastest Android phone as of 2015. And the best camera on a smartphone. Beats the iPhone 6s camera but only by a little. The Best Phone Out Now Period!!!
A beautiful white phone complemented by equally amazing pen. Have installed all the apps I wanted and phone is still super fluid. No lag whatsoever.The phone itself sits on the palm firmly, thanks to its curved back.Battery life is insane. The work I do with my phone (check emails, Facebook, whatssap, calls), the battery goes down by 40 to 45% by end of day. My Galaxy S3 on the other hand would go down by 70 to 80%.Improvements:1. Expand the air command to include other functions.2. The switch on pen is of no or little use. It can be expanded to functionality like smart select or screen write by hovering over phone screen rather than touching.
I am a fan of samsung, specially of the note. Love the pen and the fact that you can actually takes notes even if the screen is blocked. I am an architect and doodle a lot. It is unlocked and works perfectly in the country that I live in.
I have nothing bad to say about my order. Phone looks and performs just like it would have if I had bought it from a carrier store. Best thing is it doesnt have all that extra crap the carriers have on theirs. Box was sealed, phone is flawless. all parts were inside. Worth every penny. I will never buy a carrier phone again.
Really good product. I just wasn't expecting that kind of charger.
Great product
Good phone. Everything works.
I purchased this phone for my father to take back home to Pakistan, he wanted dual sim model but after using this device for few days he was satisfied and ignored it not being dual sim. This cell phone is user friendly even for my father. Camera result is good, great pictures even in places with low lights. Pre-installed software run smoothly.
So far im loving this phone (legit phone hope it works in the philippines too). This is my 3rd day of using it, but how i wish it has sd card storge because ive noticed samsung updates apps automatically. Ive also noticed that the phone reboots on itself and crashes ocassionally like Iphones too. Pros: huge difference in the camera, camera features. I upgraded my phone from Iphone 5c into a Note 5 series. No regrets just hope this phone would last a long time like the previous notes my friend have had.I will update if something came up
Excelent...!!!
I love my unlocked note 5 . All good.
Disappointed (hence the 4 stars) by the fact that a Euro plug was sent since I think that an adapter from Euro to US should have been included. With that said, the phone so far works well but I cannot say much more as I have not begun to use it extensively. I especially like the use of the pen to take notes, a feature that I look forward to using a lot. Incidentally this phone is the replacement for my old trusted Nokia E7 which I still use.
Its is everything I expected
Excellent Phone. Better bettery, processor and features than note 4
Todo excelente, el producto cumplió con todo lo publicado
It doesn't have lte...works as expected but has blackout spots through the out metro areas..
Purchased for someone else, they have no complaints.
I'm so happy that with this phone and it was very easy to set up with cricket.
Perfect packaging,the device as described.
It's perfectly working iambic really happy having such device.
very good thank you
Excellent condition I am very satisfied. Not a single shkrecth.
The phone arrived on time. In absolutely perfect condition. I ordered the international version simply so I didn't have any of the carriers bloat ware on the phone. It did arrive stock. Awesome. Now the device itself. This has nothingvto do with the seller. This phones battery is average. The signal strength is below par. I'm guessing because of the all metal casing. Otherwise. Awesome.
The product arrived in great condition and on time. The Note 5 itself is as expected an amazing phablet.
My wife loves it, but the phone can not be programmed in Spanish
I love this phone and have had it for a few weeks and enjoying it each time I hold it in my hand. This is my very first smart phone and it has be hook, line and sinker. I've had a cell phone for years and only used it occasionally for a real need. That phone spent 99% of the time on the charger on my nightstand. My Galaxy Note 5 is in my hand 99% of the time. It is a true unlocked phone and I use it with Straight Talk, which was my main question when considering this phone. My experience with the seller has been wonderful as the phone arrived before expected.
Aite
love it still learning how to use it, no problems so far
incredible performance, camera, screen. Battery is normal, but the fast charging is incredible.
GREAT
Great phone, but the computing power seems lower than its specs. Maybe it is due to some optimization that needs to be done on the software (Android) side. The screen resolution is amazing, and I strongly recomend this phone to those seeking the comfort of a big screen, and the computing power of an octa-core.
I like it !
The phone was in excellent condition. It has been a great phone and everything works perfectly. Item as described plus fast shipping.
Good product.. But the charger in the box is not 'Fast Charger'!!
very good except that the emojis are not on the keyboard :-(
GREAT PHONE I LOVE IT IT WORK WELL WHEN YOU ROME ,IT WOULD TAKE A FEW MUNITS TO SWITCH OVER WHEN YOU ROME..R YOU CAN TAKE IT OFF AND PUT IT BACK ON .BUT IT IS A GREAT I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ON WHO IS LOOKING FOR A UNIQUE LOCK PHONE
good
great product
I'm happy to have it.
Nice phone. Makes running my business easier
great product and seller, I'll buy again
Awesome phone
Nice
...more than I expected !
Item was delivered on time, intact and working as expected. Phone was new and unlocked. I will recommend this product to any one who needs unlock Samsung Galaxy 5 note.
great product.
Superior.
This phone is amazing, fast,slick,brilliant.
This phone is so awesome. What a powerful phone, it does what it says, it's sleek and comfortable to hold in your hand, I love everything about it. I was an iPhone user before this phone, I am now an android fan for sure, and it's because of this phone. Samsung you done yourself proud.
very good product
I love almost everything about this phone.Fast, functional, lots of apps, and they WORK. Crisp screen, beautiful colors. A camera that can easily compete with most stand-alone digital cameras and beat the vast majority of the phone cameras out there. Excellent shutter speed (very important!). For me, it was the perfect time to switch. I hear that cameras were quite good on iPhones for a while, but I wouldn't touch an iPhone with my foot - stupid iTunes that will reorganize, rename and erase your files on its own, no direct connectivity with the computer... Forget it.I wouldn't have been happy with a lesser camera, I've had enough of blurry blotchiness - thank you very much! Samsung's cameras just recently gotten really good, from what I understand (I might be wrong here; I didn't spend a lot of time researching the issue of camera quality on older models).As an ex-Blackberry user, I do miss the full wired keyboard, but oh well, you can't have it all, I guess. Pros of this phone outweigh the cons by far. I tried the keyboard case/cover, and I think I could make it work. The problem of the keyboard is that it does not fully adhere around the edges, so the key strokes on the sides of it do not register well (or not at all). With a couple of brackets that would keep it perfectly flat against the screen, it could be perfected. I returned the keyboard for now. When I'm ready and have an easy, elegant snap-on solution in mind, I might purchase it again, just not in blue (too dark).Another con - the absense of a memory card slot, and non-removable battery. I hope that Samsung will bring these features back in the future models. We don't need another sealed-from-the-world i-effing-Phone. Who wants all this extra security can go to the apples. I am definitely in the let-us-do-what-we-want camp.All this said, the phone is 99% perfect. Maps, e-mail, camera, Skype, youtube, great calendars, you name it... I'm done dragging my laptop behind on trips, this phone has it all....It also appears that some sort of "wireless conflict" took place in our house when this phone came in and joined the wireless crowd. We have 2 laptops and they were both connected via wifi. We noticed that streaming video started "hickupping" a lot even at lower resolutions, and sometimes was totaly unwatchable (we don't have cable, and stream news, some youtube, movies). That shouldn't be happening with 25 megabit per second connection, divided by 2,5 (half being the phone), even taking into account the wireless losses. So I poked some holes in the walls, ran ethernet cables for the computers, and disabled their wifi. That seems to have cured the problem. Go figure. Now we have 2 happy internet-wired comps and one happy phone, the wifi monopolist.Highly recommend this gadjet. It is plain COOL.
I absolutely love it. I end had this phone linked up to both straight talks T-Mobile and AT&T arrive. Both worked! But T-Mobile service is always horrible so I highly recommend you get an AT&T Sim! Don't make the mistake of accidently buying a T-Mobile Sim. Make sure it says, AT&T and GSM unlocked phones. It's also a nano Sim, so do make sure you get the right size too. Overall I adore this phone, it's everything I wanted and more. There isn't a SD slot for the phone, but come on.. It's 32Gb. Just buy a 64Gb if you need that much space.
best big smartphone in 2015
Excellent product
The gold color is gorgeous. Even though Samsung Pay is not supported in this version, I'm still in love with this phone.
Get this s***,Very good yo.But SAMSUNG PAY is NOT COMPATIBLE because this is an international version.
Has a gd camera
Love it. Awesome gadget. Delivered as promised. Complete with software as genuine product. Works just great.
Superb mobile.. lovely piece.. performance is very good.. I am using in India.. slim and beautiful looks..4gb RAM is enough to run any application.. superb camera .. front and rear both.
Excelent phone!
Great Devices, as stated , took to Long to receive from NJ to Brooklyn though.
Honestly, this phone is amazing. I really don't even know how to make use of all the features it has, but once I learn they will sure come in handy. The feel is amazing, it's very slick and fits well on the hand. In my opinion, the curve on the back of the phone feels much better than having a flat back (like the S6 Edge). The grip is also awesome, the phone doesn't feel slippery at all. What I am most impressed with, is its battery life. I could probably last 3 days with moderate usage, or 2 of heavy usage.This phone is perfect for a professional, or someone who likes to edit pictures on their phone. The S Pen can really come in handy for both. Which, by the way, has improved vastly since the Note 3.Overall, this is the best phone I've ever tried out, and definitely won't be changing it anytime soon.
Good product I'm very glad I bought this phone!
Excelente. Nothing to said.
Great!
Fast delivery, even though the phone was international I thought I would be getting a U.S charger
Wow best smartphone for taking notes in classroom.
I love it.
I'm loving my new phone.. Just ordered it and it is working flawlessly and it was in great condition when I received it! Thanks guys
my phone got stollen and i cant get it back
I absolutely love this phone! I had the note and the note 2. I went with another phone and was high disappointed. Nothing but the best from here on out and the best is definitely the Samsung Galaxy Note 5!
Came fast and am so much in love with this phone
Great phone! Wall charger is no good. Not working. Had to buy new one.
We got some great phones. We have to reset them alot, but overall, very happy.
Excellent smartphone. I just wish Samsung hadn't discontinued so many features from Note 4, such as infra-red blaster (used to love IR remote control of my house gadgets), features non-removable battery (and which is slightly lower power than for Note 4), no microSD support -- but these deficiencies are more than compensated in many new features, my favourite being the Fingerprint reader where I simply place my finger on the reader, not swipe up or down as in Note 4, and native wireless charging (bought the Samsung Fast Charge Qi Wireless charger separately).
I love it only the battery doesn't last long even on a stand by mode
I had the s5 before and I have loved my phone. I changed because I dropped my phone and it broke. My spouse has the s7 edge and I can tell that this Note 5 is even better!Pros:1. 16 mgpx camera2. Bigger display than the s73. Thin and elegant4. Fast charging ( full charge in less than 1 1/2 hour)5. I love the penI absolutly adore this
Excellent product and service!!!!!
Good phone.
Excellent phone! 5/5
Hey jus to let u know the first three months of using this phone was great no problems at all but now the phone ain't charging, restart on its own and is running hot. At this stage and for a new phone it shouldn't be giving those problems at all. Phone never had a fall, went in water or nothing like that
Easy to use
Very nice phone I liked
Love the phone.
Great Phone love it way better than my iPhone 7.Update: 1 year later my screen turned pink while charging (with the original charger) screen longer works. And since this is an international phone Samsung won't cover the warranty in USA.
A1 products
it is first
My Galaxy Note 5 is a beauty. Everything I expected and more.
I love my phone I've only had it for about near a month but it's everything I wanted.
Good product. But before you purchase please note that this device does not support with Samsun Pay.
I am really pleased with my note! I haven't had a single moment that wasn't good.
i love this phone. it is perfactly make for my use. Samsung! keep up the products. make comparison to Iphone is what we, consumer looking for.
Couldn't live without came as described
Very good. Running good
100%
Perfect phone. Suits all of my needs. No regrets buying this model.
Love everything it works wonderfully couldn't be more happier
I love this phone even more than I love my Iphone 6S Plus. It's very mesmorising and you dont want to put it down. It has been quite a challenge going back to Android after Apple but I am enjoying the trip down memory lane. This is my first Samsung Note but love it and I have only had the phone for 3 days. I have had no problems and the seal was not broken on the box as one reviewer had complained. Everything is perfect!
It was great
Love this phone! Great seller!
Great Product
good phone, good value, it doesn't explode
The phone freezes from time to time. Activated in August 4 times. A major update rendered my phone unusable for more than 14 hours. And it turns off on it's own.
Everything works great on this phone.
excellent
This phone is a Beast!!!! Best Phone Ever...
Note 5 looks very excellent, but I have not used it because of my SIM size not to match it and I shall replace SMI card after I return China next week.thanks
So far it's functioning very well...very pleased with it....
I like it.
love iy
i love it
Cool
Slow shipping speed from a third party but I did receive it and it is a great, fast phone and works well in the USA on T-Mobile 4G (not exactly sure if it's considered LTE but I get speeds of up to 22 MBps down and anywhere from 7 to 22 MBps up). I can also use data while in a call, despite someone saying they couldn't. No issues whatsoever, have had the phone for a month or so. I'm waiting for the pen to break, but I don't use it that often (except now, to write this review). This is the international version so Samsung Pay and Microsoft Office don't work, but I wouldn't use them anyway, so it does everything I need.Battery life is great for my usage level of probably no more than an hour or two a day. Standby battery life is very good as after 9 hours in my pocket this thing is still sitting at over 80%. Wish it had an SD card so I could carry my entire music collection with me and toss my iPod.
I upgraded from a Note 4 and the Note 5 is beautiful. I used to have the color white, so I purchased the gold. I am not a techy person so I wont go too much into detail. The only negative things I have to say about the Note 5 is the obvious lack of expandable storage and removable battery, but Samsung announced they will be bringing it back. However, I am okay with the storage amount on this device.I was a little nervous about purchasing a phone on Amazon, especially an international version. I was not sure of the difference but I do not notice anything. Everything arrived safely and on time. The phone arrived in an original Samsung box with the Samsung headphones and a UK style Samsung wall adapter. I was concerned over this, but after double-checking the box, the seller supplied me with a U.S. adapter. This was awesome because my phone still recognized it was a fast travel charger, even with the adapter. I used to have a TMobile Note 4 with a StraightTalk micro sim. The Note 5 is nano size, so I had to purchase a new one. Transferring my number was an easy process that only lasted a few hours, which is normal. The SM-N920C (Note 5) is 4G LTE capable. I was panicking at first because it only said 4G on the status bar, but it is just cosmetic. It is 4G LTE, but it says 4G. The phone is fast with and without wifi.I love the Galaxy Note models because of the S Pen. On the Note 4, you just pull the S Pen out but on this model, you have to push it in to get it out. It is a little new for me, but it is not something I cant get used to. The functionality of the S Pen is excellent. It also looks really nice.There is no lagging on the Note 5. Everything processes smoothly. I am such a big fan of Samsung and I am amazed by all of the things this device can do. I am a college student and it just helps me with my daily tasks and I also love to stream videos and music. I can tell you the Note 5 screen looks way better on the Note 5 than the Note 4. The Note 4 is a great phone, but if you have the chance to upgrade, do it!I know most of my review was a comparison between Note 4 and 5 but I was trying to give as much detail as possible :) comment if you have any questions.
Yes yes yes!!!!!! I love this! I have been trying to figure out which one to get between the St and note 5. I just had to pick one or never would have gotten one. I am so ooooooo happy with this one. Only thing I didn't know was it needed a Sim card for straight talk. Oops. There are so many features I have never even knew about. I highly recommend this product!
Everything was as described no issues at all. Great phone. Fast shipping. Seller really cares about customer satisfaction over all 10/10
use this it work great
Great product. Great value.
Quick phone. Great processor. The 4gb of ram really makes a difference.
I love this phone as it's unlocked and brand new in case as described. Such a great phone
It's making my wife happy that it's fast and easy to use
great phone!! fast and good signal..but what the heck was i thinking to pay alot for a phone thats not waterproof after dropping it in water at work it died... so a warning to those who are clumsy just get the samsung galaxy the new one that just came out its waterproof unlike this one i really regret my choice :(
Everything I expected and more.
Just got this phone shipped to my place. Wow what a feeling it was unboxing this phone, phone works great and i would surely recommend the Samsung Note 5 to anybody. It's worth the money. THUMBS UP
Great phone I was going to update to 7. Happy I didn't. If you buy this you will not be sorry.. I enjoy mine.
Fantastic phone!
Absolutely love this phone. Awesome new features and upgrades from my Note 3. The pictures it takes are the best I've ever taken. Wish it had an expandable memory card slot but I've gotten used to sending my photos to the cloud. Totally love it.
Awesome
Everything is good I like it
very good
It was unlocked as advertised. This phone is fast on the internet through my wifi. Graphics are beautiful. Camera is very good. After fully charging the battery and with average use, phone and internet, the battery was down to 30% after 48 hours, at which point I recharged it and it took 1 hour and 6 minutes to charge back to 100%. The phone was not in any power saving mode. Now here is the not so good part, oh oh. When on a phone call ( cell to cell ) the voice coming through the top speakers is edgey, thin and filtered sounding, on speakerphone the sound is better, but still edgey. From a lan line to my cell the voice sounds good. If you are playing a video on youtube the sound is good. The phone is beautiful to look at. When you receive a call, pressing on the green icon will not answer the call, you have to drag the green icon upwards to the callers number to answer the call. My n920c is currently being used on consumer cellular. I hope this was helpful.
Best phone I've ever had.
This is a great phone, it's better than what I expected.
What can I say...it blows the Apple product out of the universe. People just stop what they are doing when I start taking notes... they are AMAZED!Truly a wireless FASSSST Charger if you get the charger with the capabilities. ( [10W Fast Charge Wireless Charging Pad]CHOE (QI Wireless Charger + Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Adapter) for Galaxy Note 5, S6 Edge+ and All Qi-Enabled DSold by: CHOETECH-Official).Fast and responsive. Not sluggish at all.
Wonderful product I'm glad I chose amazon to buy this phone online thank u!!!!
the product fits the description and the service was as expected
Samsung quality product
The phone is great! Works perfectly, the pen is very useful, it's not heavy at all.
1 Best phone in the market right now.2 Cons Why everyone picking on samsung I phones never had removable batteries or micro sd expansion.3 They are not the 1st to make a phone with a glass back or with glass overall all phones have glass screens so if you don't want to damage your 750 dollar phone pick up a 15 dollar case and a 10 dollar tempered glass screen protector.4. Samsung is a company yes. They are in Business to make money right not for people to like them or make friends they have demographics that they work out to know what individuals like. It does work because they are number one cellular phone manufacturer by volume globally, however not in the USA or China, Apple is because Americans typically like apple so to become number 1 in the largest market in the world you have to be Apple and be better than apple, that's what they are doing that's not exactly a bad thing.5. Global policy makers are having companies move towards technologies such as cloud storage, biometrics, and always on cellular devices on each person thats where Global policies are now I dont agree with it but it is what it is.6. The phone is a well constructed beautifully engineered device it is fast elegant and powerful, its full of features simple and can be pretty much anything you want it to be software wise if u need 1 home screen and 1 app screen with 10 apps you can do that if you need 7 or more home screens and a lot of apps you can do that as well.7. This phone is not for everyone, if enough people don't like it vote with your dollars and it may change.8. I Personally love the device its quick full of specs ans charges from 0 to 100 in around an hour and 20 mins gives me around 4 and a half hours to 5 and a half hours of screen on time or around a day on a half I am not big into apps and all that most of the apps I use are already pre installed in big into media consumption chrome-casting to my TV and all that.9. This phone is not perfect to me either i believe Samsung could have built in a micro SD slot along with the sim card slot, include an IR blaster and that S6 edge+ if it was a Note 5 Edge i would have been reviewing a different phone today. A Note 5 edge with IR blaster and micro SD expansion would have been my perfect phone.10. The battery is 3000 MAh and is greatly optimized to provide better battery life.11. It has 4 Gb of DDR4 Ram a lot of laptops don't have that and trust me it works it pushes through this beautiful Super Amoled 2K screen like it wasn't even there.It is a beast its over priced 550 to 600 is what i would value it at for a phone Im only gonna keep for a year i still payed 750 for it though still not 100% sure why guess I was feeling kinda ball-ish but when I buy a phone like this personally its for 70% emotional reason and 30% piratical because its really and truly dollar for dollar not worth it especially when it can fall into a gutter or pool of water n be toasted and ma weeks pay is gone just like that.12. All these people leaving negative reviews um did you read the specifications and then make your purchase because complaining about the phone doesn't have a micro SD expansion and replaceable battery is like buying a Mercedes Benz and complaining that it doesn't have a flat bed :/ and frankly I wouldn't take a review from a person that doesn't read what hes about to dish out 750 bucks about serious its as thou your an impulse buyer.13. This is the best phone in the market right now I am a note user i love the big screen the multitasking features and powerful specs samsung galaxy notes come with I've had the note 1 the note 3 and now the note 5 and have never no regrets yet as I said before its not perfect my perfect phone is a galaxy note 5 edge with a micro SD expansion slot and an IR blaster but I love using the S pen in class as im a student to do maths take notes and remind my classmates that they are minions with their HTC and Iphone.
Awesome colour. Not as loud a colour as I was expecting, which was good. Loved the stylus especially. Great phone.
Good job!
Best ever
Good
This product is even better then it is advertised. and thew seller is outstanding.
The best cellphone I've owned I love it. Upgraded from the Note 3.
4k Screen really does make a difference. I end up using the stylus a lot more then I thought.
I bought this for my wife add an early Christmas present. Our son broke the screen on her note 3 and she didn't like being stuck with my old Nexus 4. Well, I held out as long as I could, I was started to get concerned for my safety if she didn't get this thing, so I finally broke down and used some of the money I'd been saving the last year for a new Kenwood hf radio and bought this for her.It was sold by Open Group Wireless, speed by Amazon. It was listed as out of stock when I bought it, but it still arrived within a reasonable timeframe.My wife loves it, she's still trying to learn the new features that were added.We don't use Samsung Pay, and I don't know if it's included on this model. I would check, but I don't go like going through other people's devices.-1 star because of high price.
I heart this phone.
Everything is good I like it
Good product good price.
I absolutely love this phone. The packaging was nice, It arrived on time and the new features are amazing. I was somewhat indecisive of whether i should purchase the iphone 6 or the note 5 nonetheless, i am happy with the choice I made
Good
Lovely device overall, but beware of RAM management issues on all units.
I love, love my new phone, and getting it in gold made it even better...
Good product. But before you purchase please note that this device does not support with Samsun Pay.
It's been almost a Month since I've been using this phone. I love it!! Works well and as it is supposed to. Sometimes I lose signal from time to time when my older phone the note 2 didn't, but I think that might be the trimming to a nano sim's fault. But other than that, AWESOME LOVELY phone.
Pictures quality isn't great other wise its nice
5 better than 7note...
I love it.. I had the note 3 before this upgrade and I'm a lot happier with this one's camera.
My son loved it and it was easy to connect to straight talk. All I had to say was that it was an at&t phone and had a starter kit and they activated the sim card, popped it in the phone and it was that easy. Everything so far works great. He especially liked that it came with an adapter for wall charging. That was a plus.
Awesome
I really love this phone.Excellent camera quality.Only thing is that it uses a mini Sim and not the micro ones so I'll need to get a new one but great overall! Also excellent customer service. It took a few days to arrive but good service.
I love it. It's awesome and big. Works to the perfection and it was delivered on time so glad I bought this phone. Familymobile
Good Android phone. Samsung Galaxy's mobiles are pretty good.
There's a lot to learn, but am very pleased with its capability.
I love it
It's light weight, camera quality is the bomb I love it, love the big screen and the resolution is just amazing
Perfect
My husband was in need of an upgrade, and since the Note 7 had been recalled, he decided on the Note 5. He phone runs very smooth and has plenty of room to store his music and apps. He loves the stylus and uses it often for note taking & game play.
nice
Love my new galaxy note 5 it is a terrific phone would recommend to anyone. Shipping was great the condition of the package was fantastic I am very satisfied.
I bought this samsung galaxy note 5 and loving it.thanks amazon very nice phone.
This phone is awesome. It has so many features and doesn't disappoint.
Perfect
This phone has it all!
What a difference this phone is going to make in my life! The stylus is just what I needed for my clumsy fingers. This phone replaces a computer, laptop tablet and camera for me. Note 5 where have you been all my life?
I love the device, but I hated the seller. It's advertised as "factory unlocked," which, according to the seller, means "international," which, according to the seller, is equivalent to having features specific to United Arab Emirates. What that means is that Ramadan will be on your calendar for 4 weeks in the summer, and there's nothing you can do to get rid of it. No other holidays are pre-loaded into the calendar--just that one Muslim one. Also, the charger I got was not for U.S. outlets, and they sent a crappy black adapter with it. (After going back and forth to no avail with the seller, and to little effect with Amazon, I was directed to contact Samsung for a user manual and for instructions to fix the calendar problem. Haven't had time to mess with that yet, so I can't say if they'll be able to solve the problem. Amazon sent me a U.S. charger that matched the phone.) Other than that, I love the device. The big screen and S-Pen appeal to my middle-aged eyes and somewhat old fashioned sensibilities. (I like to write with pens). And it's really convenient to be able to jot things down and easily look them up or add to contacts later, etc. I'm far from an expert with smart phones (this is my first one) so I'll let others give you more technical run-down on the phone. I'm very happy with the device.
Superb
Great
absolutely in love with this phone! i was a long time android user before getting an iphone, i ended up missing andriod a lot so i went and bought the note 5 and i have no regrets.
GOOD , PERFECT
I had a old Note 4 and loved using it. Note 5 camera is in 4k, and loving it more.
No complaints, product just as described.
I like this phone.thank you!!
For some odd reason I feel like this is a replica. I had another Note 5 from AT&T and this one has a few things off. The backlight of the "Back" and "Menu" buttons on the screen are improperly lit. Also the notification led, lights up as if there is a 1/2 inch LED light behind it, brightening the whole upper left part of the screen. I verified IMEI and it says its authentic..... yet something tells me its not. It is working fine for the past few months so I really hope it lasts.
Fast shipping. Great phone at a good price. My wife loves it
So far so good
Perfect phone. Suits all of my needs. No regrets buying this model.
Love everything it works wonderfully couldn't be more happier
I love this phone even more than I love my Iphone 6S Plus. It's very mesmorising and you dont want to put it down. It has been quite a challenge going back to Android after Apple but I am enjoying the trip down memory lane. This is my first Samsung Note but love it and I have only had the phone for 3 days. I have had no problems and the seal was not broken on the box as one reviewer had complained. Everything is perfect!
It arrived on the day it said it would be delivered. And I loved it! It came with everything except I got a international charger of course instead of a US charger.. which is okay for me because I already had a charger.. I connected it to Metro PCS right away. I've have this phone for a month now and it is amazing. Does not lag! Every other day I find new features and camera is awesome. The battery lasts almost all day! Around 8 pm it'll be at 30% so I slap it on the charger! I got the silver one as I ordered (: wonderful phone. Only thing that I didn't like was getting the wrong adapter but I should have known since it's an international version. And to be honest I was a little scared to order this phone because I thought to myself what they just robbed me and aren't going to send me anything?! Luckily it was nothing like that.
It's an amazing phone in every possible way
Yes..this is the fine phone. I like it very much.
Excellent cell phone
Arrived beautifully
More than wonderful > on timethanks a lot
Amazing phone. I loved it so much!
excellent phone !!!
I love my new Note 5! I upgraded from a broken Note II. I really don't like change but this was a great move. The quality of the phone is great especially the screen and camera.
I like it
After being forced to own an iPhone for the last 3 years (Im military overseas...), I was extremely happy to get back to Android!And I'm extremely happy that its just as I remember it but better thanks to the new Android Version.The camera takes great photos even in low light. Which is a huge plus, because sometimes I dont want to lug around an extra camera, or I dont have an extra camera when a candid shot comes up. Even the selfie camera takes better photos than my iPhone!The phone is extremely quick and I love how large it is. I can see and text properly without fat fingering extra letters (unlike my iCrap..) See where I'm going with this?The only downfall I have with the phone, isnt really a gripe about the specs or its performance, but rather Samsung's insane amount of bloatware and Samsung branded apps that immediately download themselves the moment you enable WiFi or set up the Play Store.This is the ONLY reason I rated it a 4/5.In the future, I may elect to root and modify the phone so Im not forced into all this bloatware. TAKE NOTE SAMSUNG! Stop with the bloatware. Android has all the apps natively already, you don't have to make your own....All in all, this is still a really great phone and I wouldnt trade it for any other phone right now. It does exactly what Ineed it to do and more, and runs even graphics heavy games and apps with ease.You will be happy with the phone, just be ready for the bloatware.Purchased mine via Seller : TheCoos
Excelent...!!!
I love my unlocked note 5 . All good.
Excellent phone, however, this phone is not compatible with Tmobile 4GLTE, it will only run 4G... The product technical details should have this information. I am disappointed. I will be returning the phone and purchasing from else where.
It was great
Love this phone! Great seller!
Great Product
good phone, good value, it doesn't explode
The phone freezes from time to time. Activated in August 4 times. A major update rendered my phone unusable for more than 14 hours. And it turns off on it's own.
Everything works great on this phone.
I like it !
The phone was in excellent condition. It has been a great phone and everything works perfectly. Item as described plus fast shipping.
I love this phone and have had it for a few weeks and enjoying it each time I hold it in my hand. This is my very first smart phone and it has be hook, line and sinker. I've had a cell phone for years and only used it occasionally for a real need. That phone spent 99% of the time on the charger on my nightstand. My Galaxy Note 5 is in my hand 99% of the time. It is a true unlocked phone and I use it with Straight Talk, which was my main question when considering this phone. My experience with the seller has been wonderful as the phone arrived before expected.
Aite
love it still learning how to use it, no problems so far
incredible performance, camera, screen. Battery is normal, but the fast charging is incredible.
GREAT
Nice phone. Makes running my business easier
great product and seller, I'll buy again
Awesome phone
very good
It was unlocked as advertised. This phone is fast on the internet through my wifi. Graphics are beautiful. Camera is very good. After fully charging the battery and with average use, phone and internet, the battery was down to 30% after 48 hours, at which point I recharged it and it took 1 hour and 6 minutes to charge back to 100%. The phone was not in any power saving mode. Now here is the not so good part, oh oh. When on a phone call ( cell to cell ) the voice coming through the top speakers is edgey, thin and filtered sounding, on speakerphone the sound is better, but still edgey. From a lan line to my cell the voice sounds good. If you are playing a video on youtube the sound is good. The phone is beautiful to look at. When you receive a call, pressing on the green icon will not answer the call, you have to drag the green icon upwards to the callers number to answer the call. My n920c is currently being used on consumer cellular. I hope this was helpful.
Best phone I've ever had.
This is a great phone, it's better than what I expected.
Great phone. All that I expected and then some. Satisfied with my purchase especially from this seller. Phone came sooner than expected and just overall excellent service
Very good product
Great buy
great buy
Bought phone for my dad excellent condition
Phone is super fast, arrive as committed, so far so good. I would recommend.
Love it like ur personal lil laptop
Phone is nice. Just wish the charger was made for Turkey. They did send an adapter so it could work in the US. Overall pleased with phone but will have to find another Samsung fast charger overseas.
It is internationally unlocked...can't complain yet...hope I don't ever
Its is everything I expected
Excellent Phone. Better bettery, processor and features than note 4
Todo excelente, el producto cumplió con todo lo publicado
It doesn't have lte...works as expected but has blackout spots through the out metro areas..
The note 5 is a great device the item was delivered and works​ flawlessly on ATT, receiving LTE coverage.
I split my world between north America and Australia, so I wanted a device that would work in both countries. I purchased the unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note 5 to replace my original Note device (it held up well for 5 years). This device is called an"international device" but you need to look at the specific countries in the international listing to make sure it works where you want it to. You need the specific device details, and can type "will my phone work" into your web browser to find sites that will help you determine if it will work.The Note 5 arrived quickly and in good shape. It did have fingerprints on it, which made me a little nervous, but when turned on showed no signs of being a previously used device. This device comes with an Australian adapter, which is exactly what I wanted, for travel in Australia. You wil have to purchase your own US adapter, or use an adapter from a previous compatible phone if you are purchasing to use in the US. I already had my adapters from my original Note, those adapters work seamlessly with the Note 5. Some of the pre-loaded apps will also differ from the US locked version, so you will have to take some time to download them from the Play Store. So far all desired apps have been easy to find and to load.This is the gold version of the phone. I don't care so much about color because it is covered by the case. This screen of this phone seems to get dirty fast, so I will probably apply a protective shield because I can't stand the buildup. Like others, I miss having the ability to switch out additional storage cards, but as the world seems to be moving toward the cloud in all digital matters, I think my opinion here may change over time, too. I have had NO problems with the stylus. My case must protect it enough that it doesn't accidentally get bumped out.Battery life is insane. I go 3-4 days before recharging and have yet to find myself at a critical low battery level. I love the encryption option, and yes, I turned mine on. The phone itself is very lightweight, but I have not had any problems losing grip or slipping. Overall, I am incredibly pleased with the purchase and grateful for a product that will keep me loyal to the Galaxy Note line.
Good
Great phone, great features and serviice.
Best Buy so far... thought it might be refurbished but it is completely new. Totally satisfied.
Good cell phone.
The note 5 is last non-explosive, actually working note device released by Samsung. And it is the first metal designed galaxy note version. It's very sleek , fast , modern looking, tablet and phone. It has its signature pen. And man, what a great CAMERA. honestly with this terrible note 7 and no note 6 at all, note 5 is your only and best choice
Product is as said international warrenty and no prob as such till now.Thanks
Great phone, works well overseas!
Even though it's an international version, nothing is lacking and it's a great phone
The best phablet on the market
Very good product, and better seller. Thabks.
I love it
Okey
Great product and great warranty I would advice anyone buy from this company
Excellent!
Like. Great graded
Great Product
Excelente
Exelent
Amazing phone very fast of the best quality. I don't like the fact that Samsung did not make the battery removable. I also don't like the fact that it does not have SD slot. It would be perfect if it had these two things.
Really like it. I thought is was in Arabic. Installations was In English. Even come with a 110v adapter.
Very good
Awesome smart phone. Does everything I want and the battery life is good.
The was in almost perfect condition. No scratches on the screen or body. I was very impressed with the phone. I would definitely recommend this seller. The phone was in better shape than I expected since the price was so low.
Sound quality, picture quality and everything else is awesome
Great device. No worries
Was exactly what i was lookin for.
Got it on time and works great! I was a little skeptical but so happy once I got my phone delivered.
Love it it is fast .
good purchase overall. still checking battery life,but performance is a beast, i never have a phone that boot up in 5 second! that is insane!
Love this phone it dose more then you could possibly need your phone to doAnd it has premium apps that are freeYou got to buy it
It's a complete oh phone! (if you are worry about the battery, you won't have any problem - the battery have lasted me all day long, close 15 to 20hours)
That is working very well.
Quick shipping, great phone!
This is my first note. I had an s6 and let me tell you that it's been a great improvement. it comes with less bloatware. The pen works lovely, is a magnificent tool. It's a charm to hold in the hand. The fingerprint sensor works smoothly. Although it crashed me on the second day of use when i was trying to start the Camera. The phone is fast, looks elegant and it really doesn't feel like a big phone. Multitasking is great. This isn't the prefect phone but Samsung is going in the way of achieving it. I have the 32gb version but it Comes with 24gb usable right out of the box. Another thing it concerns me is that despite having 4gb Ram it's always using 60% of it even when the phone is idle. That's why it doesn't get 5 stars.
Beautiful and powerful. The packaging and box were a little banged up, most likely from shipping. It seemed as if the phone box was opened previously, but the phone is still wonderful and great with at&t
This phone is amazing! Can't beat the price either
I was always user apple and I think the note series is much better than iphone. This is true for all who love productivity.
Great phone
I purchased this phone because I didn't want a contract and it seemed like a nice upgrade. The phone works fine but coming from an S5 I fond myself questioning some of its missing features. I can live without waterproofing, but no IR blaster and no SD card was hard to swallow.However, I decided to try it. So far its been great but I figured out really fast that I had purchased a strange version. I received the SM-N920G, which is not compatible with Samsung pay and who knows what else. I initially rooted the phone but decided to revert back. That was the most painful process ever. When looking for the firmware the n920g has about 40 versions for different countries. After a few tries I got one to flash properly.That being said, that was my choice and my fault, I kust figured I would give people a heads up. The phone looks extremely high end. The size is perfect for me and I love the phablet like features like the email landscape view and running multiple apps. The camera is one of the bests I have seen. The only complaint I have is the battery. It seems to die really fast, even after the inital new phone syndrome wears off. I make it from 7:00AM to about 6:00PM, then I have to charge. I have battery saver on and I am optimizing everything. Kther than battery I have no complaints.
Great phone.I don't have any issue.Great product from BREED
Awesome screen resolution! Perfect details and color. But without external sd-card it's not totally perfect. Everything else is excellent!
Love this phone.. super happy with it.
I bought 2 of these unlocked phone for the hubs and me. Let me tell you these phones are awesome, we use them on the metro network and they work great.
When my LG g4 got broken I decided to upgrade to this one. I honestly tried to make me love this phone but ended returning it and purchasing LG g4 again as it was an ideal phone for me, though it doesn't have a stylus.
I absolutely love the phone but I don't like that every time I text it says messages stopped working n shuts down the messages.. N I don't get a lot of my messages because of this... Is my phones defected or something?
Excelente
Could not work for 4g. ..as one post on . Only the 3G work for..network. Been called to seller on review..Been whole month can not get a response. .what is the problems. .???? Need a help??
Had 1 dead pixel, in which was inthe center of VR eye placement, but other than that, the product was great. Wasn't sure if I'd end up using the pen at all but I loved it. Great phone, great company, don't even bother with chinese fakes or ripoffs, they don't compare and don't give samsung the justice it deserves in bringing a quality phone to the market that finally has made me feel like I won't be giving anything up as I transition from iOS to droid.
Item was as stated...very pleased. Thankyou.
good
network is not full I do not know why but the apparatus is as described
Works perfectly in Argentina. I'm using Personal and the LTE network got me 0 troubles.The box say "FOR AMERICAS ONLY" but I didn't need the USA sim to make it work.
No comment just love it! Pretty brilliant colors in the display!
I love my new phone except I haven't figured out how to put the keyboard on swype but that is not the phone's fault. It has a lot of cool features
💯
This is literally the nicest phone I have ever owned! It was extremely easy to set up - I have cricket so I just had to go to a store and they gave me a new SIM chip (since my old one was too big) and got everything working within 10 minutes. I legitimately have nothing to complain about - this phone has been so great to me!
Like new and works great!
The purchased was responsible and gave excellent support
very good phone. really fast
Awesome device!
Phone looks and works brand new i love it
It a little unique computer in a pocket. I love it very much.
Love it!
I'm still learning the features and functions but t's a great phone, I like the size, its easy to view and operatue and it takes great pictures. We Love Love Love our new Samsung Galaxy Note 5 phones.
It's everything I want n a phone
Very cool phone.
Two items missing from previous models: SD card support and the IR blaster for controlling media devices. Otherwise I would have given it a 5 star rating.
So sleek, a BIG & GREATER experience when moving from the Windows phone
Note 5 is a classical android phone. The phone is being formatted to suit users needs
Super good service 10 out of 10
Great phone!!! Love Love Love!!!!
EXCELLENT PHONE !! WORKS GREAT ON AT&T NETWORK IN THE U.S.!!
I constantly make fun of my friends galaxy s7 because of my superior screen and photo quality its a one sided arguement make the right choice
Got here on time, packaged great. Works beautifully, love it so much.
Great Phone. Gets updates much faster than US based phones. Unfortunately, Samsung Pay doesn't work on it, but no big loss. The Note 5 is to me the best Adroid phone in history. The ability to take notes, etc; is wonderful. Long live the s-pen!
Good phone very fast still working well with mm upgrade
Just "P.E.R.F.E.C.T." for those who love this titanium silver model. : )
So far so good.Size. I come from an iPhone 5 and the bigger size at least to me didn't mean a problem, just switched and done. It's big but fit my pockets.Typing. Good for 2 hands more accurate due to the bigger screen, for 1 hand typing I recommend swiping and solved.Camera. Awesome performance. First thing is eliminate the "fixing picture" feature since I like better natural photos. After that works as fine as a point and shoot camera, pro feature is helpful if you are a photo enthusiast .Performance. Fast, cool, bright screen, great speakers.Signal. Good in Nicaragua works on 4g lte here.Wireless charging. Awesome feature, charges pretty fast noto wire required. (Wireless Charger sold separately)Battery. It's better than my last phone. I'm still setting usage since it can last all day no charging. But drained quickly if you are a hard user, screen takes the biggest share.Screen. Awesome.Overall happy with my phone
Long time note fan. Not disappointed. With OTG storage not having an sd card option doesn't bother me as much as i thought it would. The phone looks and feels quality, is quick and powerful, but the best feature is this super snappy camera. Holy cow. With an spigen transparent case the hunt for the silver color was so worth it. Best phone ever. Note (hah) that this particular model is from india, which means slightly different bands than what you might need. I'm on tmobile and everything works great except there is no wifi calling. That was a big bummer, but there's other options like whatsapp.
good item
It's great! Thanks!
I like the product
The phone is really good overall but it is not compatible with T-Mobile. Sprint and T-Mobile are the only companies right now who have WiFi enabled calling on their Note5. Apparently, unless you by from them outright, you will not have this feature on your phone. It's only bad if you live in an area like I do where, service connection is horrible and you rely on WiFi to connect with the outside world. Had it not been for the missing feature, the phone is otherwise awesome and worthy of more than five stars.
Great product
The Samsung Galaxy Note line of smartphones are already known for their quality, appearance and functionality. This one is no different. I am very impressed by the new Android 6 OS on this phone and the camera. The only down side is that this device has no SD card slot and no ability to replace the battery but with the newer versions of the Note I believe these issues will be resolved.
this phone works great, i love not having all the extra features at&t preloads that you can't take off. I'd recommend it to anyone who loves the larger screen phones. battery lasts me through the day on moderate use and charges quickly if needed
Amazing
Great
Phone was everything I needed and more. No scratches or marks anywhere. Arrived on time.
My daughter loves it unlike other phones I have bought in the past I'm very pleased and thank you
This phone is a beast!! Everything ok with the shipping.
I am very happy with my phone and Tecchnomaster's quick response to my email. Thank you :)
Perfect
This phone is sexy in the Sliver Titanium color and people will notice it as it is a rare color for the Note 5. Good quality photos, and calls sound great. Videos looks amazing in this Super AMOLED display. The only thing that's is missing is the support for "Samsung Pay" but I already knew this International version does not support the app at the moment.
Love this phone.. super happy with it.
When my LG g4 got broken I decided to upgrade to this one. I honestly tried to make me love this phone but ended returning it and purchasing LG g4 again as it was an ideal phone for me, though it doesn't have a stylus.
I absolutely love the phone but I don't like that every time I text it says messages stopped working n shuts down the messages.. N I don't get a lot of my messages because of this... Is my phones defected or something?
Excelente
Could not work for 4g. ..as one post on . Only the 3G work for..network. Been called to seller on review..Been whole month can not get a response. .what is the problems. .???? Need a help??
Beautiful and powerful. The packaging and box were a little banged up, most likely from shipping. It seemed as if the phone box was opened previously, but the phone is still wonderful and great with at&t
This phone is amazing! Can't beat the price either
I was always user apple and I think the note series is much better than iphone. This is true for all who love productivity.
Great phone
I purchased this phone because I didn't want a contract and it seemed like a nice upgrade. The phone works fine but coming from an S5 I fond myself questioning some of its missing features. I can live without waterproofing, but no IR blaster and no SD card was hard to swallow.However, I decided to try it. So far its been great but I figured out really fast that I had purchased a strange version. I received the SM-N920G, which is not compatible with Samsung pay and who knows what else. I initially rooted the phone but decided to revert back. That was the most painful process ever. When looking for the firmware the n920g has about 40 versions for different countries. After a few tries I got one to flash properly.That being said, that was my choice and my fault, I kust figured I would give people a heads up. The phone looks extremely high end. The size is perfect for me and I love the phablet like features like the email landscape view and running multiple apps. The camera is one of the bests I have seen. The only complaint I have is the battery. It seems to die really fast, even after the inital new phone syndrome wears off. I make it from 7:00AM to about 6:00PM, then I have to charge. I have battery saver on and I am optimizing everything. Kther than battery I have no complaints.
Great phone.I don't have any issue.Great product from BREED
Awesome screen resolution! Perfect details and color. But without external sd-card it's not totally perfect. Everything else is excellent!
Was exactly what i was lookin for.
Got it on time and works great! I was a little skeptical but so happy once I got my phone delivered.
It's a complete oh phone! (if you are worry about the battery, you won't have any problem - the battery have lasted me all day long, close 15 to 20hours)
That is working very well.
Quick shipping, great phone!
This is my first note. I had an s6 and let me tell you that it's been a great improvement. it comes with less bloatware. The pen works lovely, is a magnificent tool. It's a charm to hold in the hand. The fingerprint sensor works smoothly. Although it crashed me on the second day of use when i was trying to start the Camera. The phone is fast, looks elegant and it really doesn't feel like a big phone. Multitasking is great. This isn't the prefect phone but Samsung is going in the way of achieving it. I have the 32gb version but it Comes with 24gb usable right out of the box. Another thing it concerns me is that despite having 4gb Ram it's always using 60% of it even when the phone is idle. That's why it doesn't get 5 stars.
Sound quality, picture quality and everything else is awesome
Great device. No worries
Good experience. The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 international version works and looks great.
I love this phone...thank you
My wife loves her new Note 5 and loves the Gold Pink color. Packaging was the greatest, but the phone was intact and not damaged.
Nice case
I love this phone...thank you
Nice case
I am very pleased with this phone. It has almost replaced my tablet. Photos very impressive. Battery life quite good compared to my previous phone, the Galaxy 5. I think I will stay with the Galaxy note in future.
The great Samsung Quality as usual. However I wish the battery could be removed and there was a slot for a memory card.
This is simply a great phone. The materials used give it a solid good quality feel. The dual sim functionality is easy to use and adds to what is already good hardware and software. The camera is easy to use and produces a beautiful picture.
PERFECT! LOVE THE PHONE!
Excellent phone, I live in Dominican Republic and works very well with the two main operators Orange and Claro here.
I love my phone
Awesome phone. Best dual sim ever by Samsung. I was hesitate to order this phone here because its not launch all countries. Excellent delivery received within a week. Its all the way came from China. Default language is chineas. Dual sim works great. Using T-mobile and Indian vodafone. Now on vacation in India and no issues with phone. Battery is really good, i play clash of clan alot and works till 40 hours upto 20%. Charging speed is really good. So over all I am happy with this phone.
The charger didnt work, I suppose that it meant to work on China, and the language is on Chinese too, not so hard to change to english though, the cellphone excelent!
GREAT!!!
This product is very nice for the price but I really don,t know if this is a China version because when I open it first there were Chinese writings at the beginning and some of the things I try to access is in Chinese language. It have a lot of great features so I hope it work well like my older version
BEST !
This is a beautiful device. I had the Verizon branded Note 5 before trading it for a Note 7 (rip). The silver on this device isn't obnoxious. Both sim slots work with AT&T and T-mobile LTE bands in the US.This device takes beautiful photos. It actually works better than the US version sold by Verizon. Battery life is awesome. This device doesn't get hot when shooting video unlike other dual sim devices cough cough Sony. Xperia.The best dual sim device available right now and you truly get what you pay for.This device was shipped from Taiwan and I received it way sooner than expected.Device is brand new and the box wasn't opened. A+ seller will definitely buy again.
Great
I feel I still have a note 4. The only thing I gained is another slot for an extra sim
It was a gift....the recipient loves it.
Ok good
The phone arrived on time and exactly as described - original, authentic Samsung and new in the box without flaws.
Best version so far. I love it.
Very good product. Almost perfect. Its just lacking ONE LTE frequency...and of course the one I need for my carrier 😕...if you are using VODAFONE, be aware that the 800 mhz band is blocked. (Samsung loves to do stuff like that!)
Delivery was on time and excellent.
The product is great. However it easily flips from English to Korean? language when you are texting. This can be annoying. I think once the language of choice is selected it should be difficult for any other language to be accessed easily.
Lightweight, thin, slightly smaller case than the Note 4 but the screen is the exact same size.Samsung has packed a lot of features into this phone.It has two sim slots so I am able to have two phone numbers on one phone.I love the gold color.
Excellent service! I previously had a Galaxy Note 5 from T-Mobile but I had to return it because I use to travel a lot and I needed an unlocked phone. The Galaxy Note 5 in White Pearl unlocked is not available online (because of National Backorder) so I found this Dual Sim Card International Version and I love it! I can keep both of my sim cards inside the phone (1 from México & 1 from the states) so every time I change from one country no another I not longer have to take my sim card out in order to put the one that I need. I just go to settings, turn off one of the sim card 1 and turn on the sim card 2 and that's it. I also have noticed that the battery life in the international version is longer than the T-Mobile/AT&T version. The only thing I complain is that the phone doesn't came with the Samsung Pay app installed so I think I have to wait until Samsung release it to download it.
Loving my phone more each day. It is my very first smart phone and prior to it I never felt I needed one and now I would never want to be without it.
Lost a star cause the top of my stylus popped off... other than that i love this phone but without my stylus i feel slightly handicapped
Excelent!!!
I bought these as gifts and was told exactly what was wanted and the features. My family is happy.
wife couldn't like w/out it!,it doing great...
nice
Very good
Awesome phone, it exceed my expectations and is working fine, totally satisfied!
Best phone I've seen to date! great photos...
The great Samsung Quality as usual. However I wish the battery could be removed and there was a slot for a memory card.
This is simply a great phone. The materials used give it a solid good quality feel. The dual sim functionality is easy to use and adds to what is already good hardware and software. The camera is easy to use and produces a beautiful picture.
PERFECT! LOVE THE PHONE!
Excellent phone, I live in Dominican Republic and works very well with the two main operators Orange and Claro here.
Awesome phone. Best dual sim ever by Samsung. I was hesitate to order this phone here because its not launch all countries. Excellent delivery received within a week. Its all the way came from China. Default language is chineas. Dual sim works great. Using T-mobile and Indian vodafone. Now on vacation in India and no issues with phone. Battery is really good, i play clash of clan alot and works till 40 hours upto 20%. Charging speed is really good. So over all I am happy with this phone.
The charger didnt work, I suppose that it meant to work on China, and the language is on Chinese too, not so hard to change to english though, the cellphone excelent!
I am very pleased with this phone. It has almost replaced my tablet. Photos very impressive. Battery life quite good compared to my previous phone, the Galaxy 5. I think I will stay with the Galaxy note in future.
The great Samsung Quality as usual. However I wish the battery could be removed and there was a slot for a memory card.
This is simply a great phone. The materials used give it a solid good quality feel. The dual sim functionality is easy to use and adds to what is already good hardware and software. The camera is easy to use and produces a beautiful picture.
PERFECT! LOVE THE PHONE!
Excellent phone, I live in Dominican Republic and works very well with the two main operators Orange and Claro here.
I love my phone
Awesome phone. Best dual sim ever by Samsung. I was hesitate to order this phone here because its not launch all countries. Excellent delivery received within a week. Its all the way came from China. Default language is chineas. Dual sim works great. Using T-mobile and Indian vodafone. Now on vacation in India and no issues with phone. Battery is really good, i play clash of clan alot and works till 40 hours upto 20%. Charging speed is really good. So over all I am happy with this phone.
The charger didnt work, I suppose that it meant to work on China, and the language is on Chinese too, not so hard to change to english though, the cellphone excelent!
GREAT!!!
Lost a star cause the top of my stylus popped off... other than that i love this phone but without my stylus i feel slightly handicapped
Excelent!!!
I bought these as gifts and was told exactly what was wanted and the features. My family is happy.
wife couldn't like w/out it!,it doing great...
nice
Very good
Awesome phone, it exceed my expectations and is working fine, totally satisfied!
Best phone I've seen to date! great photos...
This product is very nice for the price but I really don,t know if this is a China version because when I open it first there were Chinese writings at the beginning and some of the things I try to access is in Chinese language. It have a lot of great features so I hope it work well like my older version
BEST !
This is a beautiful device. I had the Verizon branded Note 5 before trading it for a Note 7 (rip). The silver on this device isn't obnoxious. Both sim slots work with AT&T and T-mobile LTE bands in the US.This device takes beautiful photos. It actually works better than the US version sold by Verizon. Battery life is awesome. This device doesn't get hot when shooting video unlike other dual sim devices cough cough Sony. Xperia.The best dual sim device available right now and you truly get what you pay for.This device was shipped from Taiwan and I received it way sooner than expected.Device is brand new and the box wasn't opened. A+ seller will definitely buy again.
Great
I feel I still have a note 4. The only thing I gained is another slot for an extra sim
It was a gift....the recipient loves it.
Ok good
The phone arrived on time and exactly as described - original, authentic Samsung and new in the box without flaws.
Best version so far. I love it.
Very good product. Almost perfect. Its just lacking ONE LTE frequency...and of course the one I need for my carrier 😕...if you are using VODAFONE, be aware that the 800 mhz band is blocked. (Samsung loves to do stuff like that!)
Delivery was on time and excellent.
The product is great. However it easily flips from English to Korean? language when you are texting. This can be annoying. I think once the language of choice is selected it should be difficult for any other language to be accessed easily.
Lightweight, thin, slightly smaller case than the Note 4 but the screen is the exact same size.Samsung has packed a lot of features into this phone.It has two sim slots so I am able to have two phone numbers on one phone.I love the gold color.
Excellent service! I previously had a Galaxy Note 5 from T-Mobile but I had to return it because I use to travel a lot and I needed an unlocked phone. The Galaxy Note 5 in White Pearl unlocked is not available online (because of National Backorder) so I found this Dual Sim Card International Version and I love it! I can keep both of my sim cards inside the phone (1 from México & 1 from the states) so every time I change from one country no another I not longer have to take my sim card out in order to put the one that I need. I just go to settings, turn off one of the sim card 1 and turn on the sim card 2 and that's it. I also have noticed that the battery life in the international version is longer than the T-Mobile/AT&T version. The only thing I complain is that the phone doesn't came with the Samsung Pay app installed so I think I have to wait until Samsung release it to download it.
Loving my phone more each day. It is my very first smart phone and prior to it I never felt I needed one and now I would never want to be without it.
Lost a star cause the top of my stylus popped off... other than that i love this phone but without my stylus i feel slightly handicapped
Excelent!!!
I bought these as gifts and was told exactly what was wanted and the features. My family is happy.
wife couldn't like w/out it!,it doing great...
nice
Awesome phone, it exceed my expectations and is working fine, totally satisfied!
The great Samsung Quality as usual. However I wish the battery could be removed and there was a slot for a memory card.
This is simply a great phone. The materials used give it a solid good quality feel. The dual sim functionality is easy to use and adds to what is already good hardware and software. The camera is easy to use and produces a beautiful picture.
PERFECT! LOVE THE PHONE!
Excellent phone, I live in Dominican Republic and works very well with the two main operators Orange and Claro here.
Awesome phone. Best dual sim ever by Samsung. I was hesitate to order this phone here because its not launch all countries. Excellent delivery received within a week. Its all the way came from China. Default language is chineas. Dual sim works great. Using T-mobile and Indian vodafone. Now on vacation in India and no issues with phone. Battery is really good, i play clash of clan alot and works till 40 hours upto 20%. Charging speed is really good. So over all I am happy with this phone.
The charger didnt work, I suppose that it meant to work on China, and the language is on Chinese too, not so hard to change to english though, the cellphone excelent!
Lost a star cause the top of my stylus popped off... other than that i love this phone but without my stylus i feel slightly handicapped
Excelent!!!
I bought these as gifts and was told exactly what was wanted and the features. My family is happy.
wife couldn't like w/out it!,it doing great...
nice
Very good
Awesome phone, it exceed my expectations and is working fine, totally satisfied!
Best phone I've seen to date! great photos...
I am very pleased with this phone. It has almost replaced my tablet. Photos very impressive. Battery life quite good compared to my previous phone, the Galaxy 5. I think I will stay with the Galaxy note in future.
The great Samsung Quality as usual. However I wish the battery could be removed and there was a slot for a memory card.
This is simply a great phone. The materials used give it a solid good quality feel. The dual sim functionality is easy to use and adds to what is already good hardware and software. The camera is easy to use and produces a beautiful picture.
PERFECT! LOVE THE PHONE!
Excellent phone, I live in Dominican Republic and works very well with the two main operators Orange and Claro here.
I love my phone
Awesome phone. Best dual sim ever by Samsung. I was hesitate to order this phone here because its not launch all countries. Excellent delivery received within a week. Its all the way came from China. Default language is chineas. Dual sim works great. Using T-mobile and Indian vodafone. Now on vacation in India and no issues with phone. Battery is really good, i play clash of clan alot and works till 40 hours upto 20%. Charging speed is really good. So over all I am happy with this phone.
The charger didnt work, I suppose that it meant to work on China, and the language is on Chinese too, not so hard to change to english though, the cellphone excelent!
GREAT!!!
This product is very nice for the price but I really don,t know if this is a China version because when I open it first there were Chinese writings at the beginning and some of the things I try to access is in Chinese language. It have a lot of great features so I hope it work well like my older version
BEST !
This is a beautiful device. I had the Verizon branded Note 5 before trading it for a Note 7 (rip). The silver on this device isn't obnoxious. Both sim slots work with AT&T and T-mobile LTE bands in the US.This device takes beautiful photos. It actually works better than the US version sold by Verizon. Battery life is awesome. This device doesn't get hot when shooting video unlike other dual sim devices cough cough Sony. Xperia.The best dual sim device available right now and you truly get what you pay for.This device was shipped from Taiwan and I received it way sooner than expected.Device is brand new and the box wasn't opened. A+ seller will definitely buy again.
Great
I feel I still have a note 4. The only thing I gained is another slot for an extra sim
It was a gift....the recipient loves it.
Ok good
The phone arrived on time and exactly as described - original, authentic Samsung and new in the box without flaws.
Best version so far. I love it.
Very good product. Almost perfect. Its just lacking ONE LTE frequency...and of course the one I need for my carrier 😕...if you are using VODAFONE, be aware that the 800 mhz band is blocked. (Samsung loves to do stuff like that!)
Delivery was on time and excellent.
The product is great. However it easily flips from English to Korean? language when you are texting. This can be annoying. I think once the language of choice is selected it should be difficult for any other language to be accessed easily.
Lightweight, thin, slightly smaller case than the Note 4 but the screen is the exact same size.Samsung has packed a lot of features into this phone.It has two sim slots so I am able to have two phone numbers on one phone.I love the gold color.
Excellent service! I previously had a Galaxy Note 5 from T-Mobile but I had to return it because I use to travel a lot and I needed an unlocked phone. The Galaxy Note 5 in White Pearl unlocked is not available online (because of National Backorder) so I found this Dual Sim Card International Version and I love it! I can keep both of my sim cards inside the phone (1 from México & 1 from the states) so every time I change from one country no another I not longer have to take my sim card out in order to put the one that I need. I just go to settings, turn off one of the sim card 1 and turn on the sim card 2 and that's it. I also have noticed that the battery life in the international version is longer than the T-Mobile/AT&T version. The only thing I complain is that the phone doesn't came with the Samsung Pay app installed so I think I have to wait until Samsung release it to download it.
Loving my phone more each day. It is my very first smart phone and prior to it I never felt I needed one and now I would never want to be without it.
Lost a star cause the top of my stylus popped off... other than that i love this phone but without my stylus i feel slightly handicapped
Excelent!!!
I bought these as gifts and was told exactly what was wanted and the features. My family is happy.
wife couldn't like w/out it!,it doing great...
nice
Awesome phone, it exceed my expectations and is working fine, totally satisfied!
Excellent !!!! super happy with this phone
I love my phone, it does everything I expect it to and more. Best phone I've ever had! Still wish it was 64g but love it anyways.
Great product
products exactly as descriped
Daughter got it to replace dying phone. Was here the next day. She lives off her phone.
It's a fantastic dual sim phone. I do wish the camera was better. I have the S6 edge and it's picture quality is so much better, it's like night and day literally. Don't understand that when they are both new Samsung products
Arrived on time and it was everything I expected. Everything so far works great and I couldn't be more pleased. Thanks...
Fantastique
It was a gift for my brother, he loved it!!!
Excelent!!!
Fast. Good cameras. Lot of room for apps. Not noticing tje significant warming of the instrument as my past experences with past models.
I love my phone, it does everything I expect it to and more. Best phone I've ever had! Still wish it was 64g but love it anyways.
Great product
products exactly as descriped
Daughter got it to replace dying phone. Was here the next day. She lives off her phone.
It's a fantastic dual sim phone. I do wish the camera was better. I have the S6 edge and it's picture quality is so much better, it's like night and day literally. Don't understand that when they are both new Samsung products
Arrived on time and it was everything I expected. Everything so far works great and I couldn't be more pleased. Thanks...
Fantastique
It was a gift for my brother, he loved it!!!
Excelent!!!
Fast. Good cameras. Lot of room for apps. Not noticing tje significant warming of the instrument as my past experences with past models.
Excellent !!!! super happy with this phone
Very good
I purchased this phone for my wife who has a visual impairment. she loves the size and clarity of the screen. She uses it all the time.
Very good
I purchased this phone for my wife who has a visual impairment. she loves the size and clarity of the screen. She uses it all the time.
The note5 phone is perfect. And its original one make by Samsung. Thanks for that
very satisfied
Prompt delivery as promised, item as described working flawlessly.
A great phone with a lot of options.
Delivery was fast and it works well!
Excelent
I am writing this review after a week using my new Note 5 with 64GB of storage. My model is an unlocked phone from Korean model N920A an AT&T model, use 4G LTE on the Straight Talk with the T-Mobile network, which I used in the greater Fishers. IN area. The software was updated once, from AT&T and T-Mobile, when I received my Note 5 device the only thing I had to do was to put in the Straight Talk Sim Card, reboot the phone. In your face Sprint, this Note 5 cell phone Rock with Straight Talk.. ****LOVE THE PHONE AND LOVE STRAIGHT TALK****
It a very good cellphone and the package delivered very good and safe
Aš described
Awesome phone.
Unlocked features
🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
My daughter likes it so much even though she initially thought she ordered the dual sim phone. She enjoyed the phone. Thanks...
wonderful team , I love its functionality
I replaced my ipod, and my ipad with this terriific item! I keep discovering amazing new things that it does. Absolutely love it!
love it.
Love, love, love my phone. Best place to get a phone if you don't want to be committed to a contract.
Had this device for a short time... but already I am loving it.I'm not gonna do a detailed review here because there's already a million of them online... so for specifics and details check out YouTube for great review videos.What I will point out is that this is the international version... that has some pros and some considerable to it.The pros are it's completely unlocked so you can go with pretty much any carrier except Sprint and Versions networks. This also gives ya freedom to switch any time you like as well. Also this device is running lite on the factory installed apps and carrier bloat ware we all hate. That's nice to not have chappy apps ya don't want permanently taking up space on your device.The cons come mainly in software and support. This phone does not support some applications yet mainly Samsung pay... and as an international device it's usually last in line for those apps... plus software updates take a while... those wanting the marshmallow update... like me... will be waiting a while longer as this device is almost last in line. So that kinda stinks. .. also the warranty is handled differently as well.Aside from those little things it's an amazing device and we'll worth the price for the freedom provided by a truly unlocked device.
Decided to upgrade my Note 3 to a 5. It is nice having the tap'n'pay facility on the phone. It is slightly thinner and lighter than the Note 3.I also bought the wireless charger since the 5 has the facilties builtin. Other than that, I have no problems at all and am very happy with the phone.
Just a fantastic phone. As simple as that.I have used it for a couple of months, and it still blows my mind. Perfect for VR (virtual reality) and works like a charm with Samsung Gear VR. Gets a little hot, though. When used with Samsung Gear VR, that is.Amazon has a fantastic delivery-speed to Norway. Even to the northern part of Norway. And: A customer service that is outstanding.
Purchased from NGP. Arrived in original Samsung packaging. All the IMEI numbers were same and verified phone is original Samsung Galaxy Note 5 64GB International Unlocked version. Phone is really nice and super fast. Very nice phone and not a fake. GSM network and fully compatible with the Canadian carriers TELUS, Rogers et.The only thing was that the charger is a UK version so it would not fit in my North American wall socket until I used a travel adapter. I did not feel that was enough to bring my rating down a full star however so I left it at 5 stars, otherwise I would have gave it 4.5 stars :)
GREAT
Arrived quickly and I signed for the receipt. Instructions clear. This Android phone is much better than my Iphone 6 plus-I am ready to steal it from my hubby! Best buy got our number ported with no problems. The screen is so easy to see. My husband loves the stylus. We have 9 apple devices in our house and I plan to switch. The phone seems to be faster, hold more, the battery doesn't deplete quickly like the iphones do. Also, Best Buy has a Samsung rep in each store that offers free classes to get started. It was worth every penny!
The best phone ever! I'm a civil engineer and work in Structural Design and my working team is never join together. With this phone, Whatsapp, Gmail, we can do whatever we want to do the right thing on drawings. S-pen is the best tool, that's why yesterday, Apple released its new excelent Ipad with Pencil, soon we will see that in other phones cause without this you can't go further. I bougth the 64gb version and really think that I'm never going to need more than that, slot for extra memory is no needed. The battery works excelent, you only have to use it in saving energy mode (not ultra energy mode, that's black and white) there's no much difference with full mode, and I can use it all day in full action. I also have S6 edge and without S-PEN is not as good when you compare with Note 5. If any one of you ask me what's wrong with this phone, I don't Know what to say and I have had S3, S4, S5, S6 and this is really the best.
I hope you solve the problem, excuse my behavior I was just a little frustrated.
Overall that is a good phone. Solid battery life, great camera and amazing screen.Screen is definitely improved over last generation, bright and crisp. Battery gives you enough juice to last the whole day, but I'm sure it will get weaker over months and unfortunately battery is non removable.I still don't see any use for Stylus (S Pen), it just fun toy for the first couple of days, but has no use in real world. In my opinion removing it and using the space for bigger battery would be better solution. And be careful with S Pen, apparently it's quite easy to insert it in a wrong way, which could damage your device.MicroSD slot is missing in this generation of Note, but 64GB should be enough for most of the users.From the bad side:- Phone has only one tiny speaker on the bottom of it. Speaker sound is generally not impressive.- TouchWiz is still there, but it's getting lighter with every new generation.- New design with glass back is kind of slippery.- Expensive.
very satisfied
Prompt delivery as promised, item as described working flawlessly.
Excelent
I am writing this review after a week using my new Note 5 with 64GB of storage. My model is an unlocked phone from Korean model N920A an AT&T model, use 4G LTE on the Straight Talk with the T-Mobile network, which I used in the greater Fishers. IN area. The software was updated once, from AT&T and T-Mobile, when I received my Note 5 device the only thing I had to do was to put in the Straight Talk Sim Card, reboot the phone. In your face Sprint, this Note 5 cell phone Rock with Straight Talk.. ****LOVE THE PHONE AND LOVE STRAIGHT TALK****
Got excellent service and I love my phone.
Love it
Great fast .But the finger print reader did not work.
my mom loves it
AMAZING phone just the battery life sucks and in 3 hours I had to charge after using it.
Very Good!
Works perfectly fine for now still looks brand new I've had it for a couple of months now
Excellent phone. Would buy another refurbished phone from them.
I originally traded my Note 5 for the Note 7. With the Note 7 recall I needed a new device. Fortunately I found a good deal on a used Note 5, which was in like new condition.
Bought an AT&T galaxy note 5. It came on time. No scratches or marks. Works fine.
Great phone. No complaints. Great time on arrival. Packaging was great.
Great phone but don't buy a used one from Edge Cellular like I did. It turned out to be flagged as a stolen device.
Love the Note 5. Previously had the Note 4, wouldn't work when we switched carriers. This phone transferred perfectly.
love it
Great phone!!! Came faster than expected. Extremely satisfied!!!
Fast delivery and the product works great!
I honestly was doubting that for the $600 price I was charged that I would be getting a good phone. I was pleasantly surprised. The phone came in great condition as promised, with only a minor scuff on the back. The phone works as expected, my only gripe is that while it came in the original packaging with a charger and headphones, there was no sim removal tool. Would recommend this re-seller anytime.
I love this phone. Very fast and great screen size. Super responsive. Makes my old S4 seem like a Model A
WORKS GREAT. SAVED ABOUT $300 FROM NEW TO THIS REFURBISHED. LOOKED NEW.
Works great looks great
The Galaxy Note7's are exploding. Get the Note 5, which right now is kind of the newest Note. I LOVE IT! Highly recommended and as described.
product arrived on time and looks great. charger is some no name brand. phone was suppose to come with screen protector and it was not included. so i am only giving 4 stars. will rate again later after i have used the phone
Got this for my son and he likes it so far. It comes with just a regular charger so you will absolutely need to purchase the fast charger.
Great seller, and product. love it.
I'm loving this phone! I've had it for almost a month, and I'm using it through straight talk wireless. Great features, and it arrived in perfect condition! I was hesitant to buy such an expensive item used, but it's perfect. Thank you!
Excellent. Worked perfectly with straighttalk even if locked with ATT.
Arrived in secured packaging. Added it to the Straight Talk network in 30 minutes phone works fine
Perfect!
Phone is great except that i had to find a sim tray because i didnt recieve one with the phone. And the charge cord broke the first time i used it.
This is the best device I have ever owned and I'm going back to 2009. The screen size and quality is perfect. I added a photo I took from my Note 5. This phone feels great in the hand. There really isn't much I can't do with this device.
I had the Note 4, and the Note 5 is a nice improvement over it. This phone is fast, takes awesome pictures and Samsung Pay is the best. Only thing I miss is the ir blaster remote capability. The phone was in great shape and love the price for a used phone.
I love this phone!
Love it
I got this to replace my despised iPhone. It is everything I wanted and more. Lots of storage, takes good pictures, runs all my favorite apps, and is super easy to set up and use. I love the note feature and the attached S-pen. The ability to write and save a note without even unlocking the phone is very convenient. I'm so glad I ditched Apple and went back to Samsung!
could not say enough about the solid and almost perfect ability of this phone both physically and technically sound telecommunications equipment. my only downfall is that there was not any extension slot for this phone as far as memory and if you work this phone as hard as I do with aps and overloading it tends to over heat. couldn't imagine if I worked or lived in a hot environment.
LOVVVVVVVVEEEEEE IT!
Very good phone..love android for its ease of use. Have had no problems with this phone and have bought two of them. Takes great pics, fast processing than my Samsung Note 3....only downside..would like to be able to have access to change battery if need be....back is sealed shut....
I was nervous about buying a phone "through the mail". This phone is in perfect condition. It works great. It arrived fast and I am very happy. Great job!
One of my all time favorite phones.
Phone is great I just did not know I was not getting the original charger for it. Great price, great condition and quick delivery. I'm happy.
This phone is great. Nice size, very fast. Gives you 100gb of cloud space with One drive. Great for memo taking, office work and signing documents is an added bonus! The downsize of course is no removable battery and no expanded memory. But otherwise a terrific phone
I like it!
Phone in excellent condition, thank you.
We bought those as Christmas to ourselves after having our S4's for over 2 years. At the moment of this review we've had them for about 5 months and they are just ridiculously awesome. From the power and speed and the camera, s-pen everything on it matched what we wanted and it makes the S4 look like dinosaurs.Screen:very crisp, big at first and strong, they have been dropped and still doing great.Speakers:I got so used to have speakers in the back of the S4 that I still sometimes prop the phone up so that the sound doesn't get muffled. With the Note 5, you can set your phone down on a flat surface, even soft and the sound will be just as strong.S-Pen:I don't use it often (actually since my daughters sometime steal my phone before I wake up, I lost my s-pen), but it is pretty handy.Camera:One thing that pushed me to this phone was the camera, it is the fastest I have ever used, you can have the phone off, press the home button twice and by the time your hands are in position to take the photo, the app is ready and all you need is click (or say cheese).Fingerprint lock: This is great against toddlers and little kids but of course as a general protection for your phone, very sensible but very accurate, you can record I believe up to 4 fingerprints (for me thumb and index fingers) and move while you do it so you can have multiple angles recognized. Backup password helps when your spouse wants to use it.All in all a great phone to have!
Absolutely love this phone easy to use like how slim and handy the device is very light big screen all my favorite things I jumped straight from the 3 to the 5 and love love it...
I love this phone and it's still in a perfect condition! I saved a lot of money!
I had to get a SIM card from my local Sprint store (It was free). Over all... great produce... greal deal!
Great
This phone is amazing, the size is great
Sadly I hate the inability to utilize an external SD card or switch out the battery. Can't open phone like previous Notes. Seems like less features yet a whole lot more battery usage.
So far I'm loving this phone
Great phone i have no problems
Works great so far
It's pretty
Was better than described
Great phone!
Unhappy with no SD card and can't swap battery. But other than that it works great.
The phone said it was in "good condition" but I thought it was brand new when I opened it. I don't write reviews unless I was very impressed! Excellent product
Great deal. Like new.
Power consumption is a bit of an issue, but other than that, it's a good phone
Awesomeness
Awesome, When i got the phone it looked new, there was no indication that it was used. The phone was perfect but i got a charger that overheated and contacted the seller, and they replied and sent me two fast chargers, :) BUY IT NOW it perfect!!
Works perfectly and just as advertised.
The phone is working well.
Bought this for my Daughters 14th Bday - she loves it! It has no noticeable defects, scratches etc. It looks like it's brand new, not used or pre-opened. Was nervous it wouldn't be as good as advertised - but it really was! Thank you for providing an affordable alternative - great product/service!
Great phone
Great phone. I have opened every Note and this is the best one ever
One of the best phones ever made. From the screen to the battery life, so much of this phone is exceptional. However, its software leaves something to be desired unless if you've always had a Samsung phone. Android purists need not apply. Also, the speaker is pretty weak, but aside from that this is one of the best Android phones on the market. Not much different from the Note 7.
Very nice phone. Like new.
I absolutely love this phone. I purchased the Att version but I have it on Cricket service. I'm really pleased with this device.
I've had this phone for a couple weeks now and I've really enjoyed having it. It works well and I've loved having the stylus. Great phone, I recommend it.
Bought this phone as a replacement for my teenager's old Note 5 that was damaged. I grew tired of spending ridiculous amounts of money on the "latest and greatest" smartphones and intend to continue purchasing phones that are a generation or two behind current technology. I have been very satisfied with this purchase!
Great phone, looks and performs like it's brand new.
Awesome Phone, Works great!
worked great, but after clearing cache for facebook, facebook stopped working and there's no way to uninstall facebook so it can be reinstalledmost regular apps are installed as system apps and can't be uninstalledi wouldn't recommend this verizon version because apparently only this version does that s***tt
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! I have been wanting to upgrade to a note 5 and Gizmo Trader has GREAT DEALS! Very well packed, a durable box, instructions for first use, a Full 30 day warranty and contact numbers/email for customer care.....THe phone is Beautiful - I am so Happy! I am partial to the Samsung notes and this phone is just as described, FABULOUS!! I definitely REcommend this SEller if you are looking for a great phone, a great deal - again... I am a Happy gal! WooHOO!!
Unfortunately this review comes a little late in the game, and likely wouldn't have even happened had I not smashed my Galaxy S5. - Quick Background - I am in the tech industry by trade, and have been an android user since the Motorola Droid first arrived. My recording studio is exclusively Apple Products, though only out of necessity due to the software tools I create music with. (...and though I don't look down on the iPhone community, I personally would never choose to own one.) -I don't jump on the finance and upgrade bandwagon, so I haven't used the S6, S7, or S7 Note/PocketBomb. They are probably exceptional pieces of hardware, though the reason I clung so tightly to the S5 was sheer durability. It just worked for me, aside from being just a tiny bit small for my hands. If it hadn't met an untimely death leaping from my car, it would, no doubt, have required extensive counseling.Moving on-The Note 5 is a powerhouse compared to the Galaxy S5.The additional four (total eight) faster processor cores and additional ram (3Gb in all - S5 just 2) is more than a little noticeable. Multitasking is a snap for everything I do: Email/Text/Calls, Recording sound for later use, Maps, Ingress, Web Application like Soundcloud to manage the songs I post-...you get the idea. I'm not leeched to my phone constantly, but I am a heavy multitasker when I do. It also fits perfectly in my man-sized mitts. My thumbs are no longer cramped - but most importantly - no one will ever read this. Let's be honest - this is old tech now. I could perfectly detail through eloquent fervor the ample screen's lush vibrancy, or use teh bestest of internet wordz 2 tell u how gr8 the pics r ...or even just simply go over the camera features -like the lens' quick focus speed...Alas, you've all moved on to the new-new. So instead, I will sum up the phone in a Haiku that will live eternal via the interwebs long after I have been placed in the ground. Such is internet life: A vacant blip of Caligul-ain competition to be deemed valuable through written expression.In this case, an outdated, though not yet obsolete device designed to mask it's guardian from the concept of a life wasted.And now, your Haiku:Bountiful Specs,but no external SD.Purchase without Fear.
Fair price on a great phone, no problems, glad I did not opt for the note 7
Very fair price, great flawless quality for a refurbished phone. Works wonderfully! Only bummer was that it doesn't come with an SD card but thankfully that wasnt an issue or an extra charge for me thru my carrier
Love the phone. Arrived in great shape. Very pleased.
I love it! Phone is in better condition than describe!
Purchased this phone from LTE Warehouse as an Amazon Prime item.Item purchased: Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Black 64GB (Verizon Wireless) for $539.00 on Aug 30, 2016.Item was described as new, and appeared to be new when I unboxed it.Comments: Never, ever buy a phone from any of the major stores even if they are giving away the phone for "free". Free cell phones are for people who are bad with math. I am a current Verizon customer, but am no longer on a contract (am on month-to-month). I am also on a shared device plan. Verizon wants about $800 for this phone unless you sign up for a plan where they will give you the phone for free or $100 or so, along with adding $20 per month to your plan (at the time I checked, and for a 3 year contract (if carried to term that's $1,440 for the "free" phone). I paid $539 for this phone while keeping my current plan at no additional costs or connection fees. I switched from a Samsung S4 to this Note 5. Since the SIM card in the Note 5 (Nano SIM) is not the same size as the one with the S4 (Micro SIM), I could not just switch SIM cards. What you can do is go to your local *corporate* Verizon store and they will give you a SIM card FOR FREE and activate your new phone on the spot. If the clueless rep at the Verizon store tries to charge you, tell them Verizon tech support said the SIM card would be free at a corporate Verizon. Ask in advance.IMPORTANT NOTE: I bought this phone and it was defective. The back button worked for a few hours, started to flake out, then the back button no longer worked at all. The back button would only work with the stylus pen. After googling it, there was a batch of the Note 5's that had this issue. I contacted LTE Warehouse and they *promptly* returned my money along with giving me a free postage sticker to mail phone back to them. I then received the replacement phone. BUT IF THIS HAPPENS TO YOU, here's the procedure you need to follow BEFORE you return a Note 5 phone to any supplier. If you do not follow this procedure, the supplier will charge you about $50 to bypass the google security lock feature on the phone.Device protection in Android Lollipop 5.1 is enabled automatically when the following two criteria are met:there is at least one Google account on the device.the lock screen security must NOT be none or swipe.There is no option to disable device protection on the phone.But if any one (or both) of the two conditions is not met, device protection in Android Lollipop 5.1 will be automatically disabled.In other words, you can try any of the following tricks so that you can bypass device protection on Android Lollipop 5.1 BEFORE you do a factory data reset:remove all Google accounts on the phone before factory data reset.set lock screen security to none.set lock screen security to swipe.**** if you don't do the above before you do the factory reset and ship the phone back, you will have to pay $50 for someone to do this ***************visit youtube dot com slash watch?v=DJ8_qbj1DPQ for more information on this security feature.
Love this phone. Easy to use and light. A bit on the large size.
Excellent product, "like new". Really meant like new, no flaws or signs of use.Activated with no problems after getting sim card at Sprint dealer for no charge. Will buy from red cell again!
This phone will prpbably not explode in your pocket and I really like mine a lot. Fast, light and stylish. Lack of an additional SD card storage slot is a negative. Only really minor issue is with the fingerprint unlock function which is more of a software problem.
excellent phone
Great phone. I prefer 6" screens, but this works for now on Verizon.
Excellent phone, great connectivity and sound quality. I've been told on the other side of phone conversations about the clarity of sound when I use this phone. I utilize 2 phones this Note 5 and a Samsung Galaxy S6, one for business and the other for personal use. Also an important distinction is the battery life of the Note vs the S6, the Note has up to 2.5× more use time than the S6. I plan on selling my S6 and purchasing another Note 5, I highly recommend this phone.
Love this phone. I had the NOTE 2 and 4. The NOTE 7 got recalled so I got the Note 5. Can't find one thing I don't like. Finger Print security is good. I use Samsung Pay all the time. Wireless charging is great.
Samsung Note 5 is as good as Note 7 without Iris scan and the edge apps but just about everything is as near perfect as the Note 7 without having to worrying about the batter issue.I had the extra Note 7 S-Pan and I changed the tip and it feels better then the original tip from Note 5.Note 7 S-Pen doesn't fit in the Note 5 because it's little shorter and the dimple at the front side is on further back.As long as the original S-Pen is not in the Phone, I could use the Note 7 S-Pen and Note 5 S-Pen back and forth.AT&T had multiple updates and that took about an hour to get all the update to be installed (I was installing other apps at the same time).I tried the AT&T Setup and Transfer but didn't work so I used the Smart Switch to restore all my settings and some files from Note 7 and S7 edge. Samsung Pay, Knox, Samsung+, Samsung Focus, S Translator and Good Lock apps works as good as from S7 edge and the Note 7,The Note Series are little slower than the other Samsung Galaxy Series but it's better than the Note 1, 3 and the Note 4, I had used previously. Little bigger than the S7 edge and the Note 7 and the other thing I like about the Note 5 is it's flat screen (almost) instead of curved edge like Note 7, I couldn't use my S-Pen as easy as the flat screen on Note 5. 2 of S-Pen options like Magnify and the GIF creator is not available directly from the Air Command but there is an app you can use to create GIF.I like the round edge on the back side but it's finger print magnet and smudges on every touch (like Note 7 and Galaxy S7 and edge). In few days I will receive the S-View Folio and I will use the Samsung 128GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive Duo as a external drive, [USB & Micro USB 2 in 1] Rocketek Mini Micro SD Card Reader, and Tempered-Glass Screen Protector 2.5D Round Edge. Until the New Note 8 comes out next year this Note 5 will do just "Perfect!".
I love this phone. Very fast and great screen size. Super responsive. Makes my old S4 seem like a Model A
Yes,love it
The phones was in excellent condition :)
it is new and amazing
Love it. So much faster than note 4, and I don't mind that it doesn't have a removable battery or an SD card. Just make sure you get the 64gb if you need more storage. If you have more than that you should get a storage account.
Good
Excellent product. Probably the best note yet. Works perfectly and very satisfied with the item.
could not say enough about the solid and almost perfect ability of this phone both physically and technically sound telecommunications equipment. my only downfall is that there was not any extension slot for this phone as far as memory and if you work this phone as hard as I do with aps and overloading it tends to over heat. couldn't imagine if I worked or lived in a hot environment.
great phone
Awesome! As promised condition,...with a piece of mind of being able to return within 30 days! Thanks!
The Galaxy Note 5 is working out to be just what I was looking for. As I said in the title for this review the Note 5 is proving to be almost as good as the Note 7 and it's one big feature is that it won't burst into flames in my pocket.
Very please with my purchase considering that the Note 5 is on back order with Samsung and I had to give my Note 7 back. I love the Note product it makes my life easier!!
This item excellent not like new.thanks
Great phone. Great condition. Highly recommended.
I purchased this phone to replace my Samsung Note 7, that was recalled. Prior to the Note 7, I had the note 4. I have to say that this is a great phone even coming down from the Note 7. While I prefer the edge features of the Note 7, I am able to do everything I need S-pen wise with this phone, it is fast, has great features, and it is rumored that some of the Note 7 features will be coming to this phone. It also has Samung Pay which I have grown to love with my Note 7. This is a premium phone that feels great in your hands. I have the sprint version of this phone and it can be unlocked for any carrier easily. If you are looking for a stylus phone, this is the one to get. My only complaint is it does not have expandable memory, but I have noticed that even though this is only 32GB I am finding I am not pressed for space, since I do use a lot of cloud services and storage.
The good: the phone arrived in 2 days as promised. It looks great, etc.The bad: this phone does not come with a SIM card. No SIM card, no activating. Apparently, unlocked phones, in general don't come with SIM cards.Now, I'm trying to find where you can buy one that will be compatible with the Note 5, 32GB (Sprint). I've been told Sprint will send one to me for free, so I really hope that's true (I already have an account with them...trying to replace the old phone with this one).I'll leave another review if/when I can get the SIM card.**UPDATE 12/6** I was able to get a new SIM card from Sprint for free, & it arrived the next day. I LOVE this phone. I have had no issues. I had originally purchased the Note 7 through Sprint back in August, then the first recall happened. I received a replacement device, only have that one recalled as well. I was really disappointed, but have been very happy with the Note 5. I have yet to discover the difference from the Note 7, which makes me very happy.
Love this phone, slim and perfect to slip into my back pocket or small purse. Works great!
I love this phone it's a lot like the galaxy s5 that I replaced but a few more futures and settings and easy to work with. But it does not have the SD card slot and a non-refundable battery back. It takes great pictures and vedio and I belive it's a bit louder in volume then my galaxy s5. This was a great buy even if you can't remove the back and don't have a sd card slot, I've found ways around it .
Great phone, bad battery, please send me a new battery..I'll give you all 5 stars..
Great
Nice phone. I like a lot of the improvements from the note 3 I had. This phone is more user friendly. Some of the down sides are: You cant remove the rear cover which means you cant add a memory card or change the battery. The rear cover of the phone is very slippery which makes it hard to hold with confidence.
loved it, it arrived in very good condition.
Arrived ahead of time. Perfect condition. LOVE the color and phone. Operates seemlessly.
Beautiful phone! works great connected to sprint no issues or hassle. Love cellular edge great company to buy a cell from
This is one of the best phones that I have had. The battery life is the main attraction for me. On a full charge, it will go all day. The screen is also very clear.
Great phone
Better than expected. Really good phone. The cameras ate really good and it runs well haven't had any issues with it so far. Only complaint is that it charges slow but that could just be my charger.
Exactly as described
I have mixed emotions about this device, while it is easy on the eyes, it's just not practical for daily use unless you spend $30-50 on a high end case, with good screen protector...this device is advertised as being water resistant for 2 meters for 30 minutes , which is complete and utter BS! I was in our pool for taking a picture and the phone died on me and it was never submerged...don't believe the hype with this phone...I wouldn't recommend this product to my friends! I'm an avid user of Samsung products but skip this purchase, buyer be warned!
No complaints, it arrived in a very timely manner. The phone was in very good condition. Overall very satisfied with this product and the company. Will order from them in the future.
Almost perfect experience. The S Pen broke in half when I went to pull it out of Note 5 phone within 48 hours of delivery, so I was forced to buy a new one from Samsung. Other than that it was great!
Great quality phone. Excellent customer service from Edge Cellular!!
Got it quick, in good condition, and was way better than buying it full price. It was missing the OEM charger, or any charger, but seriously, if you can't find at least a regular Micro USB charger kit, you sell the rock you live under and try these awesome new "Buildings" these homo sapiens are on about. They're the bestest!
It's pretty
Love it
Great fast .But the finger print reader did not work.
my mom loves it
AMAZING phone just the battery life sucks and in 3 hours I had to charge after using it.
Very Good!
Works perfectly fine for now still looks brand new I've had it for a couple of months now
Excellent phone. Would buy another refurbished phone from them.
I originally traded my Note 5 for the Note 7. With the Note 7 recall I needed a new device. Fortunately I found a good deal on a used Note 5, which was in like new condition.
GREAT DEAL
Awesome, When i got the phone it looked new, there was no indication that it was used. The phone was perfect but i got a charger that overheated and contacted the seller, and they replied and sent me two fast chargers, :) BUY IT NOW it perfect!!
Works perfectly and just as advertised.
The phone is working well.
Bought this for my Daughters 14th Bday - she loves it! It has no noticeable defects, scratches etc. It looks like it's brand new, not used or pre-opened. Was nervous it wouldn't be as good as advertised - but it really was! Thank you for providing an affordable alternative - great product/service!
Great phone
Great phone. I have opened every Note and this is the best one ever
One of the best phones ever made. From the screen to the battery life, so much of this phone is exceptional. However, its software leaves something to be desired unless if you've always had a Samsung phone. Android purists need not apply. Also, the speaker is pretty weak, but aside from that this is one of the best Android phones on the market. Not much different from the Note 7.
my earlier feedback was not correct because I did not understand the difference between GB storage and GB RAM. This is a wonderful phone and good price. I would buy again.
Working good...
This item works good
For my needs, a nice phone in most every aspect, ergo a 4 star rating...However, it does have a few short falls I see from the Internet are common in regards to these Samsung Note 4 Edge android phones. These being a relatively short battery life, at times operating at frighteningly High Temperatures, and most annoying of all...an apparent complete lack of ability to connect wirelessly to satellite devices via Blue Tooth. While for the first two limitations I have established satisfactory work arounds via the internet. Unfortunately, none of the proposed potential "fixes" I have researched and implimented from the online community thus far has resolved the "failure to communicate" via Blue Tooth challenge. While for me, not a show stopper, as regardless I plan to keep the phone, I suspect for many it would be, as it is very annoying to need to use wired head phones with a phone supposedly Blue Tooth capable...also, while I never use my phone while driving for listening to music or hands free purposes, and therefore this capability loss is not an issue...expect others would think differently/not be so forgiving in this regard.
All good
I have played with this phone all day since it arrived and so far I'm quite happy with it and it is definitely the best phone I have ever owned. The only thing I really have to complain about is that it didn't come with all the parts in the box. Instead of the Samsung charger I got an generic charger the kind that can be bought at Wal-Mart. However since I already have spares of all the parts anyway its no big deal.
This is technology at its best, arrive fast in good condition. Bluetooth work great. Use it at work, nice a clear. very good price. A show stopper to my friends. No problem, good starter phone with high quality. This one I wanted but my budget, brought me to it. Shipping packaging was excellent.
Love this phone only issue I have is I ordered a T-Mobile and received ATT phone but other than that perfect
Instantly fell in love with the phone. I purchased it used and it actually looks and works better then my edge 6 when u got it brand new.
Love this phone!!
Great phone fast delivery no issues so far!
Received as listed
Phone came perfect, no scratches or dings. No screen shadowing. My only issue I had was that the pens tip was missing, but luckily I had another s pen.
You will love this phone once you understand all it has to offer. I'm not a phone geek so I kept looking at mine for a while wondering where to start. When you start, you can use it for everything. Samsung, keep going - great product.
100% positive
It very good and easy to do thanks for supplying good product for customers.
Excellent phone. So far I've been very happy with it as a replacement for the Galaxy Note 2.
Excellent
I bought this for my wife. The phone looks brand new. My wife likes it a lot. If shes happy so am I.
It is brand new and doesn't disappoint. It does all the amazing things that today's does. I've had a chance to compare this to the newest model and this one is lighter, not much bigger than a regular cell phone, has all the bells and whistles that the latest and greatest has...minus the newest model recalls. This phone is a winner by all standards. No one can be disappointed with this phone and the price was excellent!
Great phone from a great seller...For now it is better than expected. Thanks
Perfect, in good condition as described
I love it and I wont to buy one more.
Had to go back to it. Missed the S pen but most of all missed the curves display functions that still can't be topped. Now with the Marshmellow version upgrade it's got everything the note 5 has and more!!
very good buy again
love my new phone,great buy,nice packaging and quality!just as described will be buying again from them in future
Working good...
This item works good
For my needs, a nice phone in most every aspect, ergo a 4 star rating...However, it does have a few short falls I see from the Internet are common in regards to these Samsung Note 4 Edge android phones. These being a relatively short battery life, at times operating at frighteningly High Temperatures, and most annoying of all...an apparent complete lack of ability to connect wirelessly to satellite devices via Blue Tooth. While for the first two limitations I have established satisfactory work arounds via the internet. Unfortunately, none of the proposed potential "fixes" I have researched and implimented from the online community thus far has resolved the "failure to communicate" via Blue Tooth challenge. While for me, not a show stopper, as regardless I plan to keep the phone, I suspect for many it would be, as it is very annoying to need to use wired head phones with a phone supposedly Blue Tooth capable...also, while I never use my phone while driving for listening to music or hands free purposes, and therefore this capability loss is not an issue...expect others would think differently/not be so forgiving in this regard.
All good
I have played with this phone all day since it arrived and so far I'm quite happy with it and it is definitely the best phone I have ever owned. The only thing I really have to complain about is that it didn't come with all the parts in the box. Instead of the Samsung charger I got an generic charger the kind that can be bought at Wal-Mart. However since I already have spares of all the parts anyway its no big deal.
This is technology at its best, arrive fast in good condition. Bluetooth work great. Use it at work, nice a clear. very good price. A show stopper to my friends. No problem, good starter phone with high quality. This one I wanted but my budget, brought me to it. Shipping packaging was excellent.
Love this phone only issue I have is I ordered a T-Mobile and received ATT phone but other than that perfect
Instantly fell in love with the phone. I purchased it used and it actually looks and works better then my edge 6 when u got it brand new.
Love this phone!!
Great phone fast delivery no issues so far!
Received as listed
Phone came perfect, no scratches or dings. No screen shadowing. My only issue I had was that the pens tip was missing, but luckily I had another s pen.
You will love this phone once you understand all it has to offer. I'm not a phone geek so I kept looking at mine for a while wondering where to start. When you start, you can use it for everything. Samsung, keep going - great product.
100% positive
It very good and easy to do thanks for supplying good product for customers.
Excellent phone. So far I've been very happy with it as a replacement for the Galaxy Note 2.
Excellent
I bought this for my wife. The phone looks brand new. My wife likes it a lot. If shes happy so am I.
It is brand new and doesn't disappoint. It does all the amazing things that today's does. I've had a chance to compare this to the newest model and this one is lighter, not much bigger than a regular cell phone, has all the bells and whistles that the latest and greatest has...minus the newest model recalls. This phone is a winner by all standards. No one can be disappointed with this phone and the price was excellent!
Great phone from a great seller...For now it is better than expected. Thanks
Perfect, in good condition as described
I love it and I wont to buy one more.
Had to go back to it. Missed the S pen but most of all missed the curves display functions that still can't be topped. Now with the Marshmellow version upgrade it's got everything the note 5 has and more!!
very good buy again
Working good...
This item works good
For my needs, a nice phone in most every aspect, ergo a 4 star rating...However, it does have a few short falls I see from the Internet are common in regards to these Samsung Note 4 Edge android phones. These being a relatively short battery life, at times operating at frighteningly High Temperatures, and most annoying of all...an apparent complete lack of ability to connect wirelessly to satellite devices via Blue Tooth. While for the first two limitations I have established satisfactory work arounds via the internet. Unfortunately, none of the proposed potential "fixes" I have researched and implimented from the online community thus far has resolved the "failure to communicate" via Blue Tooth challenge. While for me, not a show stopper, as regardless I plan to keep the phone, I suspect for many it would be, as it is very annoying to need to use wired head phones with a phone supposedly Blue Tooth capable...also, while I never use my phone while driving for listening to music or hands free purposes, and therefore this capability loss is not an issue...expect others would think differently/not be so forgiving in this regard.
All good
This is technology at its best, arrive fast in good condition. Bluetooth work great. Use it at work, nice a clear. very good price. A show stopper to my friends. No problem, good starter phone with high quality. This one I wanted but my budget, brought me to it. Shipping packaging was excellent.
Love this phone only issue I have is I ordered a T-Mobile and received ATT phone but other than that perfect
Phone came perfect, no scratches or dings. No screen shadowing. My only issue I had was that the pens tip was missing, but luckily I had another s pen.
You will love this phone once you understand all it has to offer. I'm not a phone geek so I kept looking at mine for a while wondering where to start. When you start, you can use it for everything. Samsung, keep going - great product.
Excellent phone. So far I've been very happy with it as a replacement for the Galaxy Note 2.
Love this phone! Using it with T-Mobile, but transitioning to StraightTalk (hopefully). Love everything about the phone (except the pen, maybe).
This phone is the best, I used it first with t mobile and then switch to straightalk and is the best.
I've been using this phone for over 2 weeks now and I love love love it! Was a bit apprehensive that it would be too big but turns out that the size is perfect for reading e-books and sending emails on the go. It is rather big though, to use with one hand, but the voice operation function takes care of that. Not too happy with the battery life as I had run out of juice twice, at midday, hence the 4 instead of 5 stars. However, I bought a car charger and may get a spare battery too to solve that. Overall, it is great both as a phone and as a small, lightweight, and handy tablet.
Just perfect for me! I use to have an iPad 1st generation and a Iphone but now this can replace both! I take a lot of notes, edit photos, take pictures.. and it's really confortable to write sms and even long e-mails aren't a problem! Just the battery could be a little better.
Looks very handsome (take the white one) and feels nice in hand.Love this product ... it is much more than a smartphone.I think it is more cost effective to get Galaxy Note than S3 for now ($580 vs. $680).
Need a device that can replace paper, has a large comfortable viewing screen for watching videos in HD, and is as stylish as the iPhone4S? Well, this is it!With it's 5.3 inch screen, this phone always catches someone's eyes. Everywhere I go people can't help commenting on it's size, trying out the useful S-Pen, and trying out the latest Android apps.Cons: It is possible that this phone will not fit comfortably in your pocket. The screen and back picks up smudges easily. Battery life is okay - without data I can use my phone for a day.
After months of researching on what phone to buy, i finally decided on the galaxy note. Received it yesterday (days earlier than the expected date), was a little bit shocked since the plastic which it was packed was opened although it was packed in a box. Automatically i reach for the phone and checked the seal if it was tampered fortunately it was still intact. I charged it and everything works fine. I tried to connect it to wifi since we have wireless internet but somehow it doesn't work. So today, went to at&t to have a line but still it can't connect to the web. They told me when they tried to scan the barcode of they phone it shows blackberry. They tried to adjust something in their system but still it doesn't work. I told them it must be the APN settings but they told me since the phone doesn't have warranty they don't want to change anything and they told me I can't use the net with this phone. When i got home i tried to check the APN settings but i can't seem to change it. So disappointed. I really love this phone and I want to make everything work. Can someone please help me how to resolve this problem?Is At&t the only network where this phone works?
Perfect Conditions got here even before the estimated arrival time! i didnt know it was gonna be so fast i am still exited!! imma keeo buying here!
Great Phone! I had the AT&T version of this previously, Thought I`d try a One X, Then I ended up with this:D I ordered it yesterday from Directly from Amazon Ordered around 6PM yesterday, Got it Today as 10am:) I got the overnight shipping! Great Phone, Fast!. Battery life of course is so so, as it was with the AT&T Version. Comes with REALLY Great Headphones.The only Grip, Is this WAS an International Phone, Amazon Must had thrown in an US adapter. I know that IM in THE USA, But I wanted the international Charger.Here is a unboxing (..)
Buy one of these for everyone in your family. This is the most amazing mobile device I have ever owned and I'm kind of a nerd ( I've had 6 mobile devices in the last 6 months).This will do everything that your tablet, phone and camera will do. If you like android then you need to buy this ASAP.
Love it
like the product. Came as describe. Fast shipping. Will recommend it to anyone. Nice phone
I bought this phone to use with the straight talk cell phone service. I was nervous since I have always used the phones that straight talk provides. I purchased an ATT sim card and it works perfect. I love love love it!!! Best cell phone I have ever owned. I am just so worried that I will drop it or something will happen to it. I wish that they had offered some sort of Insurance on it.
I order the unlocked version of this phone and I abesoluely love this phone and was very pleased with the service I recieved from both amazon.com customer service and seller tmh42790! So far I have no complaints and I honesly don't see how any can form. Now to this phone... HEAVEHN SENT!!!!!! If Jesus used a phone, it would be this! I love everything about it. From the camera to the s-pen. I cant think of one thing thats not awesome. Screen is crazy beautiful and the speed of this phone is super fast! I actually have been in areas that have basically no service whichs kicks me down to just basic service and this phone still manages to move way faster than my other phone. I AM SOLD!! I have been trying to figure out how I lived this long without it and how I will if I have to ever change! Thanks samsung!! This was a hit out of the park!
great phone, my besty still use it... performs well good battery life... my besty. Wide screen for clear viewing on line, larger touch screeen keyboard, more apps its just better phone.. my besty ;) kudos
Not being a hi-tech person, I had initial challenges trying to find my way on using it. But as I am getting the hang of it I am starting to enjoy it.But I cannot enjoy all the potential the phone has to offer, as the service provider is not up to scratch.
The phone is fast and very reliable. It does show a little bit of lag but nothing of concern.The thing I was more interested in when buying the Note was reading programming books in PDF. I do have a 10 inch (1024x768 px) tablet for reading those, but, because of the size, is not very portable or easy to hold. Books look a little sharper in the Note. The screen is small compared to the tablet, but I have good sight and can read almost any book without problems. I am thinking seriously about selling the tablet.
excelente producto y muy bello, llego en excelente condicion ningun desperfecto lo recomiendo en su maxima expresion, producto de muy buena calidad mil veces mejor que el iphone 5
Very light and pretty very thin awesome affects and everyone will hate on you because nothing is bigger than it other than a tablet
Theres nothing that aint been said about the G-Note that hasnt been said before. So I wont bother with it. This is the best phone for 2012 godamnittt!!! I wish the phone was a little bit bigger though. I just need a bigger screen........definitely bigger yo. I ordered the Galaxy Note but received the Note 2 instead. I guess, Im juss that damnnn lucky than. So for the ress of u........sorry bout yo damnnn luck!!! I know everyones heard of McDonalds slogan "Im Lovin It", thats how I feel about my G-Note too!!!After readin through some reviews where people said they done received boxes that hadt the seals broken already......well, that shiet made me nervous. But when my package arrived, my box had 3 seals on it and they was all intact. Heres some quick Pros n ConsPros:Big ass screenQuad Core = Fast as hellNo lagsSD Card expandable2 gigs of RAMJellyBean......though I prefer IceCream Sandwhich, I mean it literallyDid I mention...........big ass screenCons:Needs a bigger ass screenIm not a fan of the 16:9 Aspect Ratio
This international version of the Galaxy Note has not failed to impress, even among all my iphone using friends. The screen is large, yes, but amazingly beautiful and sharp colors. Very easy to change batteries if needed, and sim access is just under battery. I love the home button on this better than the USA version for AT&T as it's much easier to find. It came with Android ICS installed already, so no need to upgrade yet. It automatically switches between WIFI and my data plan with no issues.Only two things worth mentioning. Being as it is an "International" version, it doesn't come with an American style charge plug. However, the plug is easily removed from the cord and has a USB plug which can easily be plugged into PC or laptop for charging. I ordered a car charger online for a few dollars and it works great.When buying a case for this I chose a bookstyle model which takes the place of the rear cover. The USA and international versions apparently have different back covers, so I ordered mine from AmazonUK and it fit perfectly. I see some who bought from Amazon USA and had difficulties.
excellent travel companion. Good battery life in the hours. Lots of apps especially the maps for road gps is invaluable in new countries. Adobe made a mistake with stopping flash for it though.
Totally and utterly thrilled with my purchase. The Samsung Galaxy note looks as if it came direct to me today from Samsung and is brand new. One of the best buys ever off of Amazon, perhaps THE best.There was a slight mixup with shipping but the seller got involved personally and very professionally and instantly took care of the situation. I would buy anything this sellers has to offer if I need it. Very impressed with his personal approach, good manners, and concern for the concern.Excellent product, fabulous new condition, great customer service. Can't ask for better than that! Recommend this seller wholeheartedly!
The phone is working well and delivery was on time. Although its very hard to get any accessories for this module. If I only new this I would have brought the Note ll or lll
I love this phone. It's fun and has everything I need and more in a cell phone. It took a bit to get used to the stylus but it was so great I got the Note Tablet too.
This is a pretty good phone and the price I have is wonderful. The screen is even better than iphone.
This phone works as described. Can be used with t mobile and simple mobile sim cards. Shipping was fast and free. Date of delivery respected. I love this phone , just odered one for my sister. I recommend this phone to everyone who loves to ise amdroids or wanna switch to amdroid fones I won't regret.
Love this galaxy note. Thinking of buying another one for my wife. Wish the battery would last longer though. I would highly recommend any one who is looking for unlocked cell phone.
Now after more than 3 months I am still happy with the SGH-i717.I wish that I could erase some of AT&T stuff that I don't need such their Navigation (since I am T-Mobile customer). I can get 4G LTE screen is bigger than Galaxy S2 that I had previously. Compared to previous the only CON, you can't talk to Navigation to show you routes - only typing. Overall very happy withi the product and the money I paid for it.
Except for the battery life, this phone is perfect for my current needs. This is the best way for me to enter the smartphone arena.
i cant tell how excited i was to use my new phone, it was delivered safe and sealed.and im enjoying it.
EXCELLENT product. Excellent customer service. I could not be more happy with my purchase. I will use them anytime I need a phone or accesories. I will be telling all my friends and family what a great experience I had and suggest that they use them. I am one HAPPY customer!
So far It's Good .world Well no complaint. Great phone like I said.more capabilities. And fast to work with. Enjoy
Excenlent
Very good buy, I am satisfied.
It's great
Great phone😄
I love my little supercomputer and my ole tired eyes love the size. Delivered fast, works well and worked on crappy MetroPCS (but their service is not so good) and now on Aio, no problem. Less than half the price of the Note 3 but I do not know what it would do that I would want - this one does it all.
This phone is great. I have been using is for 3 mths now.It is unlocked as described and all you need to do is provide the sim card. It works very well and it is fast. It can play most games and other applications. I like that it has a lot of space As i download a lot of stuff.I have rather big hands and the keyboard on the screen is big enough to accommodate my fingers without making too many mistakes. The screen being big is also a good thing since it makes things such as text easier to see so you can do other things such as reading a book for example.The 8 mp camera takes great clear photos and the video isn't bad either.It comes with Android Gingerbread (v 2.3) but with the Samsung Keis software you can easily upgrade the phone to Jellybean (v 4.1.2)What I don't like about this phone is the the battery life is VERY poor.
Cool phone, still going strong by the day.Just got #AnkerBatteries as backup batteries.Overall, this is a great phone.
buenisimo
Phone was brand new and works better than the phone my mom got originally from AT&T. I only paid $80.00 more than what the phone insurance was charging us for a replacement and the replacement wasn't the same phone. :(
..its bigger than i thought it would be, but you get used to the size. Videos and pictures look huge! and it has gorilla glass... I'm in love with my new phone!
Tried the Notes 2,3 & the latest 4, and none came close to being as varied as the first Samsung Galaxy Note made.Love the Stylus (great for chubby fingers to use) and the Camera editing options are much more varied, almost limitless, and easy to figure out than the latest Notes; fantastic for tweaking & fine-tuning photography into artwork!I might have to buy another Samsung Note One, just to have ready for when (if ever) I need to replace the one I have.Love it! Love it!! Love it!!!
Love this device because it can be handled as a phone or a small tablet. It's is arguable that it is mainly a phone but its functions says otherwise. I use it as a tablet first for prodction, school work, etc. then phone secondary, for, of course, for communication/text, calls, etc. It is the a perfect size if you don't think of it as a phone only (and folks seem intimidated by "big phones").I won't get into the techncial specifics but basically, it's the same as Samsung Galaxy SII with little exceptions. I've upgraded to OS JellyBean, and love the extras in the stylus however, the stylus can go a little out of control on keyboards.I don't like how the power button is positioned exactly opposite the volume control on the other side of the phone. I clasp the device, using my thumb to powerup/down but find that my other four fingers are latched onto the volume control. Hard to keep away from, so it calls for using 2 hands (which I'm trying to avoid if I'm not using it as a tablet). S Note app is a bit annoying. I don't need to use a template but it won't let me create a note without one (at lease I haven't figured out how to control that yet).Nevertheless, the device runs and displays my applications very well. I am encouraged to watch Netflix, and run bigger apps with ease. Battery runs out at normal rate (depending on what you run and how long) but I'd suggest backup batteries when you know a powersouce wll not be accessible.
I love the size for internet use. Don't need to use a notepad got it all in one package deal. Internet connection is fast. Camera well it's okay but i was mainly interested that it's a phone, notepad and camera, internet use, well i can go on. love it! :)
It came pre-loaded with Android 4.0.4.Everything un-tampered (unlike my copy of "The Last of Us".I'm disappointed in the 3-D rendering but its great.I don't like the flash for the camera. It sucks, as compared to using an actual camera (which I will be sticking to now sadly.)I have no complaints of it. Its perfect.Too lazy to type more. I hope you enjoy.
im not sure how Samusng galaxy would look like.right now i have the Android phone i really dont like it because the battery dies on me every secong. im hoping the galaxy wont act like the andorid phone ); i dont know what rate to give the galaxy because i did not get it yet and im waiting for it .im still crossing my finger .
I've been an iPhone user for the last 4 years, but when my 3gs finally crapped out for good I researched long and hard and settled on the Note. I LOVE it. It's easy to use and I love the size. It feels solid in my hand. It seems screaming fast compared to my old iPhone, too. UPDATE on 8/16: The first one I received had internal antenna issues, but I sent it back and got another one that works perfectly! I've had the phone for a couple of months now and have had no problems using it on T-Mobile and I am getting 4g LTE speeds whenever they are available. Love this phone!
once you go note there's no going back to anything with a smaller screen!!! I love this phone, after update runs like a champ...better than iphone, nokia, tablets, soooooo happy!!!
Overall a great phone its not the most new note but it gets the job done the software update made it like a note 2 so overall I am happy with my debice
Phone is a little bit slow.. well, compared to my Galaxy S3 anyway. It is good enough for my daughter though and I could survive with it as well f I had to. I kept having to clear the rams because something or another would freeze up and I didnt even install and market apps yet. The only ones on my phone were pre-installed. I do like the stylus feature however! Maybe one day I can afford to get the new model Note which I am sure runs faster and has all the bugs and kinks ironed out by now.
Great phone. Its huge. Definitely a huge upgrade from my last phone!!! I would reccomend to buy just don't use T-mobile for your service lol. Horrible coverage
Honestly, I could not have asked for a better phone. If you think android is good, wait until you buy this phone. Do not be afriad of its size. Iphone and galaxy s5 compare nothing to this. If you want something more "genuine" buy the actual note 3, still do not know the difference, but overall this phone is the best!
it was good (I use "was" because someone slammed it to the ground and it broke), but the only thing I don't like about this is that it doesn't have chinese as a language. Since I bought this for my father, he can't read english and so I had to download 3 other apps to change most of the phone to chinese.
The first phone I received seemed to be defective and would not let me get calls or use some of its features but since I sent it back and received a new one the phone works exactly as it should.
the product came on time and in perfect condition. it was, no doubt, BRAND NEW! so scratches no nothing. i love my new phone so much. amazon and phone is trusted and there is no risk.my phone is everything i wanted. despite the battery life. but all in all its beautiful and i got all my friends drooling over it.THANK YOU SO MUCH PHONE MAX AND AMAZON!
Great phone even better that its unlocked I could take a right to the AT&T store and set it up as a go phone with no contract people constantly make comments on the phone all the time asking me what is that the size is great it takes great pictures I'm very happy with it
I love the size. It is so easy to text with and not at all difficult to maneuver as a phone. The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating is that when I unplug it from the charger it takes a few seconds for the screen to "wake up". If I try to go to the home screen it doesn't do anything.
Hi Amazon , I bought two Samsung galaxy note i717 to you, but I would like to put Trade square protection plan for 2 years on my phone. PLEASE
This cell phone screen is amazing, with s pen, i can use it for emailing and the camera is good.
I've been eyeing this phone for awhile now and I must admit it didn't look as big until I actually held it in my hand. WOW! I don't think I could go back to a small screen again. Everything was fine with the phone however my GUARANTEED shipping day which was suppose to be the next day didn't happen. I ordered the phone on a thursday. I was suppose to receive it by friday. I didn't have the phone in my hand until Monday. UPS tracking said it was in my home town and it said it was on the truck for delivery by friday and of course I was excited but it didn't actually arrive at my house until after the weekend. that was LAME. Amazon's tracking service was not updating my package status so I went to the official UPS website and imputed my tracking info and it stated that it would be delivered monday while Amazon's tracking said it on the truck out for delivery the whole weekend. Other then the shipping the phone was great but I wouldn't have paid for next day shipping if I wasn't going to get it the next day.
nice
Bye bye iPhone. After much research and many questions to users of others brands, I settled on this phone. I've had it for about 10 days now and after getting used to a new system have come to thoroughly enjoy it. Placed a call to my older (late 70's) sister who picked up the phone saying, "I can hear you! Your voice is so clear." 'Nuff said.
Love this phone got it on the Straight talk network. It came with no SIM card, so I ordered a Straight Talk SIM card from All Cellular of Irving TX on Amazon and phone works awesome, good battery life and many cool functions. I also got an Otter case for it, and this is a must !! Fast shipping by this company.
I love this little phone because it is so handy and will do everything my larger 10 inch tablet does, but is also a phone and a lot easier to carry around.. The video is so clear and this is large enough to do email or text comfortably. I highly this even if you don't get phone service because you are still able to do everything with the Wifi component AND if you have Magic Jack like I have you can get the Magic Jack app and still use it as a phone whenever you are around a Wifi source.
Totally satisfied with my order. The package arrived almost instantly and the product was up to my highest expectation. I am very glad to have such an amazing product as Samsung Galaxy Note in addition to my other gadgets. The Note is very handy while traveling by plane. Not bulky and the screen wide enough to watch even movies. :) Recommend!
Really like this phone. Wish I had gotten a smartphone years ago. I wasn't aware there were other versions but this one is good for what I need.
Awesome phone! great apps and just awesome!!! I love it. Got the best apps and a very fast phone overall
it is awhsome ' no problem's turned into a straight talk very simple ; thankyou for a great phone ; for enyone looking to get everything and no contract go for it
This product is wicked!! Fast phone, long lasting battery and nice screen size!!! Also the audio and picture quality are really HD
This is the first unlocked phone I purchased so I was a little nervous about if and how well it would work. It turns out that it works great. All I had to do was get a SIM card from my cell phone provider and it fired right up and works great.I love the big screen with a stunningly detailed HD display. Apps run great without any lag at all.
I really liked the phone but it usually freezes , the only thing i dint like was the delivery it took TEN days to get here !! and it had to get here 1-3 business days ;/but overall its a good phone and im happy with it.
I had The HTC Inspire before i bought this phone. I had been searching for a phone because mine was not work the way it should be. I saw this one and I thought it had a lot of great features. I read the reviews before i purchased it. I kept seeing other people ay that the battery dies a little fast. Yes, that is true. BUT that is the ONLY bad thing I don't like about this phone. This phone works so well. The screen is big ad the features are great. My advice for others that hate having a phone where the battery dies, get back up batteries. I bought and extra pair of batteries so I wouldn't have to worry about my phone dying in a random place, when i needed it the most. This pone is really nice phone. If you've had an android before, this is really easy to navigate. I recommend this phone, especially to phone that are iphone users. I also had an iphone and i loved it but i love this one WAY better.
This is a great phone. It can do everything just right. Reception is very good. This product came quicker than they said and came exactly the way they described. I recommend to all.
Only negative to this phone is lack of message alert light. Have to turn screen on with power button to check for messages. Otherwise I love everything about the phone and using with Straight Talk.
I must say I am extremely happy with this purchase. The phone it self is worth every penny. I honestly love all the apps it comes with and the options it gives you for sms etc. The camera is great it takes hd quality pictures & video cam is the same. I skype on the phone frequently and the front facing camera is great as well my video is clear on skype. The phone worked perfectly on the straight talk network, I just bought the sim card from straight talk and the 45 dollar unlimited bundle and was able to activate the phone with ease the only thing is that once you activate this phone on the straight talk website your call and texting will work however to get on their data network you must update ur apn setting to straight talk but not to worry its very easy to do so just contact straight talk like I did and they will guide you from there and it will only take you around 5 minutes total and there you are done and can enjoy your phone fully. Your welcome. P.S I would call in the early morning because they close at 12 in the afternoon eastern time. But over all this is a great phone with exellent features especially like the stylus pen, I really enjoy using it because its fun and conveintent.
It really comes with ICS and its upgradeable to Jelly Beam by Kies. It's fast, big but thin, high resolution.....all I look in a phone.
I was worried that being unlocked would not be enough because I was not using AT&T as my cell provider. I was wrong. It has truley exceeded all of my expectations. The only thing I can't get it to do so far is to update with new software, via Kies Air.
I bought this unlocked phone & absolutely love it, it works with the Straight-talk bring your own phone program & when setting this up with straight-talk, it even has 4G LTE that works!! I am so happy with this phone, it's more than what I thought it would be and some other reviewer's complained of things such as lag with the S-pen (stylus) and I have not had any of those issues. Everything was packed well in the UPS box & the phone was brand new, never been used and factory unlocked as listed. Best money ever spent on a phone thus far.
From reading ALL of the reviews before I bought this phone, I wasn't convinced. Most of the reviews left for this phone let me down. I was very pleased to find a phone with great specifications and an unbeatable price, but reading the reviews made me think twice.. I took my chances and bought the phone which it shipped in 3-4 days of purchase. When I opened it, the phone was in its original packaging plus they threw in a FREE pair of earphones. My carrier was tmobile and it worked fine when I inserted my sim. Everything was just as i hoped! Then the battery life was acting up. The battery just drains by itself....it may be due to the gigantic screen, so buy a 3000mah battery just in case. I love the phone and NO it's not slow...it's amazingly fast....I suggest you buy "new" from LUCKY BUY RETAILERS. ~ Dawit
Good buy for the money. It worked as advertised and in good condition.it is good to go for international use and travel.
I put a bigger battery on it now I love it I did not need all the att ju k on it.
This is a good phone and takes very good pictures, i would highly recommend this phone especially for international use
Love it, love it. I can't say enough about this phone. It's stylish and big like I like it. I get so many compliments on this phone.
Only complaint is that I can't find the fm tuner setting. And that's my complaint not hers. Otherwise a great but huge phone.
I really like the Samsung Galaxy Note phone. I've gotten some ribbing about its large size but it works very well for those of us over 60, making it easy to read and type. If you deposit checks using your smartphone, it works much better at taking the pictures of the check than my tablet. The sound is good on the phone, both for me a nd the caller. Since it is pretty thin, I purchased a case right away for protection. The seller has excellent customer service. I called, left a message and they returned my call quickly. They also helped me get connected to my service provider even when my provider couldn't. (Consumer Cellular)
I like to a feet back for u guy my samsung galaxy note it perfect event I cant use yet but I know nothing happens when I stard use thank u
Great parchase ..
:-)
Good
love it
These products superve Very, very satisified. Couldn'task for any greater service anywhere. I would recommend these products and your service to everyone. Great job great service. Keep up the great work. George R. Downs, Emerson, Geoorgia
Everything is true..I am using T-Mobile and 4G LTE works fine.I like everything except battery issue. After I updated to 4.1.2 Jellybean, battery drains much faster than before.You need extra backup battery.I know that Firmware 4.4 Kitkat is on its way so hopely it will fix the problem.I definitely recommend to anyone need great smartphone
Receive the phone on time. Had a bit of a issue with the Sim card and the seller work with me to get the unit working. Ultimately it was a Metro PCS Sim card issue and once I got the appropriate Sim I was able to start using my phone. Michael was very helpful getting my phone working and not only will I recommend the seller but look forward to work with them in the future. I LOVE MY NEW PHONE !!!!!!!
I give 5 star because it is a very nice phone. It has everything I wanted in a cell phone. I like the size because when I suft the web and read my email its like a little tablet. But when I used it as a phone, is little to big for me. I have to get use to it.Es muy bonito y tiene todo lo que deseo en un cellular. Me gusta mucho su tamano porque puede ver mejor mi correo y navegar en la red. Lo siento un poco muy grande cuando hago llamadas pero con el tiempo me acostumbrare a el.
Love every thing about this great phone EXCEPT IT RUNS HE BATTERY DOWN faster than Mario Andretti drives. The power consumption is astronomical, even with every thing shut off (blue tooth - wifi - gps -) still like what it does when I want it to.
I, realy like the phone has 4g LTE it nice to have wifi stong signal larg screen good camera easy to used
Holy SUGAR, HONEY, ICE, TEA! This i717 is AWESOME! I already gotten it Rooted. Deleted most of the Bloatware, AT&T apps mostly. I use this Phone/Tablet for movies purpose mostly. My Better-Half loves her movies on it. With a screen size over 5 inches, who wouldn't. The price was very good as well, for $307.00 with S&H included. Came brand new & unlocked, so you can use it with any Carrier that uses a regular Sim Card. The package came a ith all the necessary standred items, like USB Cable, Charger & instruction booklet. Very fast response, came with 4.0.4 I upgraded it to 4.1.2 without any upgrade though AT&T network, very nice colorful bright screen, easy to hold in your hand(s), if you have medium or large hand(s). It is just a great phone/tablet. S&H was bad, just came a day late, no problem!
does what is says on the tin this is value for money, a good phone although the model is somewhat dated
Received absolutely brand new phone from seller "Wireless Extra". This phone is unlocked as described. And the screen is huge, sharp and clear. HD movies play beautifully. Came with the latest Jellybean 4.1.2 installed, awesome!Yes, for many of you who wanted a prepaid phone, it works for Straight Talk (AT&T Sim Card) and T-Mobile. I tried on both networks and all have 4G LTE speed. Great I ditched my Sprint and go for prepaid plan, saving lots of money. I'll give MetroPCS a shot after I'm done with Straight Talk. Will update how MetroPCS network speed.Run Speedtest.net on ATT and T-Mobile 4G LTE hit over 10Mbps without any problem. I have better LTE rate on T-Mobile than AT&T.However it does have some flaws as well - Bloatware, a lot of them. AT&T preloaded bunch of their home brewed bloatware. They eat up tons of internal memory. Unless you rooted your phone and removed those unwanted apps, you just have to live with them and they do drag the overall performance.You will see lags when you launch phone dialer or switching between apps. Considering it's a 2-year-old phone with just dual core and 1GB RAM, I can live with that for a sub $300 price phone.Battery life is miserable. It couldn't even last 8 hours of normal usage. Need to charge everyday and in the car to keep it floating.Overall this is definitely a great phone for it's quality and price. Highly recommended.Updated: Called MetroPCS and tried to use their service. What a joke, their customer said my phone is still locked! I have been with T-mobile prepaid and Straighttalk and no problem at all. That's why this company is dead and bought by T-mobile. You can't activate the SIM Card online and you need to call them and the customer service knows nothing. Hello, this is year 2013 and people still need to call to activate a service and nope you can't do it online.
4 weeks so far no problem. it does not come with the micro sd card. but you can buy one cheap on Amazon. lets hope it works overseas.
Nice phone.
very good I love it. no problem. I have S.sung 3 weeks now .
Nice phone
Used it about 2 years now. So far so good.
The phone is great. It has great features. I recommends if you to buy Galaxy phone, this Will be the best for you.
item has a lot of features and I love it, I really don't have much to say this is it
Exactly what I needed. Great! This worked perfect for my phone it fit wonderfully. It is exactly what I needed after I lost my old back to my phone.
Received the phone, in Good condition fast ship too: - The phone is wonderful screen is great! I love the larger screen as I don't have to wear my glasses to read the text when made larger, responsiveness is fantastic, no lag. I had to purchase an ATT compatible sim card to get the MMS and Internet working on the road. But if you have a straight talk phone with a regular sized SIM card, it will work till you can order the proper one, your phone and text without pictures will work, but the internet and mms will not. I love the phone only had it a week thus far but it is working like a champ.
After a week of jacking around with Straight Talk, I finally got the correct Sim Card to use, which by the way is an AT&T Compatible, Regular Sized Sim Card...also called the "Mini-Sim." It's helpful to know that this card is "25mm x 15mm." After you select either AT&T or T-Mobile, you get to choose Micro or Regular Sized Sim for AT&T. T-Mobile only offers the Regular Sized Sim, they don't use the "Micro Sim," at least with Straight Talk they don't.I downloaded the Straight Talk APN program but never could get it to work properly. I had the settings already written down so it was easy to just do it myself. If anyone has any questions about the APN settings, feel free to ask while fresh in my mind.There has been no weirdness about anything on this phone....everything works perfectly. I just love the big screen and the way videos look. I feel privileged to have gotten such a nice phone. When ordering it from Wireless Experts, they guarantee the phone as new and state what's in the box. They're also are partnered with Amazon so I felt I made a good choice. It's true what they say about the battery using up a lot of juice. I'm going to try some alternative measures to see if that helps the battery. Time will tell. I'll check back in periodically and let you know if it's still going good.See my update below this post about learning I had a 1 Year Samsung Warranty on Parts and Labor.
I bought the Galaxy Note SGH-i717 for my wife as a way to replace her 3 year old "plain" cell phone. She'd seen me using my work-provided Droid X2 for the past two years, and was finally fed up with the tiny thing she was using. Plus AT&T was charging her a premium for every text message that she would receive since her plan was voice-only.The Note arrived in brand-new condition, and a power cable with a microUSB connector, along with a pair of ear buds were included in the box. However, it did NOT come with a microUSB data cable, so I was fortunate that I could use the one that came with my Droid X2.I put the battery in the phone and powered it up. After the AT&T splash screen went away and the home screen appeared, I checked the settings and verified that the phone had Android "Ice Cream Sandwich" loaded on it. So the very next thing I did was make sure the battery had a sufficient charge to handle an update to the Android OS, then I downloaded and installed a program called "Samsung Kies" on my laptop. That program detected the phone and notified me that an upgrade to Android "Jelly Bean" 4.1.2 was available, so all I had to do was hit okay and leave the phone connected to my laptop while the program took care of the update.30 minutes later the phone was updated and everything looked fine. The appearance of the user interface is just like the one on my wife's Samsung Galaxy Tab 2, which thankfully meant a smaller learning curve for her. The response time was quicker than I would've imagined for a 2 year old phone, and the depth of color and the crispness of the display was fantastic. I connected the phone to the house wi-fi and began the process of updating every app on the phone as well as downloading stuff I knew she'd want.A gripe I had at this point was the amount of AT&T branded software that was on the phone, with their icons cluttering a couple of the screens. I did what I could to clean out as much of the icon clutter as possible since I couldn't uninstall the software, then began the process of migrating her cell service from AT&T to Straight Talk. The migration process was not without its issues since I had to be sure my wife knew her pin, etc on her AT&T account before we could even attempt to move her number over. Fortunately we got that resolved quickly, and then we followed the instructions in the Straight Talk "BYOP kit" that we bought from Walmart to complete activation of the SIM and the porting of her phone number.During the process of the migration, the Straight Talk website advised that it could take anywhere from 2 hours to 2 days to complete the transfer from AT&T. Fortunately for us, however, it only took about 90 minutes to get service up and running on her phone, and yes, I was able to verify that she was getting 4G LTE speeds.We were also warned that if we let our service lapse with Straight Talk, my wife would lose her phone number. Since we'd just gone through all that trouble to port it over, we decided to enable the auto-refill option (requires a credit card) and also installed the Straight Talk app (available for free on Google Play) so that we could keep track of her service status.From a usability standpoint, one of the biggest things I've noticed over the past 24 hours is that the battery charge gets consumed rather quickly. I'm not sure if it was due to the fact that we had wi-fi enabled or not, but within 5 hours I was plugging the phone in to charge it. Charging took about 90 minutes to complete, which was refreshing since my Droid X2 takes 2-3 hours, but an hour later her phone's battery charge level was at 81%. Others have mentioned this problem, so I know we're not alone here.Still, I'm hoping there's something that can be done, short of rooting the phone and uninstalling the bloatware, to improve battery life and efficiency. (Note: While I've seen that a bigger battery is available for the phone, its reviews were rather poor) Alternatively, I may have to give her one of those portable charging units that she can use to extend battery life when she's not near a plug-in. I use a "Photive Powerbank" for my Droid X2, for example and it lets me double my use time between actual chargings.Overall, the phone itself is fun to use and has far better capabilities than my wife was expecting for her first smartphone. She loves the big screen and has already sent a multitude of free texts to at least one of her friends. Given the price of the phone and the power it has, the Note should serve her needs much better and cheaper than if we had gotten a newer phone from a provider and tied ourselves to a 2 year contract.
excelente telefono, muy completo y funcional
The phone is great, works perfectly.But there is a little shortage with the charger portOther than that two thumbs up
it is a great phone.
Great product and seller
It's ok
Phone was like new.It was unlocked just like stated in the details and was shipped in the perfect amount of time!!
i love it this phone it has the biggest screen ever.. & i like that it comes with a pen thanks imthebest
This phone is supposed to be brand new, but it has got scratches on the screen. I was short changed
This arrived yesterday at 3. I had it setup on Straight Talk by 4. That includes internet and picture messaging. If you cant do this in an hour you shouldn't own unlocked phone. Will chime in in a month or so with how it works over time.
excellent
muy bueno
Awesome product!
The phone is ok except it wont register my chip. I kept having to take out the battery and reinserting the chip in different ways until ut reads. Very frustrating and time consuming! Once it reads though, it works well!
Ok, i really want to say that i was a little skeptical about this because of the price it was to cheap to be true, so i was surprised when i received the package on Nov 20 the first day of the estimated time and it was in a clean envelope and the cell phone was brand new with all the stickers and everything sealed in their own bags just like if i would it buy it direct from the store, the phone works nicely and i am glad i choose to get it here, the phone came with batteries, charger, and note pen. I'm very happy with the cell phone. Thank you very much!!!
Works well
very good condition
Love the phone
Very good phone
I brought this phone cause I'm movin to Europe I love it I want another one
Good backup phone
Did not include note pen! Very disappointed.
Easy to use. And even if you could find the 3rd model on the marketplace, you'll get several similarities. All the principal and more.
I don't remember the description saying it was an At&t. Everything else works just fine! Thanks! Please put a FULL detailed description next time.
The phone runs fantastically and love that its big but not to big to fit in my pocket! Highly recommend it!
I like the phone. It was just what I was looking for in an upgrade. Yet, I was disappointed to know that the reason why the image of the phone in the above photo does not show the front of the screen; because it's actually an AT&T phone! The AT&T logo is on the front of the screen, and I was expecting to use the phone on verizon network. I went with another company besides ATT using a sims card since it needed one. Disappointed that the seller didn't specify these phones are programed by ATT and come in ATT boxes. FYI. But it does work with a sims card and I haven't had any problems with it. Thank the Lord.
It came very good with only a little paint scratch on the S-Pen, and the battery life is rather short, so i would recommend this and to buy a new battery with it
Shopped with this provider before. This time was nothing short of awesome. My sister loves her new phone and that's all I could ask for.
This deal was not supposed to be for me, because it's a AT&T phone -and I'm on T-Mobil; but the seller made it work, and I'm satisfied. I don't want to mislead any potential buyer, so i'l say be aware of the carrier, because the phone still tries to connect with AT&T ever so often. but it's working fine with my T-Mobil plan.I appreciate the Turbo Tunes efforts to resolve my issue.
For one thing I use Straight Talk, and in my area T-mobile phone sims do not work. Thankfully, the operator told me, and placed the order for the right sim card for my area. My husband and grandkids say, "wow, that's a big phone!" But I like it because I can actually hit the right letters for texting and dialing. plus it has it's own little pen thing that is carried right inside the phone. easy to get out and text faster. I got the fold over case for it which was just delivered last night. I think I'm going to like that better than the clam case I got at first. It made it feel really bulky and big. I was so afraid of dropping and breaking it. I want it well protected. I think it's perfect for me.... at this time. If anything changes, I'll update my review.
Everything is as expected. Thanks
I ordered two of these phones brand new and the products arrived on-time and in good condition. It has been working well with my straight talk account and I have not had ANY ISSUES other than the battery life on the phone I use runs out within a day. I don't use my phone much during work hours (8-5pm) and by the time I leave work, I have to recharge it in my car on the way home. I even have the phone set to battery saver and followed all the instructions to preserve my battery, but still needs recharged by the end of the day. Everything else about the phone is pretty awesome.
Bought this for my wife because she took my smartphone. The screen is big and very easy to see, therefore she doesn't use the pen that much. She loves her new smartphone, and so do I ... wish I had one. (sniff, sniff) maybe xmas, fathers day, anniversary ...
excellent product, useful and practical
It was fast and early, the phone was brand new. But the phone was open
This is byfar the best phone i ever purchased if it stays in tact which im sure it will i will have this phone for many yrs still. The phone has basically replaced my computer and alot of my daily activities have aps to do them remotely. Yay this phone offers plenty of space with the insertible MICRO SD cards which say they are limited to 32 or 64 gb but really work with any i have a 256 gb and this phone rocks.
Straight out the box the battery was no good, apart from that excellent.
So happy w/my new phone! Excellent big & wide screen! Extremely satisfied with the quality of the cell phone! It was just what I had been looking for when I was trying to purchase a big screen cellphone a must buy! You will not be disappointed! Trust!
WOW!!!! I order this phone on a friday and received it on monday fast delivery i wasn't sure about ordering this phone at first but i was reading the seller's feedback made change my mind. I pick the right one my phone is awesome i'm learning the different functions of my phone and everything is brand new. If your thinking who to chose this seller is it!!!
EXCELLENT PRICE ,THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WHERE I GOT THIS ON AMAZON WAS GREAT UPDATED PERFECT AND EASY WORKS PERFECT FOR A HALF PRICED UNLOCKED PHONE I RATE THIS 5 BECAUSE OF THE PEOPLE I BOUGHT THIS FROM ,THE PRICE ,THE USEABILITY I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE FOR ANYONE WANTING A LARGER PHONE
I previously had the Samsung Proclaim on Straight Talk (Verizon towers). I wanted a larger screen and Straight Talk told me that I had to go with an AT&T compatible phone, so I chose the Note. Since this phone was less than half the cost of the S4, I chose it. So far I'm glad I did. One thing I don't understand is why people pay the ultra high monthly costs for Verizon or AT&T when they can get unlimited everything for $45 per month with Straight Talk with no contract.
I love the phone that was provided my wife is extremely happy with it thanks guys she really enjoys it
Excellent Quality Product for the best price./..Unlocked...hence can use with any carriers...Very good bargain for the price its being offered.....very much recommended..
I had to order this phone twice. The first time I ordered it, it came from Tablet Distributors, & I received it right before going on vacation. I found out on vacation that the charge port on the phone was bad by going by an actual AT&T store & them diagnosing the problem of why the phone would not charge. In order to have a phone on vacation Amazon told me I would have to buy another one & send the first one back. After finally getting the second one, from Cell Floor, I opened it & found that it was in fact NEW. The first one obviously was not NEW, as advertised but USED. The first one not only did not come with all the manuals but it came with a completely different charge cord & adapter. I did not realize until I got the second one of how it was suppose to be packaged & what was suppose to come with the phone. I should have known better. The back was just laying in the bottom of the box with no kind of wrapper around it or anything. I don't know how many times they have tried to sale that same phone but they need to retire it because it is BROKEN & USED! I will be sending the first one back soon, since I am finally back from vacation & Amazon said it must be sent in it's original packaging. I'm hoping I receive my money back asap because it's not a cheap phone especially for having to pay for it twice. I will say Amazon was quick to help when we were in a pinch. About the phone: The phone is awesome! It has a great screen, easy to see, & the battery life seems to last a good while between charges. It also takes wonderful pictures! The stylus option is pretty neat, too!
Just received my galaxy note and it is big. I buy Samsung's and they are to me the best i love the bright colors battery life is not bad I've been on it all day and still have good life left in it.
love this phone. came in black not carbon blue like described but that's no biggie. works great with my T-Mobile sim. the phone was working slowly at first but I figured it was because it had to update everything. works great now. you'll be happy if u get this phoneUpdate 8-26-13 this phone gets HOT when u are on it a good amount of time. Also in certain outlets while charging.
it has great sound nice graphics, and it was easy to use. my mom a person that thinks that it's possible to delete the internet with a button on the lap top. or that the computer will blowup and catch on fire if she presses a wrong button, even learned how to use it.
awesome fast shipping hope to Deal with it again
Hello, thank you very much... The product is good... Thanks for your service...
Excellent Pictur quality, fast Wi-Fi 4g, all kinds of app, great phone for the price.
This phone is one of the best phones I've ever had. It is fast, pictures are very clear, lots of application ,the camera is powerful. I recommend for any one looking for a smart phone.
I purchased this from them and received it the next day,completely happy with the phone.nothing wrong with it,no scratches or any flaws,works perfect.would for sure buy this again and just may for my wife
I plan to continue to use it when I go back to China. I found I made a great decision! It is wonderful!
This phone is marvelous. I really love the size of the screen. A plus was, this phone came already rooted. After having this phone I wouldn't want to get another one. For me it was perfect. Very fast with lots of options. I am very happy with this purchase.
just what i was looking for it does everything, i love the size of iti recommended it to anyone that need a big screen phonethank you amazon.
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!! Love the size of the screen and ease of operation! So FAST!!!! Could not be happier!
Love the phone. However the technical review said a case would be included and there was no case. Otherwise phone is wonderful. Just a fact of getting use to such a big screen
I bought this phone to use with T-Mobile's $30 plan and it is a great phone. Anyone looking at this phone for the T-Mobile $30 plan, it is compatible with T-Mobile's LTE network. The phone that I got still had the gingerbread version of Android on it but this was easily upgraded as Samsung has officially released the jelly bean version for this phone, you just need to download the Samsung KIES program. Once you install and run KIES all you need to do is connect your phone to your computer via USB and it will automatically update.I highly recommend this phone, as long as you don't mind your friends making fun of your giant phone. I would have given 5 stars if the battery life was a little better. I am getting 1 1/2 days per charge which is good but I am used to 2-3 days from the blackberry I upgraded from.
I Love this phone. I use for my professional and personal use. I can keep important information at my finger tips. I would recommend any type of Samsung Note to a consumer. The Samsung Note has been the best cellular phone I have ever owned.
I bought it to use it with metropcs and I had no problems at all. It was so easy like going to a metro store get a si card, put it inside the phone and voila. Happy with it.
The phone was great. Brand new. Unlocked and no issues. My only problem is that it has a little bit of a lag on typing. I will type and what I'm saying will not end in the box for a couple seconds. Other wise its great. I recieved the phone quickly. Oh the lock screenhas a lag too. it will freeze or it just won't respond.
I like this because the price was rightFor the products,Samsung is one of the top phones and i need a change to a bigger phone
i think this item is ok in fact i love it couple weeks with it already and im loving it.........
It took a long time to get to me, but when I finally got it I was pleasantly surprised. It was in an almost new condition. I'm still getting to know it, but so far I like it better than any of the others I have bought. It is easy to use and has many useful personalization options to customize it just the way you like it. I held back on one star because it took so long to get to me.
Love love love this phone! I have had it for a little over a month and have not had one issue with it. It was shipped in a timely manner and I received it quickly. It was exactly as described and has worked great since day one!
the phone is prefect sadly i got a bad phone don't order from the bluedot sim slot did not work :(waste of money but anyway the phone is great one con tho the battery life :(
Great phone exceeded my expectations, very pleased with this purchase, would highly recommend this phone to all, you will not be disappointed.
Before placing my order, I read as much reviews I could; and I was nervous as I read both the good and the bad of reviews! I just needed this particular phone for my dad, who is sight challenged as he ages. I must say it might be too early to give my review; BUT so far so good! ... I am 100% happy. I got what I wanted at a good price that I could afford. The package arrived within it's targeted time frame. Getting it to function was just as easy as 1-2-3!!!! ... Yes it is an AT&T phone; it did NOT matter. I took it straight to a T-Mobile Authorized dealer. Initially the Lady helping me in getting the Service initiated thought it was a locked phone. And I was about to get mad at the Seller! ... She then called her Co-Worker to help; they decided to call a sister T-Mobile Authorized Dealer, where they thought I could get the phone unlocked! ... While they were on the phone talking to the Person who would unlock it for me, the Lady told her fellow Co-Worker "never mind! ... It is now getting a signal!" ... The phone was unlocked after all! ... Just needed a couple minutes to start getting the T-Mobile signal! ... Patience is ALL that was needed! ... I am enjoying using the phone so far. I have NO clue on how to use the pen! ... BUT I will figure that out eventually. My dad, I know will love this gift; and I plan to get myself one as well as soon as I give this to my dad! ... It is a beautiful phone; light, and NOT as huge as described in the reviews. I had a beautiful experience with this Seller. It was brand new as described; with it's Manual & accessories enclosed. Yes it has the AT&T Logo on the front. SO WHAT?????
I know this phone is old but I love it. It came already upgraded to 4.1 ice cream and I have no complaints.
I replaced my phone with the same phone. The battery life is not the greatest so I purchased additional new batteries from Amazon. I have a wall charger so I keep 2 or 3 batteries charged to make easy change. You also can't leave your bluetooth, gps and sync on for very long or it kills the battery fast.
Work perfectly
Nice phone but short battery life.
Love it
I ordered this phone for my wife, it came fast and complete, Great phone, great price, but she had it for a week and droped it, broke the lens, I plan on buying another one.
good phone works great
Perfect .. easy to root up to 1.9 cpu with jelly bean ...Very fast. Phone feel very light. Make sure to buy a hybrid or tpu case.
My original narrative is in the next paragraph I raised rating from two to four stars - since then the SIM card is working. Found a variety of fixes on the internet - tried them all and finally found the right fix. Once overcoming the SIM the phone is working great. I am good with tech and was frustrated - I can only imagine how most people would feel.I purchased this unlocked phone and inserted my SIM card, which was being used in a Samsung phone. Galaxy Note did not recognize the SIM. I went on line to find a solution and learned that this is a common problem. There are five primary reasons for this, four of which others have published solutions for including You Tube videos. The fifth is a problem with the phone that requires a technician. I'm very disappointed - this was going to be a gift :( I did try configuring the phone using the internet and the apps and use is very nice - to bad it won't work away form the internet.
I needed a phone and got a tablet as a plus! Just love it. It's a good size screen, even for reading.
This phone is awesome, I love the size of it, made my old phone look like a spec of dirt haha. it is clearly unlocked, I did not get an unlocked code but it works with other sim cards other than AT&T, I'm using straight talk on it, and I'm able to keep the 4G on it, which is awesome. I think this is a great price, because if your like me and wanting to use it for other than AT&T then you will have to pay full price, which can cost alot!!!! I had mine shipped in one day, and it came on time, and I'm very happy with it, and the service I got from amazon!
I love my Galaxy Note! I love the size of the screen and all of the capabilities! The phone was delivered ahead of schedule, which for me, is always a plus! I have had no issues with this phone!
As described.
excellent product ,but my was not unlocked i just send back
very good
EXCELLENT
The works for me, presently i'm not having any problem with my phone.
It is as described, is an excellent product and is of very good quality
Real nice smartphone. Great price and free fast shipping, can't get any better than that...
good
Charger or charging port on phone got loose and have to wiggle it to make good contact so it can charge and sometimes it does not charge, other than that I'm happy with my phone.
Came very fast and product looks as new, only thing is it didn't come with a charger and I didn't see it listed as no charger included...
I was not disappointed that this is an ATT phone. I would recommend this to any one. I have straight talk
Love the phone, still trying to learn all it does.Only downside is it has to be charged everyday... not used to that part from my dummy phone. It does get pretty warm during use online. I can also find it easier than my old one... bigger is better :)
I love this phone but I got to give it 4 stars because the seam around the screen was broken.. even though I thought it would have been in better condition as the discription said.. next time I think I will get the refurbish instead of used. Finally the features are great and everything esle intact. It was unlocked all I had to do is to put my bahamas sim inside and good to go...love the phone ..thank you
nothing is wrong with the phone at all. i like it a lot its the 1st one but it still looks really nice you cant tell that it was used.
My Samsung Galaxy Note arrived on time as promised. It was unlocked and exactly as described. I love my Galaxy Note. It is the second I have bought.
MY HUSBAND IS VERY HAPPY WITH HIS XMAS GIF , THE ONLY BAD THING IS THE CHARGE CABLE, BUT EVERYTHING WORKS REALLY GOOD :)
amazing
Phone is very good condition and works like a champ
Great
I love this phone big but not to big wide screen crystal clear colors of the screen
Enjoying this phone! SHIPPED as described. Just wish that it came with a charging dock and kickstand case. Overall great phone!
excelente
Is a very good cell phone
Good
Perfect for a spare phone. Great service and product.
Love it Love It
This phone has worked very well for us. We are quite pleased with it and would recommend it should someone need to purchase a cell phone. We have had no problems with it and would rate it very high.
Love it!!
bought it in 2013 and it's still going strong! Love this phone. It came unlocked, and ready to be used.
I love this phone, can do so many things on it
I love the galaxy note. It replaced my laptop and it's smaller than a tablet so I can easily use it for all my communication needs.
I am completely in love with this phone!! i have had it for several months now and I am still in love! probably one of the best buys I have bought in awhile. Tons of apps that are very useful and i go through a local carrier that uses sims card and it worked as soon as i put it in. Ive had no problems at all with it so far and honestly hope it last me forever!!! great buy
I thought I was buying a clean phone ....... nope; It was loaded with a pile of annoying ATandT Ap's. My problem I have T-mobile. The phone itself is perfect. This is my first smart phone. I love the big screen. A woman/girl would hate it; it takes two hands to operate it. I had it in three days. They sd 5. Perfect company; perfect phone.
An Awesome phone! Once I bought this phone, the iPhone seems so very small and unfriendly! This to me is the size a phone SHOULD BE! Big enough to comfortably text and read email, watch movies and enjoy! The pen stylist is fantastic and all the features of this phone are in my opinion are THE ABSOLUTE BEST!
This is a very good purchase i,ll get another one i hope they still have them i like the phone
I liked it is has exlente softwear ,and great apps,the camera wirk very well and over all when i had a problem the costumer services was great they wear their to help
this is 100% unlocked and its brand new i'd buy it if i where you i got the phone fast and its nice having a bigger screen coming from a galaxy s2
good phone bought it for the wife and the fact that it was unlock. install t mobile Sim and it was ready still use the ware that there we still have at&t uverse .so far so good. LTE works hasn't used it that much. to draw a conclusion some issues but sure it with T-Mobile. having the same with my new nexus 5
Love it
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
The phone shipped in 3 days which was great and it came in a AT&T box w new packaging but its black not carbon blue like it says but I don't care. The only problem I have is the battery life sucks really bad, I've had a Note 2 before and I don't recall the battery life draining so fast but I can handle it, no biggie. And my other issue is the screen and outter part of cell where the headphones go bulges up and out a little. So this makes me wonder if it was a new cell likenit states. So that's really the only reason i gave only 4 stars not 5. I had a iphone 5c before but oy for a few months. I had to go back to an Android phone they are much simplerI missed my big screen like i had on my old galaxy note 2
it is a very good phone excellent and a good buy no regrets the seller is very honest with a good professional advise to guid buyers visiting their website the phone has lots of accessories available in the market
I don't know why I would ever own another useless iPhone, especially after using this awesome phone. 4 stars, because battery life could be better, but isn't that what we say about every device?
I have ordered many cheap cell phones in the past, and they were awful so I decided to pay more for one,and I got this I have had it for a week and I love it, it has everything on it that I need and all you have to do is touch the screen lightly and it works with no trouble. It is worth the money. I just love it.
So far the best smartphone i ever owned. It is big and it came ready to use. I only had to slide in my sim card and enjoy
does everything that i could want and large enough for me to see. i gave it less than full 5 stars as it is not the official newest state of the art and my techy grown children have those. but i have not found one thing including controlling my tv and linking with my tablet and desktop that it doesn't do just fine. it works as a wifi hub and a phone and i can download full audio books from the library and listen and my full month calendar is large enough to see and it is half the cost of the next versions
Pretty easy to use and l keep finding new things that I never even knew were possible or that I would use them now I will never get another phone without . My only complaint is it is black. Not carbon blue like I wanted.
Love it
great phone
It's a little slow in responding. Battery life is rapidly spent, even with power saver, which is like most smart phones. Word of thumb carry your chargers. GPS response is slow because of network availability, you might want to have a back up or drive slower when using navigation.
Bought as a gift and my girlfriend loves it so far a little slow when using on the straight talk network but happy with the phone.
Love my new phone!
got this as a present for my son and he is very happy with it.
Great just what i wanted
That was the first time I fall in love with a phone b4.That phone really works fast,I think that phone is the samsung galaxy note 4 instead.yesterday I dropped my phone I cry a lot,but it dindnt crash it is so hard.It hard like a rock.I recommend you guys to check that phone out.
Nice phone easy to use . l did not expect to have to pay £35 import tax it was not mentioned when l bought it.
I have had the phone for a few weeks now. I haven't had any problem yet
as described
Love the size and it's capabilities. Only battery don't last long after first charge..dunno..too many unnecessary programs load. Ok price for older phone.
I love everything about this phone the screen is BIG, and I will never go back to a smaller phone again. I purchased a Straight Talk sim card and $45 airtime at Walmart. I installed it and had the phone working in about half an hour. The phone takes a standard SIM card not the micro.
I got my product in today, which was supposed to be here sooner, but its not a big deal because I understand the holidays are horrid :) although, the product did not come with a stylus pen as described...it just came with a big hole in the phone where the pen should have been...That was my only disappointment.
i have a head injury from Afghanistan that has messed my eyes up where the iphone and i had to part it will be missed But i have not been so hAppy as to be able to see what i m typingthank you Samsung note
Everyone wants my phone, its nice and so far it does what I want. I have my phone on straight talk, at first it was hard to get it transferred, but you have to talk to someone who knows what they are doing. So I did, and now I am taking care of business with my big phone and watching movies, while I wait at the Doctor's office. I love my phone, glad I got it. Don't want to go smaller either. Deb
I am happy so far with the phone.got it on time..was locked but got it unlocked locally..so far it is working well
When I purchased the phome it said In ok condition but the phone looks brand new to me and I also recieved it a day befoew I expected... I love my phone...
I have been thoroughly satisfied withe this phone since I purchased it. I was very skeptical at first before purchase, but I have not been disappointed.
oh my god I love my phone its perfect its beautiful and works great its fast internet is fast the calling doesn't drops anymore and it works with my t mobile 4GI will recommend to everyone
Its a used phone in perfect conditions works like it was new the best investment that I have made on a phone
this is a great phone i love everything about it. never had any problems with it thanks again i will buy soon
With the very nice price discount this device was an upgrade from the $240.00 phone I was sold on. I have to thank my girlfriend for stating she likes the Note series.
This has amazing features, and a big screen. I used to have a apple product and It didn't have a stylus so I was unable to use it in the cold due to my gloves. This one comes with a stylus which is a big pro in my case. Breed shipped on time and they communicated with me so that I never worried that it would not arrive.
Great phone with huge screen. although they need to do a better or stronger design on the charging ports. Just plain cool
This is an awesome phone! It has wverything I ws looking for and more. The screen is huge, while still being light and convenient. I'll never get around to using all the cool features, thrre are just so many! The seller is awesome to work with too!
This phone came packed in its orginal packaging! (Used of course) And it was super easy to set up on the family mobile plan! I would reccomend buying this hone to anyone! Love it!
after using this phone for awhile it is amazing i love the size , I thought it would be a little big but it fits really nice in my hands , nice and fast just wish they would give the jelly bean update , amazing phone i love it
LOVED THE PHONE, WORKED GREAT AND I COULDN'T HAVE BOUGHT IT FROM A BETTER PERSON. dEALING WITH aLEX WAS GREAT. IF I COULD I WOULD HAVE GIVEN THIS EXPERIANCE A 10.
Big screen checkNice battery life check4g checkjust the phone that what I need but now I want the note II :/
I received the phone rather quickly. I'm quite impressed by the condition of the phone after being used. I wasn't sure if I would enjoy the larger screen, but now I wouldn't go back. I bought this phone to put on straight talk and thought I would have conflict finding a sim card, but I actually didn't. The phone takes the regular sim that they send so no need to worry. Plus the service is great, and the phone runs rather fast. I wouldn't trade it.
best xmas gift ever says my daughter.not one complaint these guys were the best to work with even when i messed up.thanks
Mac Daddy phone, the telephone is ringing just like the song! great service and delivery as promised on time for our sons christmas because that's all he wanted for christmas did'nt you know Ho!Ho!Ho! very prompt and perfect service the Samsung came exactly as describe so no hidden dissapointments here! a big Thank-you to your company for fulfilling our order at such a hectic time of year, great great service and friendly too treated us like a real person not just a $$$ sign thank you keep on giving us the consumer deals and we will be there for you CHEERS!
Gave as a gift. User loves it!
Excelñent
THANK YOU FOR YOUR WELL DONE JOB
excellent
Great phone, easy to see, easy to operate.
Very nice phone but it didn't fit in my pocket very well.
Until now it as been working fine
Well...When I learn how to use it..I will let you know how I like it..It arrived quickly and works fine it seems..Thanks
Love it!
it is great i love it
i love it my new cell...
I love this phone
I had an iphone - hated it. Small screen, restrictive apps - too controlling!! A swype keyboard absent from the iphone and the small size were BIG pet peeves. Had an HTC Evo 4G prior to it and wanted to go back to the Android system, so I had an HTC Inspire which was very similar to the Evo and back to enjoying my cellphone app experience. After researching wanted to now try a Samsung Galaxy that was relatively inexpensive to try for 6 months or so and see if I want one of the current HTC's or Samsung's. When I received it everything was as expected and it is a great phone. The one con I have is that the micro-usb connector was defective, returned this and bought another from the same seller. (Not their fault - it was in new packaging.) Hence learned that micro-usb connectors can be somewhat of an issue with the pre-Samsung S5's, but with many Youtube video's on replacing a bad connector, I'm not worried about it as long as I get time with the phone before it needs replacing. Would have given 5-stars but the connector issue is a small concern. Almost all these phones from many makers pre-dating the past year had connector issues. I can even remember my HTC Evo getting loose and needing replacement under my warranty. So, while rating it a 4, I would have given it a 4.5. Love everything else about it, which is why I ordered a replacement.
Nice phone
good
Battery takes very long to charge over 8 hours and dies very quick.Text messages are not shown in order of I send a text, and you send a response. All the text from one sender is jumbled on top and all the text that are received are all jumbled to the bottom.I've not had it that long as yet, under a month so I'm still having new experiences
Good buy
I've had this phone for almost two years. Great for viewing the web, videos, email, messaging etc. Very reliable. Love the larger screen!
thank you
Wife loves this unit and still uses it, won't replace it with newer models in spite of my offer.
exselente
excellent
Works well
I got this phone jan 2014. It is an old version of the note but this phone is way better than any other I have ever had. The screen is amazing and humongous making youtube, surfing and netflixing awesome. Just keep your charger with you. The things you love to do on your cellphone, especially this one, will drain the battery. I purchased a trident case for it. I just drop the phone for fun now. The case is awesome too!!!!!
My new phone is amazing. Its not the newest model but so what. It works great. I even gave my daughter my Samsung tablet now because the phone pretty much does everything I need it to. The battery last for the bay but its because i have too many applications running. Great buy indeed.Crisp clear screen , Excellent camera and I'm a photographer.
it's first generation note. it is not as good as current smart phone. this type of phone is battery killer. Battery life is only last for half day.
This is my first smart phone so the reader should take this into account.Out of the box it is an attractive smartphone, not too big, not too small, but just right. It fits easily in your jeans pocket and is pretty light. The one I received had an AT&T logo on top and was loaded with AT&T specific aps. I purchased this GSM unlocked phone so I can use it both here and internationally with other SIM cards. Call quality is good, internet search speed is fast. Battery life is a relatively short ~ 8 hours. The ads I've seen make the stylus pen appear to perform magic. I've not been able to use it to do more than write and draw. After a few weeks I'm still entertaining myself trying to learn how to take advantage of all it's features.Sure the note 2 and three are faster and probably better in every way. But they are also 2 to 4 hundred dollars more respectively.
I bought beauty of a phone for my daughter and she loves it...I'm thinking of getting one for myself....This phone is incredible...it's a little big but looks really nice.It has everything that she wanted and works very well...
I like it so far. The stylus pen tip is little too hard to click. I would have liked it if the tip was softer. Yes I would recommend it to anyone.
Returned first order as it had a defective mini-usb connector. Ordered from the same company again as the defective mini-usb connector is a known issue with pre-Samsung Galaxy S5's and overall has been an android problem. So what I did was order the wireless charger from ECO Sound Engineering. I ordered the QI Universal Charging receiver and the charging base. I used the receiver tape and attached the receiver to the back of the phone and plugged that into the micro-usb connector. Then I placed my new rubber phone case over the back of the receiver and the phone. I placed the phone on the charging base and voila, it charges merely by just sitting the phone on it! Now, no more continually plugging a usb cord into the phone which causes these micro-usb connectors to go bad. Now, I'm extremely happy and the phone for the price is kick ass.
I LOVE this phone! It's attractive, works great and has a fabulous display! The first one I got did work after 2 weeks, so I have to get another. This one is perfect! I would highly recommend this phone!
Exelent
Nice phone. I just wanted a larger phone. Nothing wrong with the phone. Decent price. The company is wonderful. Treated me good and very fair. I recommend anyone to buy from this company.
although merchandize was unlocked the merchants made every effort to address the issue and replaced the product.
Excellent ph loving it
Excellent
so far this is the best phone that i have ordered without giving me any problems. where can i buy extra batteries and headset for this phone
This phine i didnt use this yet i still waiting my sim,but how the look im sure i gonna love it,
I will recommended this phone to everybody....this phone is incredible useful and I love it.....heavy but very nice I will recommended to all customers
Outstanding
I ordered 2 of these for Christmas gifts in 2013. One was used with ATT with no issues. The other was used with TMobile and could not use the Hot Spot... until PdaNet+ helped me out. Now they both work fine. Nice big screen. I paid 269.00 each and am happy with the purchase. It's and older phone, but great for my parents.
excellent
love it
I was extremely pleased to find this phone at such a reasonable price. The item I received was in great condition - no scratches on the screen, no chips on the body. I received it quickly. I used it for USCC, if you know anything about USCC - it's almost impossible to use another phone that wasn't manufactured expressly for them. I used this to replace another android phone that I had dropped in the lake. I really wanted a nice large screen and the stylus really appealed to me. I was very happy with both features. As for the phone being a refurb/used phone - I had no problems whatso ever. I'd buy from this company again.
nice
This is my second Note phone, and it's working just fine. Price was good also.
Decent phone, not a terrible price. It's obviously the first in the series, so there are flaws, but I knew that going into it.
Phone has a great display, colors are good, detail also. Largest phone I have ever owned, didn't realize it would be so large. not practical to carry on belt and a bit heavy for the pocket. I have owned it for a month now and am satisfied with it but having known how heavy and large it was I might have gone a little smaller and lighter. battery lasts only one day with moderate use I expect due to the large screen. The only problem I have had is the back cover does not seem to secure well to the phone and one of the plastic tabs bent the very first time I installed the battery causing the top right corner not to seal well. I ordered another back cover after two days of owning the phone. I feel like the back cover is the weak link on this phone. Plastic tabs on a cover so large is not the best design. Overall a decent phone. Problems with the size and weight are due to my own not researching enough, being stationed overseas at a remote duty location made it impossible to actually handle one before purchasing.
Probably one of the best phones ever made, a bit outdated since Samsung has the Note II and Note II out now, but still a very sophisticated phone. Works well and has alot of advance features. For the price you cant go wrong.
I Purchase The White By Accident I Was Upset But Then Me And The Phone Started To Get Along Every One Told Me I Had A Big A** Phone That They Wanted To Buy It From Me So , But I Couldn't Do It Because I Enjoy It To Much .. >>> ThanksAlthough I Thought The Seller was A Little Rude .
I got this phone today, man it looks nice with a big screen you can stream your favorite video and the came with everything inside, the headphone and so on.
its just like it said the only thing is it dont like to charge but in my car but nice phone
Why the phone is Made in China,not in Korea!?The phone is perfect,but I still think of words Made in China
Battery better than expected! Big screen and very fast phone! I would recommend this phone to anyone! Very nice video play and excellent pictures!
Perfect phone , but in the beggining there was some screen flicker issues... Now they are kinda gone.... Perfect phone at overall
I love it!!! It was on time, great condition, it work great, I just popped my card in and went!!!
...there was a phone that was wonderful. It had many features, functions, and fruits of labor.It is a big phone. So think twice about how you will carry it around with you.I have been poking about with this phone since I got it yesterday, and it has so many things to learn that I will take a long time before I figure out all of it. From what I have seen, there is a lot customization allowed along with a lot of pre-loaded apps. Example: The memo app is very nice for it to allow stylus writing, text writing, attachment insertion, voice writing/recording, ability to share it, etc...The connectivity of the phone is also very strong. It seems a bit slow with hotmail for some reason, but everything else runs fast involving the net (4G / Wifi home speed).The camera captures great detail. Dual camera is a nice option. I have yet to test it for video calls.It has a fast-charging, removable battery. The charge seems to last quite a while (I keep power saving features on such as screen turning off after a minute.). There are many options to optimize your battery life when it is idle or to make sure your phone functions are not disabled if you want them to remain connected.The phone allows for expandable storage which is essential, in my opinion. There seems to be an option to transfer apps from the phone to the microSD card as well.The product for the price is great. If you have time, the Galaxy Note 2 might drop a bit more in price. But at the current time, it just costs too much when the Galaxy Note 1 (this product) is a nice thing for everyone to have. Tablet + Phone = Excellent idea.
I have an iPhone 3G, but when I saw the Note in Walmart, I had to have it. I fell for the size and wanted it unlocked. I couldn't believe I found the phone here for a lot less than Walmart. I'm happy.
I've had the phone for about two weeks and love it. However, I barely get a days use out of it before having to recharge. I check email, occasional navigation,facebook, text message. No games or videos or long hours on the phone. I am researching how to best optimize it's use (closing applications, etc) to extend battery life. I have found everything from turning off the data usage option to factory reset and OS upgrade as a solution. I'm not ready to do the latter. I love the phone so much I am considering just buying and carrying a couple of other batteries if optimizing the use does not work
The phone works great with Tmobile, but I had to update it to Jelly Bean to get it to work on 4g. It was pretty simple, just google directions.
I love it ad I would change it for anything else. I have t mobile and it working okay. I have onequestion is my phone running on tmobile internet or att
I love my new Galaxy Note with the 5.3 inch screen. It works well in all areas I do suggest using an extended battery. I bought my note brand new and was less then what I paid for my Galaxy S II
After reading a lot of reviews and going back and forth between this and the LG Nexus, I am really glad I went with this phone. I love the big screen, but it is not too big at all. It's the perfect size. Great screen quality and does everything I want. Very happy.
I ordered SGH I717 on Sept 3rd. Got it Sept 13th.I'm a T-Mobile customer and i was looking for a device that would work on T-Mobile (Re-farmed) 1900mhz 3G Network & LTE 1700/2100 mhzWhen i looked at the bands this device supports it was a match. So i purchased this device.Shipped with Android 4.0 i updated it to 4.1 through Samsung Kies on my laptop.I live in Columbia, SC and T-Mobile has been refarming the 1900mhz for 3G so unlocked AT&T devices can have 3G/HSPA. T-Mobile also launched LTE here two weeks ago. So my phone is awesome. LTE and HSPA speeds are awesome.Im happy with my Galaxy Note. The only thing i can complain about is the 1GB RAM. but other then that I love this phone. Camera is awesome. and with Android 4.1 you cant go wrong.Hope this helped out anyone looking for a T-Mobile compatible unlocked phone.
Box was opened only to unlock the phone but phone was new and I love it I like that its big its like a small tablet
Chose this rating for two major reasons: The phone perfectly met my desired requirement as well as serving the purpose for which it was bought.The seller's customer service department was very willing and able to answer all my questions at the time I needed them. Exellent service.Effective merchadise. Very sertisfied,
I carry my professional references books in the phone so I have them handy during work. The big screen makes it very easy to read. It's not a phone that would fit in your pocket. It takes good quality pictures and the focus is even better than a regular camera for close-up pictures. One downside is that the battery is barely enough for one day of use, so you should keep a charger handy.
My phone showed up in 2 days..yayyy...easy to use after setting up my way. Just wonder where is the 16 gb noted in specs..total available after factoring in apps etc is only approx 14gb..?? The Power button is in the wrong place. It would have been better if placed at the top instead of at the side...opposite the volume control button. The battery is a challenge and drains quickly especially when connected to the net..otherwise..great device!!
Phone got here quickly, in good shape and was new. I purchased it from Top 10 cells and, as promised, it was carrier unlocked. I am a T-mobile user and had written down all the apn information expecting to have to set up data access, voice mail and so forth, but nope, as soon as I inserted the SIM it realized it was T-mobile and automatically set those functions up. I also used Samsung's Kies program to quickly update the included Android version from ICS to Jellybean (which it did with no problems). Since I'm using a T-Mobile Sim, I won't be getting 4g speeds but if I'm in an area where T-Mobile has refarmed their 3G to the 1900 band (some larger cities) you will still get some pretty awesome speeds. Since this is an ATT phone I was absolutely amazed at the amount of bloatware that carriers place on their phones (I have always used non-carrier unlocked phones in the past). This includes stuff like ATT Navigation (an app with a monthly charge that does not work as well as the free Google Maps included in Android). Because of the amount of bloat apps which can not be uninstalled in a non-rooted phone I rooted the phone, which was simple to do by following directions on the web. The easiest way is probably to search YouTube for a video explanation on how to root this model. After rooting the phone I uninstalled all the unneeded apps which increased the smoothness and speed of the phone.This phone now has 90 percent of the functionality of the new Note 3 at a fraction of the cost. It is still a large phone with a beautiful screen that works really well. Remember, this phone first came out towards the end of 2011, so there is a bit of lag compared to the newest powerhouses, but you still get the stylus, can run any Android app, and have a very clear, bright screen. Although this is a large phone you don't feel or look too funny using it to place or take calls, and the size makes video viewing and web browsing great compared to using a phone with a 3.5-4.5" screen. If you're willing to invest an hour or two in rooting (make sure the phone works first since rooting will probably void your warranty) and de-bloating this phone is a fantastic value.
works great, had phone for about a month now, unlocked and ready to be used, works with straight talk as well, needless to say my gf was happy.
love it ...i have had no issues so far...came on time and was in perfect condition...would not trade it for the world..
Because of extensive traveling, I find the unlocked version a must. A little more expensive but worth the extra cost. I would highly recommend this phone to my friends.
This phone is amazing it was purchased a few weeks for my mother before she went to Africa (Sierra Leone to be exact) and she switched to another Sim card while in Africa and it worked perfectly. We were able to communicate clearly just as we did when the phone was used in the US. The internet is also very fast with the 3G network from Simple Mobile and I believe that's mainly because it is an international phone so the range goes a whole lot farther. The only problem we noticed is that the battery needs to be charged quite often when it is used to surf the web and GPS is used. The seller is also very reliable.
My sons father loves the phone he very satisfied thwnk you ms.rosa that's I love shopping on amazon so convince
Phone is great!!! waited for a long time to recieve it but it was worth it.it has a big screen and is the gsm unlocked phone looks brand new no signs of wear and tear at all!!!
This is my first Sumsung Galaxy note. I used T- mobile service. so far i really like it but some place i have bad signal. that's the only complain that i got.
Had it for about a month now. Haven't had any problem. The package wasn't seal when I got it but never the less it appear new when you open it. I would rate 5 star if it wasn't for the tampered package (by tampered I mean the AT&T box inside the package container). It works well currently. LOVE IT. I haven't made up my mind yet if I would purchase from the sell again, only because of the open box. I closer to yes than no because of the great condition that the phone came in.
I simply love my note! I love to draw and this is perfect for it! the S Pen is what makes buy it. sorry for my English
Very good phone, no regret. I had to purchased another one for my husband. I will recommend it because it deserves it price.
This is a good phone i recomend it to any one. I'm looking forward to purchase the newer modelo un the future.
This is a excellent product it has all you need for surfing the net taking pics and listening to your tunes.This products is flawless and works great.If you won't a fast big screen handset i will recommend you look at this item.This does run 4g service if you have a gsm provider that offers that service to you and it is unlocked.
it was pretty good!it just has very few scratch on the side but i can not see it if i put the case on it.!!:)
Great
i like my phone its great
love my phone!
nice but hubby thought it was too big and returned it. ONLY reason.
Great phone
I am a tractor trailer truck driver in all 48 states. Great Service!! Great phone!! No need for a computer with this phone.
it is so nice.just the battery need to be improve.
I received the item,but there's was a confusing,l though that was a Samsung galaxy note 4,but it's wasn't.but it's ok
very nice phone and seller was very helpful
Very good. Still kicking.
I highly recommend this phone to anyone wanting a huge screen. And the quality is amazing! In addition, I found the slide out stylus very convenient to navigate the touch screen. I see no reason to purchase the Note 2 or Note 3 at this point unless you absolutely have to have the features they have that this one does not. But to spend that much more for the little extra you do get - not worth it. Just as with cars its best for your wallet to buy a few yeas back, I feel the same with this phone - It's best to get the Note now rather than Note 2 or Note 3.
Everything about this was perfect I've been using my phone for almost 4 months. I love it so much. Love
i have wantethis phone since it was released....when i recieved it in the mail i was estatic...and it works wondeefully..iam very happy and greatful for this phone..it takes wanderful picturesand it has a flash, which is very helpful
I have a note 2 my niece wanted something close to it, this item was affordable and they worked with us, quite well, thank you so much.
Everything is perfect. Just two flaws, my S Pen doesn't work at all but that's fine, I dont really use it and the back kinda pops off sometimes when I don't have in a case, but thats fine too cuz I have a case on all the time lol. So basically this phone is perfect. It came with original box and original cables, not headphones but I have dozens of pairs lol. Bought from DAC Enterprises for $218.
I love this phone, with only one exception... I have to have it on speaker to hear the person on the other end or for them to be able to hear me... the speaker function is very sensitive though... I can put the phone down and be heard from across the room. I'm still playing around with the functions and adjusting from my much smaller, not-so-smart, smart phone.
Ohh lala nice real nice I little bit of issues with the sims card but other then that its a great phone to hold me over till iphone 6 lol. Shout 2 hoke county boys soup garrison signing out
I received my phone yesterday 8/14/13 brand New in the box as stated by seller, removed my sim card from my T-Mobile phone inserted in my Galaxy Note, at first it did not register on network, so I powered down the phone, then restarted it, sim was active synced my contacted from google. The music with head phones is awesome out of this world, the screen resolution is clearer than my HD Television at home. Very satisfied and would recommend this phone to everyone looking to upgrade, or just purchase a phone.
All I have to say is...WOW. I know the second version is out, but the Note is am amazing device! I think the differences between the two are small, so if anyone is looking for a less expensive alternative, this one would be an excellent choice.
Great price, fast shipping, easy to use...I love the size, I am never going back to a small screen again!! I am using this phone off at&t go sim card...this phone is everything that I thought it would be and more...I'm glad that I made this purchase can't put the phone down...the phone was exactly what the company it stated NEW...I will be purchasing from this company again.
Amazing cell. Well to start the package arrived the day indicated, I received in my house. When I opened the box I found the Samsung Galaxy Note, beautiful, big, super-shiny screen, brought to book, the usb cable, wall charge. The instructions in this cell said to be unblocked, but to my surprise it does not work with Net 10 straight talk, tracfone, springt, verizon ect. Only a ATT GoPhone cell, maybe work with T-Mobile. Please contact before buying to selling the company that is selling. At no time was saying it was a Gophone. Now, I had to buy ATT GoPhone sim card. The net1o not recognized, and says the phone is unlocked, but not work. But besides all this I am glad and happy that I have my Samsung Galaxy Note. Very big and not heavy. The phone brings the S pen, came with a battery, did not come with cover, did not come with plastic to protect the glass, came with headphones, did not come with SD Card, you can use 8Gb 16GB.Asombroso celular. Bueno para comenzar el paquete llegó el día indicado, Yo lo recibi en mi casa. Cuando abrí la caja encontré el celular Samsung Galaxy Note, hermoso, grande, pantalla super brillosa, trajo el libro de instrucciones, el usb cable, el charge wall. Las instrucciones de este celular dice que es unblocked, pero para mi sorpresa no funciona con Net 10,straight talk, tracfone,springt,verizon ect. Solamente es un celular Gophone de ATT, talvez funcione con T-Mobile. Porfavor antes de comprar contacten al seller la compania que lo este vendiendo. En ningun momento decia que era un Gophone. Ahora, yo tuve que comprar sim card Gophone ATT. La net1o no la reconocio, y dice que el celular esta desbloqueado, y no trabajo.El celular trae el S pen, vino con una bateria, no vino con cover, no vino con un plástico para proteger el cristal, vino con audífonos, no vino con SD Card, usted puede usar 8Gb 16gb. Pero ademas de todo esto estoy contenta y feliz por que tengo mi Samsung Galaxy Note. Siempre lo he querido tener estaba esperando que bajara de precio. Gracias Amazon.
Great price very fast shipping, so much better than being under a phone contract with a carrier this way i get to choose who!
For the price, the Samsung Galaxy Note i717 is an excellent phone with a stunning screen. The upgrade from ICS to JellyBean 4.1.2 was a breeze. Enjoy.
This has been the best buy that i ever made in a long time...In fact, i'm writting since my new Phablet, my Samsung Galaxy Note XD
I am so excited I got my phone a today. I couldn't wait to swap the sim card from my old phone to this one. This phone does everything that they say and more. But I had a problem because my service carrier is T-Mobile and this came in an AT&T packaging, I set up my phone and everything was running smooth except making and receiving calls. So it was time to call T-Mobile customer care to connect my phone for me. That's when the problem started. I was on the phone with a service rep for almost an hour. She did everything she could to connect this phone on the network and it couldn't work. My guess is that this phone is not unlocked because the lady that was helping me told me that there's nothing wrong with the connection nor the sim card but the phone itself is not unlocked so therefore it won't work on T-Mobile network. She said that after she suggested that I should put the sim card back to my old phone to see what happens and the phone worked perfectly.I am not going to throw any stones yet, I'm going to call the seller and let them know what happened and see what their response is going to be. I gave it a 4 because it couldn't work when it was supposed to but neither than that, I'd have give it a 5 star rating. It's a great phone. Big and clear screen resolution. I can check my email and go on Facebook and You tube even though it's not connected on any network. It really is a kool phone, I like it, no let me rephrase that, I love it a lot. I just wish that my little problem with it is going to be solved sooner than later. Otherwise I will recommend it to anyone especially if your service provider is AT&T.
We liked it , it was awesome, still looked new gonna use it for 5-10 more years before buy an upgrade version.
loved the phone
great product..!!!!
excellent item
Good phone
Great phone
thank you so much! i love this phone i use it as a tablet currently i will probably use straight talk with it in the future. i can use it like a regular phone to call and text with apps when I'm connected to wifi. i have had no problems except with the charger cord it lasted a monthish. i have to bend it weird ways and wrap it around my phone for it to charge but it still works. great phone i love it
Great phone with all kinds of features. The wide loves it.
great!
It a good size but it was way to slow for me. Ended up getting a different phone
Works as expected I love it.
I like all the features .it's very fast phone but the only thing i don't like is it cannot received a picture message
Love it!!!
It is the phone I have been waiting for, I receibe very soon y work perfectly, it was very goog deal. thank
EXCELENT CELL
FANTASTIC! The only thing that I was not completely happy with was the shipment packaging. It was exactly as promised!
Good quality Samsung Galaxy note smartphone with excellent priceI recommend it to everyone looking for this phone,working with my Network provider here in AustraliaThanks
Got it , it's a AT&T but worked with t-mobile, excellent choice.
Excellent arrived without problems and is requesting the product, it worked correctly, taking into account that almost half the world travel.
I would consider this to be one of the best services that I ever got on my online service purchase. I got the phone on prompt time considering that it was an APO Address. The phone itself is exactly as describes and performs to the required standards. It is truly an Unlocked phone and the size is what makes it Rock.. It performs the work of a phone as well as a Tablet. I can't wait to take it back to Kenya and brag.I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who aspires to have a phone with large display and a Tablet with a smaller screen.
The product is as expectedThis item is OK, I like itI recommend this product to everybodyThis product is good quality
Everything is great with this phone after 9 days of use.Phone arrived sealed in packaging.Right out of the box,I inserted my family mobile sim card and the battery.Gave it a full charge,powered it up, and bam,made a phone call.The phone I received has android 4.04 (Ice Cream Sandwich). I think the firmware is upgradeable to 4.12 (jellybean). I have put a few apps on it,and have not found a reason to upgrade firmware yet.The phone is doing everything I need it to do so far (flawlessly).With mild text,calls,and fair internet usage at night,I'm gettin about 15 to 16 hrs of Battery between charges.This is a very big phone,but can still fit in someones pocket. I got a thin case for mine,and fabricated my own streamline (trustworthy) Holster.
This phone just got better when a developer over at XDA released a KitKat rom for this phone it is like I got a brand new phone and it is faster and smoother that it ever was stock.
Everything was great but this phone was not unlocked! The sellers are Slightly misleading and should be cheaper if not unlocked, also the cyanogenmod takes away the smart stylus features that Samsung has on by default
i love it brand new like said will order future items you have my vote gotta find something for family to use
i love it . i can use it even in the philippines..easy to used! i can use it as my business partner!
I love this phone and all the features.. However, I had a hard time sitting it up with straight talk.. They helped me set it up a bit frustrating but finally got it.
As advertised.came as new condition for a used item.completely happy with my purchase i would recommend this product to anyone.
This product has livved up to it's expectations!! Came in excellent condition and functionality is top of the line.. Love it!! I will recommend this product to anyone based on my experience.. The features are cutting edge, the screen clarity are magnificent and overall an outstanding product.
Great phone! Nicest one I've ever owned! Great price, too. I don't think I'll be switching phones for a long time.
This note is perfect for me. I wanted the size, but not quite the bulk of the Samsung Mega. It is larger then the Galaxy 2, but once you get use to the size it is phenomenal. The internet speed is acceptable and the 4G lte is nearly as fast as my cable connections.I am not a senior citizen, but the size is quite helpful for those with less then perfect eyesight. The display and graphics are not perfect but quite adequate for my purposes. This is my third android, but by far the best.There will be no turning back from this device aside from a note upgrade.
I simply love this phone. This company Rocks! It arrived in 24hr! Great servic, great packaging, brand new, no problems! I highly recommend this to all!
I like all the features of the phone especially being able to take notes right on the phone. The phone is a little bigger than I realized before buying but I have gotten used to it. I also like the stylus feature. Makes it so much easier to text and type.
I love this phone easy no problem and is just AWSOME just hate trying to put a screen protector on
This phone work grate. I am in love with it. It like I have computer in my hand. I did not find any different between note 2 to note 1.
Wonderful buy the item is just as described. The carbon blue almost seems like black. The item was unlocked and ready for use. User friendly no worries at all.
Awesome Phone, yes it's big easy to handle, nice camera, speed, and a lot of functions that will make your daily living easy. Battery may be an issue but if you reduce the brignest and minimize the amount of notiifications sounds this will longer all day long, i will recomend this to anyone and definetly will buy another one for my wife.
Yes .. !!Would recommend to friend who is looking for big screen just like tablet come phone..!!This is Awesome Phone!!!
I love it because it's big and it's most definitely everything I hoped for it to be, I'm a happy customer. I most definitely happy to had been a customer of the seller jmdurant, he's the best:)
Bought this for my boyfriend xmas gift.. he loves it so much. Right size great speed.. phone is pretty amazing
its an OK phone, was a little pissed when i was having trouble connecting to the WiFi but later fixed it. other than those 30 minutes of wasted time i was happy about it
works fine and good
Phone works good
was a good phone I loved it but my carrier wouldn't hook it up OTHERWISE I totally loved it....
The phone was exactly what I expected. Thank you!
Software and icons were slightly different than my previous i717 but overall a very dependable phone and a good first smartphone choice as a gift for a family member.
WOW
I bought this phone because my old one was missing a ton of calls, sending them straight to VM. I love the look and style of this phone. It came fully up to date with the jellybean thingy. I am with Metropcs and even though this is an AT&T phone they have a new thing where you can bring your own device. It cost me $45 to have it put onto metro service with a new sim card, but I feel it was worth it. Even the lady in the metro store fell in love with it and was showing it to the other staff! I'm still learning all the functions but overall I'm really happy with this phone.
Its good and as per my expectations !!Good thing is its upgradable to latest Android version. Likes music quality very much.Touch is also good.
I was scared to buy over the internet the phone was great and the company was better. I needed and up grade and this phone was the perfect choice ...
I absolutely love this phone . Best phone by far that i have owned . I even bought my mom a phone like mine ans she loves it . I have no problems with this phone at all . Dont plan on getting another phone for a long time .
I just want to add that this phone is unlocked and works on T-Mobile prepaid plan.I'm getting 4G LTE, on NJ.Also,To update to Jelly Bean 4.1.2, just install Samsung Kies, it's a free app from Samsung.Connect the phone, and after connecting to it, it will request to update.I personally recommend that after an update you do a factory reset to delete anything left from the previous 2.3 android system.Phone worked so much smother after doing a factory reset, as recommended by Samsung support (found it online on a forum).Finally, all the ATT apps can be disabled.Just go to Setting -> Application Manager -> ALL (you need to swipe right to get here) -> click on the APP, instead of having a uninstall option, you will be able to disable them.That's it!Hope it helps someone, as for me it was a trial, I couldn't really find simple answer on the internet.I didn't load any modem driver, rooted, etc.This is unrooted and stock.
Incredible screen (image and touch response). The camera is the best of ithe pack. It would be a five star if it had Portuguese language.
I am very pleased with my Samsung Galaxy Note. It's my first smartphone and boy is it smart lol. It's just what I wanted and needed. I am glad that I opted for this over the iphone.
The product is excellent and as described. It arrived in a timely manner and was brand new. However, the charged broke within the first few days inside of my phone. I'm talking about the little silver part that sticks into the phone just bent for no reason. I bought another one from best buy which is a better charger anyway. No more problems and love the phone
Excenlent
Very good buy, I am satisfied.
It's great
Great phone😄
I love my little supercomputer and my ole tired eyes love the size. Delivered fast, works well and worked on crappy MetroPCS (but their service is not so good) and now on Aio, no problem. Less than half the price of the Note 3 but I do not know what it would do that I would want - this one does it all.
This phone is great. I have been using is for 3 mths now.It is unlocked as described and all you need to do is provide the sim card. It works very well and it is fast. It can play most games and other applications. I like that it has a lot of space As i download a lot of stuff.I have rather big hands and the keyboard on the screen is big enough to accommodate my fingers without making too many mistakes. The screen being big is also a good thing since it makes things such as text easier to see so you can do other things such as reading a book for example.The 8 mp camera takes great clear photos and the video isn't bad either.It comes with Android Gingerbread (v 2.3) but with the Samsung Keis software you can easily upgrade the phone to Jellybean (v 4.1.2)What I don't like about this phone is the the battery life is VERY poor.
Cool phone, still going strong by the day.Just got #AnkerBatteries as backup batteries.Overall, this is a great phone.
buenisimo
Tried the Notes 2,3 & the latest 4, and none came close to being as varied as the first Samsung Galaxy Note made.Love the Stylus (great for chubby fingers to use) and the Camera editing options are much more varied, almost limitless, and easy to figure out than the latest Notes; fantastic for tweaking & fine-tuning photography into artwork!I might have to buy another Samsung Note One, just to have ready for when (if ever) I need to replace the one I have.Love it! Love it!! Love it!!!
Receive the phone on time. Had a bit of a issue with the Sim card and the seller work with me to get the unit working. Ultimately it was a Metro PCS Sim card issue and once I got the appropriate Sim I was able to start using my phone. Michael was very helpful getting my phone working and not only will I recommend the seller but look forward to work with them in the future. I LOVE MY NEW PHONE !!!!!!!
I give 5 star because it is a very nice phone. It has everything I wanted in a cell phone. I like the size because when I suft the web and read my email its like a little tablet. But when I used it as a phone, is little to big for me. I have to get use to it.Es muy bonito y tiene todo lo que deseo en un cellular. Me gusta mucho su tamano porque puede ver mejor mi correo y navegar en la red. Lo siento un poco muy grande cuando hago llamadas pero con el tiempo me acostumbrare a el.
Love every thing about this great phone EXCEPT IT RUNS HE BATTERY DOWN faster than Mario Andretti drives. The power consumption is astronomical, even with every thing shut off (blue tooth - wifi - gps -) still like what it does when I want it to.
I, realy like the phone has 4g LTE it nice to have wifi stong signal larg screen good camera easy to used
Holy SUGAR, HONEY, ICE, TEA! This i717 is AWESOME! I already gotten it Rooted. Deleted most of the Bloatware, AT&T apps mostly. I use this Phone/Tablet for movies purpose mostly. My Better-Half loves her movies on it. With a screen size over 5 inches, who wouldn't. The price was very good as well, for $307.00 with S&H included. Came brand new & unlocked, so you can use it with any Carrier that uses a regular Sim Card. The package came a ith all the necessary standred items, like USB Cable, Charger & instruction booklet. Very fast response, came with 4.0.4 I upgraded it to 4.1.2 without any upgrade though AT&T network, very nice colorful bright screen, easy to hold in your hand(s), if you have medium or large hand(s). It is just a great phone/tablet. S&H was bad, just came a day late, no problem!
does what is says on the tin this is value for money, a good phone although the model is somewhat dated
Received absolutely brand new phone from seller "Wireless Extra". This phone is unlocked as described. And the screen is huge, sharp and clear. HD movies play beautifully. Came with the latest Jellybean 4.1.2 installed, awesome!Yes, for many of you who wanted a prepaid phone, it works for Straight Talk (AT&T Sim Card) and T-Mobile. I tried on both networks and all have 4G LTE speed. Great I ditched my Sprint and go for prepaid plan, saving lots of money. I'll give MetroPCS a shot after I'm done with Straight Talk. Will update how MetroPCS network speed.Run Speedtest.net on ATT and T-Mobile 4G LTE hit over 10Mbps without any problem. I have better LTE rate on T-Mobile than AT&T.However it does have some flaws as well - Bloatware, a lot of them. AT&T preloaded bunch of their home brewed bloatware. They eat up tons of internal memory. Unless you rooted your phone and removed those unwanted apps, you just have to live with them and they do drag the overall performance.You will see lags when you launch phone dialer or switching between apps. Considering it's a 2-year-old phone with just dual core and 1GB RAM, I can live with that for a sub $300 price phone.Battery life is miserable. It couldn't even last 8 hours of normal usage. Need to charge everyday and in the car to keep it floating.Overall this is definitely a great phone for it's quality and price. Highly recommended.Updated: Called MetroPCS and tried to use their service. What a joke, their customer said my phone is still locked! I have been with T-mobile prepaid and Straighttalk and no problem at all. That's why this company is dead and bought by T-mobile. You can't activate the SIM Card online and you need to call them and the customer service knows nothing. Hello, this is year 2013 and people still need to call to activate a service and nope you can't do it online.
4 weeks so far no problem. it does not come with the micro sd card. but you can buy one cheap on Amazon. lets hope it works overseas.
Great phone i love it the only problem is that the sound speaker goes in and out other then that works great.
excelente note
Awesome product and price!!!! A+++!!!
it is awhsome ' no problem's turned into a straight talk very simple ; thankyou for a great phone ; for enyone looking to get everything and no contract go for it
This product is wicked!! Fast phone, long lasting battery and nice screen size!!! Also the audio and picture quality are really HD
This is the first unlocked phone I purchased so I was a little nervous about if and how well it would work. It turns out that it works great. All I had to do was get a SIM card from my cell phone provider and it fired right up and works great.I love the big screen with a stunningly detailed HD display. Apps run great without any lag at all.
I really liked the phone but it usually freezes , the only thing i dint like was the delivery it took TEN days to get here !! and it had to get here 1-3 business days ;/but overall its a good phone and im happy with it.
I had The HTC Inspire before i bought this phone. I had been searching for a phone because mine was not work the way it should be. I saw this one and I thought it had a lot of great features. I read the reviews before i purchased it. I kept seeing other people ay that the battery dies a little fast. Yes, that is true. BUT that is the ONLY bad thing I don't like about this phone. This phone works so well. The screen is big ad the features are great. My advice for others that hate having a phone where the battery dies, get back up batteries. I bought and extra pair of batteries so I wouldn't have to worry about my phone dying in a random place, when i needed it the most. This pone is really nice phone. If you've had an android before, this is really easy to navigate. I recommend this phone, especially to phone that are iphone users. I also had an iphone and i loved it but i love this one WAY better.
This is a great phone. It can do everything just right. Reception is very good. This product came quicker than they said and came exactly the way they described. I recommend to all.
Only negative to this phone is lack of message alert light. Have to turn screen on with power button to check for messages. Otherwise I love everything about the phone and using with Straight Talk.
I must say I am extremely happy with this purchase. The phone it self is worth every penny. I honestly love all the apps it comes with and the options it gives you for sms etc. The camera is great it takes hd quality pictures & video cam is the same. I skype on the phone frequently and the front facing camera is great as well my video is clear on skype. The phone worked perfectly on the straight talk network, I just bought the sim card from straight talk and the 45 dollar unlimited bundle and was able to activate the phone with ease the only thing is that once you activate this phone on the straight talk website your call and texting will work however to get on their data network you must update ur apn setting to straight talk but not to worry its very easy to do so just contact straight talk like I did and they will guide you from there and it will only take you around 5 minutes total and there you are done and can enjoy your phone fully. Your welcome. P.S I would call in the early morning because they close at 12 in the afternoon eastern time. But over all this is a great phone with exellent features especially like the stylus pen, I really enjoy using it because its fun and conveintent.
It really comes with ICS and its upgradeable to Jelly Beam by Kies. It's fast, big but thin, high resolution.....all I look in a phone.
I was worried that being unlocked would not be enough because I was not using AT&T as my cell provider. I was wrong. It has truley exceeded all of my expectations. The only thing I can't get it to do so far is to update with new software, via Kies Air.
exelente
muy bien
Love it, everything I wanted in a phone
excellent
Great phone, no issues so far!!!
vey nice phone
I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS SO FAR IS THE BEST PHONE I HAVE HAD WILL BE TELLING MY FREINDS ABOUT IT
I love my new phone, the shipping was great it got her eariler than expected. The phone is in great condition, plus there was a screen protector already with the phone. Really exceeded my expectations.
I loved this phone but the refurbished one I received had the screen not reattached properly. Not the phones fault! It was awesome, but I ended up with the note 2 instead.
I was very happy with my purchase. This phone is great all though it might be too big for some people, I personally don't mind. The phone is great came in super fast and the packaging was very good to, it came in two boxes so it was well protected.
I got the phone and it had a problem so I contacted the seller and he took care of me right away. I have a working phone now and I really like this phone. It has a big clear screen, high quality voice reception, and it is easy to read. It has plenty of room on my 32GB removable SD card to hold lots of pictures and videos. Showing off the grandkids is great. It takes wonderful pictures, too. I am on the NET10 system for my phone system. NET10 is a sister to Strait Talk and is owned by Tracfone. Doesn't have much customer service, but the really tried to work with me to get my phone up and running. They just didn't know how to diagnose what was wrong. Anyway, the bottom line is that this is a great phone and a super seller.
I must start by saying "I love my new phablet". To be honest the seller did not truely described how pristine the device was; literally. The package included a brand new charger, protective screen and a hard case. I must say I got more than what I payed for.Pros: A huge screen, Lots of apps, S-Pen is wonderful,Cons: The batteryAll in all apart from the battery its an alround device that gets me through the day
I bought it unlocked to use on T-Mobile for $30 a month. Can't beat it. The phone is plenty fast with the expandable memory and removable battery features. It came with gingerbread and shortly after I updated to ICS. Can't wait for Sammy to put Jelly bean on it.
Great phone my friends, it may be a bit old but i tell you for the price if you want a nice smart phone, the galaxy brand is definitely on the top of the list.
i was kind of worried because of some of the reviews but this phone is amazing, i don't think ill ever go back to a small phone
I am extremely satisfied with this phone even if it's not the latest Tab. I purchased this phone because it was unlocked, under $300, and it has a screen size that accommodates my thick fingers. The phone arrived brand new and with the latest version of android available from Samsung for this model.
this phone is pretty cute and has alot of apps it was unlocked like it said because as soon as i got it, i put in my simple mobile sim card and it work perfectly.
Purchased this for my wife, was great! The only thing I have a problem with is the battery, the battery doesn't last long, I have to charge it just about every night! Great phone though, I am planning on getting another for myself.
I like to a feet back for u guy my samsung galaxy note it perfect event I cant use yet but I know nothing happens when I stard use thank u
Great parchase ..
:-)
Good
love it
These products superve Very, very satisified. Couldn'task for any greater service anywhere. I would recommend these products and your service to everyone. Great job great service. Keep up the great work. George R. Downs, Emerson, Geoorgia
I bought this unlocked phone & absolutely love it, it works with the Straight-talk bring your own phone program & when setting this up with straight-talk, it even has 4G LTE that works!! I am so happy with this phone, it's more than what I thought it would be and some other reviewer's complained of things such as lag with the S-pen (stylus) and I have not had any of those issues. Everything was packed well in the UPS box & the phone was brand new, never been used and factory unlocked as listed. Best money ever spent on a phone thus far.
From reading ALL of the reviews before I bought this phone, I wasn't convinced. Most of the reviews left for this phone let me down. I was very pleased to find a phone with great specifications and an unbeatable price, but reading the reviews made me think twice.. I took my chances and bought the phone which it shipped in 3-4 days of purchase. When I opened it, the phone was in its original packaging plus they threw in a FREE pair of earphones. My carrier was tmobile and it worked fine when I inserted my sim. Everything was just as i hoped! Then the battery life was acting up. The battery just drains by itself....it may be due to the gigantic screen, so buy a 3000mah battery just in case. I love the phone and NO it's not slow...it's amazingly fast....I suggest you buy "new" from LUCKY BUY RETAILERS. ~ Dawit
Good buy for the money. It worked as advertised and in good condition.it is good to go for international use and travel.
I put a bigger battery on it now I love it I did not need all the att ju k on it.
This is a good phone and takes very good pictures, i would highly recommend this phone especially for international use
Love it, love it. I can't say enough about this phone. It's stylish and big like I like it. I get so many compliments on this phone.
Only complaint is that I can't find the fm tuner setting. And that's my complaint not hers. Otherwise a great but huge phone.
I really like the Samsung Galaxy Note phone. I've gotten some ribbing about its large size but it works very well for those of us over 60, making it easy to read and type. If you deposit checks using your smartphone, it works much better at taking the pictures of the check than my tablet. The sound is good on the phone, both for me a nd the caller. Since it is pretty thin, I purchased a case right away for protection. The seller has excellent customer service. I called, left a message and they returned my call quickly. They also helped me get connected to my service provider even when my provider couldn't. (Consumer Cellular)
Love this device because it can be handled as a phone or a small tablet. It's is arguable that it is mainly a phone but its functions says otherwise. I use it as a tablet first for prodction, school work, etc. then phone secondary, for, of course, for communication/text, calls, etc. It is the a perfect size if you don't think of it as a phone only (and folks seem intimidated by "big phones").I won't get into the techncial specifics but basically, it's the same as Samsung Galaxy SII with little exceptions. I've upgraded to OS JellyBean, and love the extras in the stylus however, the stylus can go a little out of control on keyboards.I don't like how the power button is positioned exactly opposite the volume control on the other side of the phone. I clasp the device, using my thumb to powerup/down but find that my other four fingers are latched onto the volume control. Hard to keep away from, so it calls for using 2 hands (which I'm trying to avoid if I'm not using it as a tablet). S Note app is a bit annoying. I don't need to use a template but it won't let me create a note without one (at lease I haven't figured out how to control that yet).Nevertheless, the device runs and displays my applications very well. I am encouraged to watch Netflix, and run bigger apps with ease. Battery runs out at normal rate (depending on what you run and how long) but I'd suggest backup batteries when you know a powersouce wll not be accessible.
I love the size for internet use. Don't need to use a notepad got it all in one package deal. Internet connection is fast. Camera well it's okay but i was mainly interested that it's a phone, notepad and camera, internet use, well i can go on. love it! :)
I've been an iPhone user for the last 4 years, but when my 3gs finally crapped out for good I researched long and hard and settled on the Note. I LOVE it. It's easy to use and I love the size. It feels solid in my hand. It seems screaming fast compared to my old iPhone, too. UPDATE on 8/16: The first one I received had internal antenna issues, but I sent it back and got another one that works perfectly! I've had the phone for a couple of months now and have had no problems using it on T-Mobile and I am getting 4g LTE speeds whenever they are available. Love this phone!
Overall a great phone its not the most new note but it gets the job done the software update made it like a note 2 so overall I am happy with my debice
Everything about the phone is great except for the speed processor. I don't have many apps yet but many Times it take more then 6 seconds to change screens or pull up browser or apps. However overall the phone is great.
So far so good the delivery was very fast (apologies to the retailer on the signature delivery, let the retailer know if u don't want signature delivery) overall tree phone tablet aka phablet is very good especially for the price. Especially if u don't have a lot of money andthis one is used and well kept together. Hardly lags if more at all.... the note apps are great and the person is small for my hand but can get used to. Over size is good had no problem finding accessories 2500mah battery isn't fitting for the phablet and its capabilities highly suggest a bigger battery like a 2800 or 3000 min but overall good I can one hand and pocket fit.
Came brand new in box, ATT packaging, charger and USB cord which was fine because I am an ATT customer. Works perfectly ! I put my SIM and memory card in and was all set . Mine was black but I did not care about the color. The LCD died on my old one so this worked out nicely and the price was good.
It is good phone and very dear price. I will buy another one if I get a chance.
Excelente.........
Girls love it?
Even though the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 came out this year, this phone is still a great phone. The screen is big and it's fast. The shipping was fast too. I will recommend this to anyone!
This thing is great so far. Got it in the mail super-quick. The big screen is awesome coz I dont have to squint at anything. Comes with Jelly Bean 4.1.2 OS on it right out of the box! This device is also great for folks with not-so-small hands, feels more comfortable than a regular-sized phone. Read other reviews (not amazon) and some folks complained about the battery life for this device. (This thing get awesome battery life so far, puts my old motorola smartphone to shame!) Anyways, here are a couple tips that I'm sure those folks didn't follow... First, do a few charge-discharge cycles, which means start using the phone as soon as u can, let the battery run down to 5% to no more than 15%. (DO NOT RUN THE BATTERY DOWN TO 0% AT FIRST) Batteries these days have their own sort of "memory", so if u charge your phone when it's at 50% for example, the phone may think that the battery is almost dead when it shows 50%. Ok, after u r sure the device's battery is at 5% to 15% charge, let it charge to 100%. To get a true 100% charge u have to let the device's battery charge while the device is turned off. Again, that part about the 'memory' of the battery: if u let it charge to a true 100%, it will charge more fully more often. Repeat those steps at least 3 times. Futhermore, the Galaxy Note should ideally only need 2.5 to 3 hours to fully charge the battery, so........ DO NOT CHARGE OVERNIGHT, AS THIS CAN WEAKEN THE BATTERY LIFE in the short term and the long term. If people do all these things for their device's battery (Galaxy Note or not) it can extend the battery's performance. I'd HIGHLY recommend this device to anyone needing a solid, well-constructed, comfortable device. Phone calls work good (i'm on at&t prepaid), texts, instant chats, the S-Pen, it all works great. If u properly charge the battery, the battery life issue that others have had, should not be a problem for you. Enjoy!
I am very satusfied with this phone, but I had a little trouble finding a good protective case. This company didn't send the stylus pen and the battery runs down too fast when you use the internet. They sent the shortest wall charger I have ever seen!
Nice phone, lots of apps but for whatever reason it didnt perform for me. So I am upgrading to either the Galaxy Note 2 or 3 wich have great reciews
If u want a good phone that you can use on any GSM network, especially Straight Talk, ATT&T or T-Mobile I would strongly recommend that you buy this phone.
I bought this note on September, I've read a lot of reviews regarding its compatibility with wireless carriers, all I can say is that it's working on my carrier, Metropcs in south Florida, great 4g speed where available, I guess they are using t-mobile network cause they are receiving sim card phones, average call quality, overall I'm happy with my purchase.
Very pleasantly surprised to get my new phone just three days after placing my order!!! GREAT customer service, thank you. I was worried about purchasing used or refurbished but couldn't afford new so gave it a go and now no regrets, the phone is nice very good condition and I am already in love w/it!
I bought the phone and initially like it but, the software they sent it to me was outdated and wasn't the same as today's samsung devices (not sure what version they're on now), but I overlooked it, because I'm not the most technical person out there. But any-who, two weeks into having the device it stopped charging and would do weird stuff. For example touching the screen was very hard, the sensitivity was gone or something... Since day one something was kind of fishy with it anyway. But I sent it back for exchange and received it last night, and everything is going great! Will update review in a few weeks though! Hopefully the sellers will send the phone out updated with the newest and fastest software versions available for this device, it really is important that the customers get the best experience with it, they will appreciate you for it sellers! Asavings was amazing with exchanging it, and sent me timely email responses as well. Thank you!!!!!!
thanks seller:) received this smartphone as it was describeb:) im loving it-DISABLE ALL THE AT&t bloatware- watch youtube video how to do so- to save more battery:Drocking it- had it now for 4 months :)order some screen protectors as well because this thing gets easily smudgedGO SAMSUNG:)
The Reason I Got This Phone Is Because It Was A Replacement Do To Me Cracking My White Galaxy Note Phone Which I Started To Love . But When I Got This Phone I Felt Lost With This Phone Because All My Stuff Was On The White Phone Like My Kik Message And Message , Picture Etc. But Some Of The Stuff I Was Able To Recover Like Pic & Message. But Kik Message And Other I Wasn't. So I'm Still Getting A Little Use To This Phone. Other Than That The Phone Is Great I Recieved It In New Condition , Package Well. It Like Buying A New Phone From A At&t Phone Company Even Though It A Unlock GSM Phone . :)
the product came on time and in perfect condition. it was, no doubt, BRAND NEW! so scratches no nothing. i love my new phone so much. amazon and phone is trusted and there is no risk.my phone is everything i wanted. despite the battery life. but all in all its beautiful and i got all my friends drooling over it.THANK YOU SO MUCH PHONE MAX AND AMAZON!
Great phone even better that its unlocked I could take a right to the AT&T store and set it up as a go phone with no contract people constantly make comments on the phone all the time asking me what is that the size is great it takes great pictures I'm very happy with it
I love the size. It is so easy to text with and not at all difficult to maneuver as a phone. The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating is that when I unplug it from the charger it takes a few seconds for the screen to "wake up". If I try to go to the home screen it doesn't do anything.
Hi Amazon , I bought two Samsung galaxy note i717 to you, but I would like to put Trade square protection plan for 2 years on my phone. PLEASE
This cell phone screen is amazing, with s pen, i can use it for emailing and the camera is good.
I've been eyeing this phone for awhile now and I must admit it didn't look as big until I actually held it in my hand. WOW! I don't think I could go back to a small screen again. Everything was fine with the phone however my GUARANTEED shipping day which was suppose to be the next day didn't happen. I ordered the phone on a thursday. I was suppose to receive it by friday. I didn't have the phone in my hand until Monday. UPS tracking said it was in my home town and it said it was on the truck for delivery by friday and of course I was excited but it didn't actually arrive at my house until after the weekend. that was LAME. Amazon's tracking service was not updating my package status so I went to the official UPS website and imputed my tracking info and it stated that it would be delivered monday while Amazon's tracking said it on the truck out for delivery the whole weekend. Other then the shipping the phone was great but I wouldn't have paid for next day shipping if I wasn't going to get it the next day.
nice
Bye bye iPhone. After much research and many questions to users of others brands, I settled on this phone. I've had it for about 10 days now and after getting used to a new system have come to thoroughly enjoy it. Placed a call to my older (late 70's) sister who picked up the phone saying, "I can hear you! Your voice is so clear." 'Nuff said.
Love this phone got it on the Straight talk network. It came with no SIM card, so I ordered a Straight Talk SIM card from All Cellular of Irving TX on Amazon and phone works awesome, good battery life and many cool functions. I also got an Otter case for it, and this is a must !! Fast shipping by this company.
I love this phone. It's fun and has everything I need and more in a cell phone. It took a bit to get used to the stylus but it was so great I got the Note Tablet too.
This is a pretty good phone and the price I have is wonderful. The screen is even better than iphone.
This phone works as described. Can be used with t mobile and simple mobile sim cards. Shipping was fast and free. Date of delivery respected. I love this phone , just odered one for my sister. I recommend this phone to everyone who loves to ise amdroids or wanna switch to amdroid fones I won't regret.
Love this galaxy note. Thinking of buying another one for my wife. Wish the battery would last longer though. I would highly recommend any one who is looking for unlocked cell phone.
Now after more than 3 months I am still happy with the SGH-i717.I wish that I could erase some of AT&T stuff that I don't need such their Navigation (since I am T-Mobile customer). I can get 4G LTE screen is bigger than Galaxy S2 that I had previously. Compared to previous the only CON, you can't talk to Navigation to show you routes - only typing. Overall very happy withi the product and the money I paid for it.
Except for the battery life, this phone is perfect for my current needs. This is the best way for me to enter the smartphone arena.
EXCELLENT product. Excellent customer service. I could not be more happy with my purchase. I will use them anytime I need a phone or accesories. I will be telling all my friends and family what a great experience I had and suggest that they use them. I am one HAPPY customer!
So far It's Good .world Well no complaint. Great phone like I said.more capabilities. And fast to work with. Enjoy
Totally satisfied with my order. The package arrived almost instantly and the product was up to my highest expectation. I am very glad to have such an amazing product as Samsung Galaxy Note in addition to my other gadgets. The Note is very handy while traveling by plane. Not bulky and the screen wide enough to watch even movies. :) Recommend!
Really like this phone. Wish I had gotten a smartphone years ago. I wasn't aware there were other versions but this one is good for what I need.
Awesome phone! great apps and just awesome!!! I love it. Got the best apps and a very fast phone overall
Awesome!
I love this phone for it to used it works perfect only problem I have is the camera is dull when I take pictures and I am a picture person.
I bought this phone for my fiance's birthday. She absolutely loves it! I had a Note 2 prior to me owning the Note 3 & I loved it also.There are a lot of things about the Note 2 I like over the Note 3. This is not about that though.We use UsCellular as our carrier and it works great with them. It was shipped right away. Service was great.
My first smart phone and am very pleased with the way it has upgraded my phone usage so much that I use it for so much more than just calling someone. Laptop and tablet are getting a lot less use these days
Just got my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 from Worldwide Distributor.It's a white device and international unlocked N-7100.It's very awesome, and the whole device, I don't see a single problem.The device runs fast and zero lag.Love this device so much.
Like the title states, i actually love this device so much and it performs so flawlessly, there is absolutely no reason to root.In the past there was the need to install voodoo lag fix, aps to SD, change LCD density, take screen shots, remove bloatware, tether hotspot, overclock to get better performance, maybe install ROMS that had unofficial latest updates of Android O/S, maybe to get some latest & greatest cloned features of the newest smartphone....etc etc etc...Rooting always had risks involved, but i always found it WORTH THE CHANCE,to be able to "enjoy my phone to the max"....Well, guess what? Samsung has delivered every possible above named scenerio all in one SUPERPHONE!Mind you, with my other phones, i ALWAYS rooted within one hour of owning... Going on 3 whole days here and there's not a chance i would put my new little Angel in possible harms way for little or no gain that root provides.Don't get me wrong, IF you truly know what your doing, rooting & ROM'ing is awesome...I however, never could grasp a full understanding of the internal workings of android no matter how much i read, and therefore when i would root, things sometimes would go wrong, i found it very stressful, even tho very necessary... But that was then, & thanx to the G-Note 2, THIS is now... No root for this gal : )Pros:First and foremost, smooth feel and amazing touch sensitivity of screen....HD Super Amoled is as good or better than S Amoled Plus - quality of images and fonts is best I have ever seen on any phoneSooooo ::::fast:::: ZERO lag and i already have 50+ apps addedSo many amazing exclusive Samsung features (motion/Sbeam/S-pen etc)Sooooo ::::fast:::: ZERO lagExcellent build qualitySooooo ::::fast:::: ZERO lagVery loud volumeSooooo ::::fast:::: ZERO lagBattery life is fantastic..Play with it nonstop all day still over 50%Sooooo ::::fast:::: ZERO lag2GB Ram & 1.6 Quad Core Exynos proc... wowza!Camera is fast and great qualityJellybean O/S on this phone is the icing on the cake..oh & did i mention its sooooo fast? lolSeriously, a better Android experience you WILL NOT FIND.And if you think its too big, think about this: Experts predict just about EVERYONE will have 5-6 inch devices as their personal device within 2 yearsTGG*****UPDATE*****STRAIGHT TALK:Wanted to add what i put in that other post for anyone thinking of buying & using this device with Straight Talk- It works awesome:I saw their poor coverage map when i first signed on 5 mos ago and i was like "whaaaa?" I was amazed they could generate business with such a poor map on their OWN site but then because sooooo many ppl said they were getting great coverage despite those maps, i figured i'd TRY it. I figured i'd run BOTH for one month (at a cost of 45.00 + 15.00 activ fee) but honestly after just 3 days coverage was so awesome and comparable to AT&T i cancelled ATT immediately and from that point on never ONCE had an issue. ST is unlike most bargains because this gift keeps on giving with every months bill : )*****UPDATE*****Regarding NO WARRANTY:The company i purchased from (WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS) ships out of California and all their devices are from ONE place (Samsung UK and the device has a 30 day warranty with THEM & then a 1 year mfg with Samsung UK. I asked her how painful the process is and she said she had to send them her own personal device last year and it was a totally non hassel experience, cost her nothing and she said she was without the phone for just 2 weeks...They welcome any questions before ordering (theres a 1-888# in their profile) so nice & helpful. They have high ratings, 33000+ this year alone. For just 29.00 they Fed Exed overnite. Very happy with my purchase*****UPDATE*****TWO WEEKS LATER:Not one complaint and i am still in complete awe of how flawlessly this device runs. Not one issue : ) This is the FIRST device i ever had where i didn't notice a "ticking clock of my 14 or 30 day return period".From practically the moment i turned it on and began using it, it was "home" and there was just no way i would want to return it and wait for the "the next best thing"... I honestly can see being happy with the device for at least ONE YEAR (maybe even more!) regardless of what comes out.And i still wouldn't dream of rooting it, and this is from someone that has rooted approx 30 devices and in the past wouldn't even consider using an UNROOTED Android device : )Straight Talk still running flawlessly on it, avg approx 3-5MB consistantly....
Nice has worked for years now and have loaded many roms.
Great price. Excellent fit
bien
i love my phone alot i can put it down
GREAT, PERFECT IN VENEZUELA WITH FUNCTIONAL LS TTRES TELEPHONE COMPANIES
Good Product
It's like a 6 months that I got this phone ! No problem..so far so good! I actually love my device!perfect! Thanks guys! I am so happy:)
Is a good phone to buy.is amazing I love it. I will recommend this for someone to buy. Is good.
Excelente tlf de EXCELENTE calidad, sin duda el mejor del mercado, realmente lo amo mas que a mi novio :D. estoy mas que contenta con mi galaxy note II
This Phone is so the Bomb. It beats the SIII and Iphone 5.It can at the right day before late ship.The problem thing is when a got this phone, it's in German-the manual and so as the phone but I changed it to English- the phone.Anyways you gotta get this phone its awesome. Quad-core is special. the phone is so fast.The Next Launcher is the thing that drinks it's battery.Anyways get this phone!!Buy'em!!! Before the sell out so BUY'EM!You'll love it!
I bought this for my AT&T service and it works great!For those looking for LTE the GT-N7105 will work with AT&T as well.
It's not that big, it's a great phone, and the display is just amazing, I'm very pleased with the product.
This phone has everything you need. It's a tablet and a phone. With a 5.5 in. screen, you can see everything and watching videos on it is ridiculously awesome. The two cameras take thee best pictures I have ever seen. All-around great phone
First time to try an android device and I can sa that I am very much satisfied with this purchase. Larger screen size is worth the extra bulk compared to my iphone 4s. No issues so far :)
I did not get the review of the individual who received the package. I will know soon. Overall Sansung makes good products
awesome phone! got here quick too! very impressed. i was a little nervous paying so much online ar first....but when my package arrived i was very relieved. thank you
I won't go into deals about the phone because I think others have done really good reviews (read reviews from the gray phone as well) but I will go into details about my experience.Here are few things I want to focus on:1- INTEGRATION: what I mean here is the integration between apps and the main functionality of the phone. I use the calling feature a lot ( expected ) but also I don't want to launch each individual social app to find someone I want to SMS/Chat/Call. Basically it has a "universal" contacts so if you use Tango/Viper/WhatsApp/Skype/Google Voice you will find it so easy to find the person and do whatever you want. I make lots of international calls so I use 3rd party app to make phone calls (along with GVoice). I've used this 3rd party with the iPhone but it was buggy and it always crashes plus I have to launch it each time and find a person to call. With Android, I can just configure the app to be used when I call internationally. The same goes for Google Voice.2- NOTIFICATION: I use social apps like WhatsApp alot but with the iPhone it used to drain battery and not work properly with the iOS notification. I've to open it all the time to make sure someone is talking to me. The notification for this phone (probably Android thing) is just amazing. With the power and memory of this phone, all apps just push their notification smoothly. Slide down with your finger from top to bottom and you see all your notifications. It could get annoying but you can always turn it off or silent your phone.3- S-PEN: As others have mentioned, this is probably the best part of the phone. I can't imagine not using it and believe me you will just love it. It has so much features and is very precise when writing. I use it almost all the time.4- BATTERY: I charge the phone at night only. I use it from the time I wake up till I charge it again at midnight. I won't exaggerate if I say that I use it heavily from sending emails, to lots of FB to youtube to all social apps (Skype/SMS/WhatsApp/Viper/Tango) to email and lots of browsing and it will survive till the end of the day. The screen is almost on 75% of the time. I have to say that while it is not a PC but I've not used my PC that much since I got this phone.5- SPEED: with all the points above, switching between all the apps I work with is just blazing fast. No lag whatsoever. It is very fast and loads quickly.6- MULTI-TASKING: You can literally use two apps at the same time (not all apps though). Just drag an app from the side menu to the screen and it will split both ups (top and bottom)7- AUTO-COMPLETE/SENTENCE COMPLETION: it is so amazing smart I literally type few letters and it gives me so many options to finish. It also predicts the next word based on your selection and you type a 15 words SMS in 5 seconds. As an FYI, it does this for more than ONE language I use (English/Arabic). With the iPhone, it was really a piss off. Each time it overwrites what I type and I keep hitting the erase/back key on the keyboard.8- CONTINUOUS WRITING: For both languages I use - again - I just move the S-PEN (or my finger) on the keyboard and it will accurately finish words for me. I am honestly surprised at its accuracy. About 90% of the time it is always correct. English accuracy is higher than when I type in Arabic.9- SIMPLE MOBILE/T-MOBILE: I live in Northern VA and there are so many new towers with the 1900 band. However only when I am next to them I get 3G/HSPA+ but the speed - while driving; I know :) - is about 5.5Mbps down and 2.5Mbps uploads. 99.9% of the time I am on EDGE. I might move to Simple Talk but to be honest I do a lot of SMS internationally. If Simple Talk will cut off my line when sending couple of International SMSs then that would be crazy. The majority of my time is at work or at my home. At work I use the PC so I don't care about 3G/4G while at home I use my Wifi. At the end of the day, you need to really evaluate your needs. EDGE is more than enough for me for email/light social apps.10- TABLET ALTERNATIVE: I would only use a table for reading books since I've 100's of technical PDF books. I've read few large Apress PDF technical books and I can see myself reading from this phone straight. I don't think it will be ideal but it was just so hard on the iPhone since I was constantly zooming in and out.11- FINGERPRINTS: I am not sure if I read some reviews that said it does not get fingerprints easily but this is not true. It is like a magnet and don't listen to their reviews.Finally, I was lucky to get my two phones from Amazon LLC and not a third party seller. I just don't trust these guys for the amount I paid for my phones and I was lucky to get the last two white ones. I've really enjoyed the phone every time I use it and it is worth every penny. I don't think I need to jump to any phone for few years to come (unless I break this, hopefully not).Finally thanks to all the previous 5-star reviewers here at Amazon. They've done really a good job giving this phone with it deserves.
This phone is hands down amazing. I'm not going to get into much specs, the battery lasts very long, the phone has many features, it looks great, feels great, is very fast, works with many sim cards. If you wan specifics google it. Thanks!!!
Purchased this lovely cellular device for my mother, she loves it, only thing it resets itself when you turn it off but it might be her phone provider that does it. Anyways it's a good phone for anyone. Long battery life.
Ive changing phone a lot but this one ive use kt 8 months then i change it for an iphone 5 (huge mistake) android phone are the best ones
Best phone i ever had. Completely satisfied. Fast delivery. Very happy. Dont have 1 single complaint. Cut my straight talk sim from a google search template. Installed perfect. Works great. Even got flashplayer and pdf reader installed.
the BEST BUY I've done... it works perfectly and it arrived very well... i love this item and i recommend this seller for this kind of stuff.NICE JOB.!
Phone works fine. It's always on roam or sometimes the Internet will not depending where you are. All the other features work great.
Grest product and excellent customer service. Since I brought the product I havr not had any issues eith it. The company I got it from went out of their way to even provide me with an adaptor.
wow it isbest greatest best smartest phone ever.I choose that so many people recommend me to have this.I really feel so gooooooooooooooooooooooooooood having this phone
Le doy 5 estrella porque es una maquinaMe gusta por que el teléfono es otro nivelLo recomiendo por que le va a impresionar
This is my first time using Note II, it's easier to operate and so good to open and reading a webpage. Think I will use it for a long time.
I JUS LOVE IY!!!! IT IS THE BEST MOBILE (PHABLET) I EVER HAD!!! IT HAS A VERY GOOD CAMERA WITH GOOD RESOLUTIONS ON PICTURES.
I love that phone, big~ and it very easy to use... iam not iphone fans... but differently better than Iphone..
Best Phone Ever! The S4 is better, but this one is Better that I thought! Better than the Samsung Galaxy S3
I chose this rating because my wife absolutly loves this phone. After setting it up for her I almost wanted to get one for myself.
I would suggest some sort of tutorial to come with the phone. There is a lot to know as the phone can do almost anything. Love it! This will replace my phone and travelling with the laptop-a word to the wise when you go to set up your phone with your carrier as the phone takes a micro sim card and not all carriers have them
good
good product in the market
Excellent
Highly recommended!!! A+++
this is good item
Lovely phone, delivered excellently. Packaged so well and safe to insure safe delivery. I am so pleased. I will buy more. Very vast delivery.
They are very nice and good thank you
it looks new but it should be new because the seals of the box is broken. It shouldn't be an original factory unlocked phone. Anyway, the phone is in good condition and is functioning very well.
I love it a good phone
Excellent.
I love it. . As good as brand new... express delivery
Best battery life I have ever seen in a phone. Still over 50% battery life when my Nokia and iPhone are completely dead. I hope that this phone proves to be as reliable as my Nokia and iPhone. I will keep you updated.
I bought this phone to replace my old Galaxy S3 which has seen better days to say the least.When I received this phone, I noticed all the instructions and everything else inside the box was in Korean. But who needs instructions? I just put those back in the box and turned the phone on. Well, turns out the phone itself is also in Korean. Apparently this phone was intended to be sold in Korea. No matter however. The first screen that pops up has a drop down box, just open it up and you'll be able to select your language. Oh, and the stock keyboard is also in Korean. You'll have to change the keyboard settings in 'Language and Input' in your system settings, and I would recommend replacing it with any third party keyboard from Google Play.I just popped in my SIM card and was up and running within minutes. Using the CyanogenMod installer ((Google it if you wish)) I had this thing running on CyanogenMod Android within the first hour after I opened the box. As great as the phone is already, running CyanogenMod will truly unlock this phones capabilities.The S Pen is one of the greatest things about this phone. Makes jotting down a few notes extremely easy especially if you're in a hurry! 10/10 would recommend this phone to family and friends. Thanks Samsung!
Excelents
excellent
Great phone! It may not be as the newer version but it works just as great!
Fast delivery and worked great.
very goo
excelente
I did not know that it can only use mimi-simcards. I don't really think that that makes it very "international" as the title says. Other than that, the phone is everything I wanted and more. Greaut Buy!
Great！ Love it. I love android and the last phone I used is G12. That is far away foem this one!
Absolutely the best phone currently on the market. If you are at all hesitant about the size, dont be.yes it is big, but it fits nicely in most pockets. Furthermore the extra screen relistate is amazing for web browsing.
if you are looking for a power house phone go and grab it. its a amazing phone. 100 out of 100 pts.
SAMSUNG did it again, the best telephone with robots inside.Yes, I highly recommend this phone over any other brand.
ME LLEGO EL PEDIDO A TIEMPO, COMPLETO Y EN BUENAS CONDICIONES LO RECOMIENDO NO HE VISTO NINGUNO TAN COMPLETO COMO ESTE
What I can say? Excellent condition, very well protected. I really love it, it's amazing how you discover something new and different every day.
If you can deal with the size, this phone is the best out there.Great screen, super fast and responsive.
ME ENCANTA ESTE SMARTPHONE YA SABIA QUE IBA A SER COMO LO DESPUES DE TENERLO EN LA MANO OK GOOG
All the process was perfect thanks, the envelope was great and the goods wad excelent im very happy with the product
Good
good product.
Initially the phone needed a unlock code. I contacted the seller and within minutes everything was taken care of. My daughter loves her new phone. I highly recommend this seller.. excellent customer service.I have 4 or these in my family now.. everyone is satisfied
Years later and I still have this phone with ZERO problems! The phone is still in top shape!
Muy bueno.
Love this phone
Excelente producto
The phone is still working perfectly fine and I am very happy with the purchase.A genuine seller.
all excellent , thank you very much
First of all, if you are the type of guy that wears tight pants…This phone is not for you.Women won’t have a problem like a lot of people think, cause most of the time they have their phones in a bag! If you are a creative and artistic producer, director, photographer even screenwriters, this phablet (phone/tablet) is definitely for you. Some Key Features are:• Quad-band GSM and quad-band 3G with 21 Mbps HSDPA and 5.76 Mbps HSUPA supportThe international version comes with 3G but NOT LTE keep this in mind if you want some LTE speed.• 5.5" 16M-color Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen of HD (720 x 1280 pixel) resolutionThe screen is vibrant and vivid, and in the setting you can either change it for normal or movie, under normal preset you’ll get a lot more battery life though.• Android OS v4.1 with TouchWiz launcherOf course the android version at the time of release was Jelly Bean 4.1, but Samsung is already prepping an upgrade to 4.2.2, when you first connect your phone to kies or a wireless router you be prompted to update, this will take you to version 4.1.2 for the time being.• 1.6 GHz quad-core Cortex-A9 CPU, Mali-400MP GPU, 2GB of RAM, Exynos 4412 Quad chipsetCurrently one of the fastest CPU’s around, I noticed no glitches or crashes for the 2 months test period I ran the Note II trough. The TouchWiz of Samsung runs fluently with the android OS and even with a full HD Live Wallpaper it kept performing at its best.• S Pen active stylus with deep system integrationThe S-Pen is a piece of art. The best touch pen you’ll find out there, the precision is awesome, and customization in S-Note is endless, Its does everything you need for taking notes, changing color with the press of a button, changing letter types when using the curser. Inserting bullets and number.It’s like having your own personal touch proof Microsoft office. With the S-pen you can also do the famous AirView. By simply hovering over the text and date on your calendar you can preview what is actually on the specific date. But also in the photo/video gallery you can preview what’s in a folder or view the video without having to open it.• 8 MP wide-angle lens autofocus camera with LED flash, face, smile and blink detectionThe camera has a lot of features with AF and a bunch of other options you can take pictures that would leave professional photographers stunned, from night view till panorama, I would just take a day off and go take some pictures you’ll se that like the S-Pen the camera also have some hidden secrets.• 1080p HD video recording at 30fpsHD recording like the HD pictures doesn’t stay behind, there is 120fps, for high speed recording if you want to add some slow motion effect to your video, but there is also in recording zooming, so you’ll never have to stop and start again.Of course there are a lot more cool features in the galaxy like:• 16/32GB internal storage, microSD slot• Dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n support• GPS with A-GPS connectivity; GLONASS support, Digital compass• NFC support• Stereo Bluetooth v4.0• microUSB port with USB host and TV-out (1080p) support, MHL, charging• Accelerometer, gyroscope and proximity sensor• Standard 3.5 mm audio jack• Great audio quality• Slim at only 9.4mm• 1.9MP secondary video-call camera• Document editor and file manager comes preinstalled• Extremely rich video and audio codec support• Huge 3100 mAh battery can give up to 16 hours of regular day use (Tested)But there are also some drawbacks like:• Large size makes single-hand operation problematic• No dedicated camera key• All plastic construction (would have probably weighed a ton otherwise, though)• No FM radio (the N7100 has one)And of course, only the international version has FM radio capability.
bien
I love this phone, without a doubt the best phone out at the moment. Galaxy S4 included.The sheer number of features is amazing, it's like they thought of everything, even the idea that this many features could be daunting. This is why they included an "easy mode". Brilliant.The phone is huge. I have big hands and while it sits comfortably in the palms of my hands most of the time, there are times where single hand use gets a little tricky to reach every corner of the phone. A small sacrifice compared to the great feeling of watching video and playing games and surfing the internet, and my favorite and number one reason for my purchase- the ability to draw on it like a Wacom tablet.Who would love this phone: Tech forward people. People who love tinkering. Artists. People with big hands.Who might not: iPhone diehards, because it's not an iPhone. People with smaller hands because it will at times require the use of (gasp) two hands. I was going to put people that just want something that makes calls and checks email, but the aforementioned "easy mode" takes care of that.p.s I got the Flip Cover out of personal preference because the phone is not exactly super thin. I recommend a rubber case, but it will make the phone noticeably thick (IMO).
I have now two of them. Because if I lost one I couldn't survive without it!. This is my honest opinion.
I gave this product five stars because the functionality and options found on this phone. The size of the screen makes it easy to review notes, books and brochures. switching from one application to the next is quick and easy. The one thing I dislike about Samsung is that you have to download another app to print. The Samsung device will only let you print on a Samsung printer
Wonderful: I am enjoying using my Galaxy Note II. All my information is stored in my drop box and can be accessed by my MacBookPro at anytime. I can send and receive picture messages. All I need is my Galaxy Note II and I have everything I need.
my husband loves it. the screen is big enough for his poor eyesight ,he wants to bring it anywhere,especially on our travels abroad. but the only thing he hates about it,is he needs to recharge it too often.
Love this phone. I felt it was a little big initially, but got used to it. You wont like using a different phone after this. I bought this phone from amazon which i recommend.
Thanks!
Good
Excellent
Great Cell Phone,Does what it's suppose to I would recomend to anybody
Good product
exelente
This is a good phone, reasonable price and quality.
It's a great phone/tablet so far, but there's just this small problem that bugs me. It doesn't show the date. I clearly selet "show date and time" in the setting, but it doesn't show the date at all. I don't know how to fix it. Wonder if anybody out there having the same problem and know how to fix it.
I gave this to my wife and she love it. She changed her view of technology and now is attached to smart phones. Excellent battery life, better screen. Can't wait to change mine to Galaxy Note 3
The best decision ever! I love my phone. The supplier delivered on time. The only downlow was the fact that I had to be at the house to receive it. It went back twice. . Other than that I extremely happy. Thank you
definitivamente lo recomiendo, tenía toda la info especificada antes de comprar y siguió así en orden hasta que llego a mis manos fuera de EEUU, gracias! amo mi cel :)I definitely recommend it, had all the info specified before buying and remained so in order until I get my hands outside the U.S., thanks! i love my cel.
I had the original Note before but this one takes the cake.Pros:Excellent speedVery clear conversations on phone, the loudspeaker & using Bluetooth headsetBattery life is more than what I expected (2 to 3 days)Fits nicely in handCons:Cannot move apps to external SD cardGreat buy, definitely worth every penny.
oh man this phone is so cool and work so good easy to use I like the sizegreat phone
I ordered this European model unlocked phone at a price I could not match in the US.. Transaction and delivery were smooth. Item was as described. Super easy set up. I just took the SIM card out of my old phone and installed it in my new phone.I had a little trouble using the phone since no manual was included and the phone has a lot of features. My service provider employee at a mall kiosk was helpful with directions and being able to add a chip for extra memory. I like the big screen. Using internet is much easier. Photos seem grainy, but that could be my inexperience. I love some of the pre-installed apps, like being to take photos that look like pencil sketches. My granddaughter loves the pen feature that allows her to draw original pictures. She can take a selfie and put "make up " on it.
Great price and fast shipping the best phone!!!
This phone is awesome and I love the things you can do with the s pen. Perfect for detail oriented people.
This phone is the best phone I have ever had. It is fast, easy to use and is loaded with Samsung's and Google's software packages.. I am using MetroPcs with this phone and it read the SIM card right away and took over my phone number from my prior Verizon account. I have used this phone extensively this past week on the Internet as well as receiving 4GLTE like service (H+).The quad core processor makes this phone a speed demon when connected to wifi. Needlesss to say I am very pleased with this purchase. I also have a Samsung Note 2 8 inch tablet I am also very happy with.
If you never try a note, please give it a try. I call this phone a phablet. It does what it is supposed to do. I have had this phone for almost a year and I don't think I will need a new one for a very long time.
Since I purchased the phone I had no problems at all, I even go abroad and use my phone with their service provider, no problems at all. The only thing is the phone is a little heavy you need Bluetooth Headsets if you want to talk a little longer.
Yes, it's good!But I donot give five star cause I received phone was not a white one, but I ordered white.Others are good!
I bought this phone because I didn't want to contract myself to any company. I also am planning to travel so I wanted one that is easy suitable for SIM cards. This one has two slots for SIM (the european and US). It looks great and I have had it for over a month now and it works awesome. The design is beautiful and screen is huge. Camera is absolutely outstanding! Pictures are sharp and great quality including zoom. I use this phone with Simple mobile company and pay just 40 dollars a month with unlimited everything.Speakers are also very good and so is the music coming out of it. I would recommend it to anyone of my friends. Very happy with my purchase.
I am in Pittsburgh and this device could use the T-mobile HSPA+ Network. It's really fast,though LTE is not available.
big screen is certainly the catch.My major concern for any Samsung phone is the life of the battery.this battery is good for two days. Consider my wife playing this phoneat lot, it is decent.
This phone surpassed my expectations for the first week I've had it. It's bigger than any phone I've ever had but not too cumbersome, especially if you use a headset to make calls. I won't go into all the specs (those have been covered already), but this a great phone.
Love everything this phone does. I recommend it to anyone who is creative and wants to record every idea, etc.
Love the picture size, the stylus for free hand writing, and the apps available. It exceeds my expectations, and I wouldn't go back to a smaller android phone.
Words can NOT express how powerful this phone is. I upgraded from a Galaxy Note 1 International and the 2gb of RAM on Note 2 makes a WORLD of difference. I installed all my old apps that were on my first Galaxy Note, plus Coldfustion's 3D UI which takes up about 300 to 400mb of RAM total itself ( 7 or 10 apps to get the ColdFustion look)I bought my Note 2 used and Unfortunately the seller i bought this from didn't mention a small scratch on the screen that is noticeable any time the screen is off or there is black background behind it... Had i known this, i woulda' paid 50 dollars more for a new one... I'm so in love with the power of Galaxy Note II, that i couldn't mail it back for a refund lolAnd its probably a scratch that will end up there after a few months of owning it myself so at least i saved 50 bucks.
It works on Tmobile USA prepaid network. My previous phone is a blackberry and this is my first android. A great platform with lots of customization possible. Love the quart-core processor. Browsing on the web is seamless. Love the alarm functions, calender, organizer, apps and lots more. The phone is large and does not fit all pockets my clothes. I use it for almost everything but call. If you talk a lot on the phone this may be too large for smaller hands (gets uncomfortable if you have to grip it for too long one handed). May not be a phone for everyone but sure is great for me so far.
Wanted rhis phone as soon asi seen it ITS GREAT SUPER FAST SIZE IS NOT A PROBLEM i upgraded from a iphone 4s rhis blows it away
This is a very good phone, especially if you need large text for people with bad eye sight. The user interface is very clear and smooth.
samsung got a winer phone here good work samsung i love it it rocks like google rocks it like a computer
I received the Note with Hungarian instructions. I got on-line and found a complete manual. I downloaded it on a memory stick. It was full speed after I got the sim card from my provider and memory card from my old phone. I love the colors and clarity and the speed is great. I take long trips and needed a smaller computer to keep up with my messages. This little baby will take care of my needs just fine (PLUS its a phone!!) Thanks to all who had anything to do with creating this little jewel.
I love my note 2 everything about it is awesome... I have the note 1 but the note 2 is a lot better.
Excelent price/performance. My wife (I bought it for her) loves it!! Almost replaced her tablet and uses mostly this phone and her laptop.
I got this phone brand new although the language was set in Taiwanese but the wall charger was broken but other than that it's an amazing phone
The screen is properly big for me,I have Iphone 4S,and I like the screen more than Iphone's because of the size. For the speed,I still like Iphone more than Samsung
The phone works very well, the sound, video and pen are all in good state. The user manual is not in my language, but I didn't ask for that though, and it's fine without the manual.
good and it think that it is very useful and my mother was very happy when she saw this phone
It is the best cellphone I have. I recommand it. It is a little expensive, but it is worth this price.
clean and in good order. I really love it.
excelent
Perfect. Thanks.
all samsungs love to slow down and hang on you.. could have bought an iphone but went for the bogger screen.. and in two years the iphone 6 comes home.. aaaaargh
A+
I like it
Love this phone! Better than the note 3
Highly recommend; product as described and timely shipment. Thanks so much!
Fast service, but battery dies very fast it never lasts through an entire day. I was going to return it for other reasons, but decided to give it as a gift wish I'd followed my first instinct & returned it. Now the gift is worthless and we're now looking for yet another phone
this is like the U.S. version, I didn't notice any difference, amazing phone, recommended if your eyes are tired from the "little screen" smartphones in the market,
Very happy with this note II, 8 months later I still found new features, some parts of the phone started to peel off, and I hate the fact that the note III is out already. I don't see the point in changing phones every year, for the price they must have a longer lifespan
I really loved being an iphone user and have always respected both apple and android for their efforts in bringing us the best choice possible in technology. I decided to make the jump when I found out that the new iphone wouldn't be changing the screen size proportionally. Oh Apple, why did you think lengthening the screen without widening it was a good idea?So I decided to make the jump to android after realizing my want for a bigger screen couldn't be satisfied anymore staying with the iphone. The iphone is still great, still my top choice for usability, android is catching up tho.This phone is awesome for the screen size. I love it, even tho I have a Nexus 4 and put this one aside for a bit I'm back to using it full time. I can't explain how odd it is going from this to a smaller sized screen. It's just weird.My only complaint is this and really any phone that isn't a google phone will take ages for the manufacturers to update. I think they could do much better especially with their flagship devices. I guess that's what the custom rom scene is great for....
The best phone I ever have! I spent months speculating on what phone to buy. I chose between S3, Iphone 5 then when the note 2 debut! I had no second thoughts!
Big screenGoogle MapFastest cpu. If you are looking for a smart phone this is the one you should buy.
Designed for unmatched multitasking, the Galaxy Note II combines the ease of pen and paper plus advanced Smartphone technology. the only problem i found with Samsung Galaxy Note II 2 N7100 not with phone with seller i got the phone and it was scratch on screen maybe it happened during shipment. The rest it's amazing phone you can do anything. I like the feature it's smooth
Really love the new Note 2. The Screen and camera are really great. The size it's not a big deal, as a mater of fact I love the size. It's easy to switch from the Note to my Asus Transformer when I need more screen size.
If you are on the fence about purchasing the Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 Unlocked GSM International Version White, rest assured that you will be getting what I dear say is the most advanced phone/tablet on the market to date. What are the features of this phone? What can it do? It may actually be easier to tell you what it can't do.I've had lots of different makes and models of cell phones over the years, including Blackberry and Iphone but I dear say that this is by far the best phone that I've ever owned, it has way more features than I may ever actually use. The Samsung Galaxy Note II makes the great Iphone seem very BORING in comparison.This being the international version, I initially had a little trouble with getting Apps from the Samsung Apps Store, every time I tried I got an Error Message that was basically stating that the Samsung Apps was registered in one Country and my Samsung account was from another country so I was unable to get any Apps for the Samsung Apps Store. (If you are having the same problem, just let me know and I'll help you fix the issue).The level of customization on this phone is simply amazing, I know that you will happy with this purchase, unless you have an issue with the size, let's face facts this is a big phone but it is by far the best out there, a total beast when it comes to processing power.P.S. I must make mention of this just to let you know happened when I made my purchase so you can take precaution when making yours.I purchased my Samsung Galaxy Note II form a seller known as "Techno.Trading.House" but was fulfilled by Amazon. When I received the package, there were no seals on the box, there should be a seal on each side, it should also have a plastic film on the screen as well as the back of the phone, but the one on the back was missing and there was minor scratches on the back of the phone.When I took the plastic film off of the screen there were finger prints all over and the battery was not in a plastic bag as it was supposed to be, taking all of these things into consideration, it lead me to believe that someone opened this box and placed the battery into the phone probably out of curiosity, whatever the reason, someone clearly TAMPERED with my phone scratching the back cover in the process.When I checked the log it showed that the phone was in use for over 5.5 minutes, apart from this, the phone seems to be in perfect working condition with no scratches on the screen whatsoever.My advice to you is to purchase from Amazon or from a seller whose product is fulfilled by Amazon in order for you to be covered by Amazon.When Amazon heard of my issue, they apologized for what happened and told me that products from other sellers that are fulfilled by them is from the sellers stock, and they promptly offered me a full refund so I can re-order, which I thought was great on their part, Amazon always like to see their customer be happy with their purchase.I told Amazon that I don't think that a full refund was necessary in this case as the phone works great otherwise so they offered my a 20% refund for the condition in which I received the phone, this I accepted as I consider this fair for all.PLEASE be careful who you purchase from, these phones are not cheap in any way, if you were to look at "Techno.Trading.House" seller's profile & feedback rating you will see mostly 5 star ratings which may give a false sense of security, make sure that your purchase is covered by Amazon for your peace of mind.
Good Battery life,Great Screen resolution and vivid, sharp color.The best ---- FAST performance speed. S-NOTE is great for jot down words needed, especially during the phone calls
The title says it all. This is simply an amazing phone. If you have medium sized or large hands it is not at all to big.I am not going to repeat all the other reviews: It is simply an amazing phone!
I am an iPhone convert thank to this one. The shackles have been lifted and android is great. The phone is big and if you are good with that - then you found your ideal mobilish companion. Got it with Polish as the default language (I guess the International version) and customized it to my needs. Great machine.
Simply put. A powerful cellular phone capable of performing functions of a tablet. I think it is the best phone ever produced to date. I won't be surprised if Apple would follow this trend.
Love the phone and shipping was fast. Will Defintinly order from this seller again. The only thing I hate is it doesn't come with a 64GB internal harddrive but its not a deal breaker. Otherwise really great phone.
this is a great phone. the size is a non-issue. in fact it's necessary for note taking with the device having a stylus.. err S-Pen as one of the main reasons i considered this phone. Everything about this phone feels different from all the androids I've tried. I chose this over the nexus 4 and i don't regret it. it's not perfect however. here are some of the things that could be improved:1. phone needs to switch the menu button with the back button. almost all androids have it the other way i don't know why samsung put the back button on the right side. this is especially problematic when writing notes with the S-pen and my hand keeps hitting the back button.2. If you like the read aloud feature of google books, you have to turn on the talkback feature and disable airview (the feature that lets the s-pen communicate with the phone before it touches the screen. this isn't too hard but it's still 2 extra steps compared to my previous nexus where the read aloud is just 1-2 clicks away; no need to play with the accessibility settings.3. S-note doesn't let you zoom into the page so you can write more. Handy Note and Antipaper Notes does this well.4. touchwiz is feature rich and i love it but it doesn't conform with android's holo theme which is more sophisticated looking5. if you enjoy video maker in note 1, it's missing in note 2 for some reason. they replaced it with "video editor" in the samsung apps market but it's not exactly the same. it removed the ability to edit and annotate the video with s-pen input.6. google music widget is ugly while the samsung media player (widget) doesn't work with google music at all.7. changing the wallpaper takes too many steps.8. they need to improve the calendar app. the widget doesn't show the S-pen marks. and i heard samsung calendar doesn't sync with google calendar. not sure about that.9. image search syncs with images in dropbox but not google picasa. that was a big disappointment to me. there were so many times i wanted to pull out some image from my google photos and it only shows me the ones in my phone and in my dropbox account.the positives:1. the S-Pen is awesome and can be used in many ways. this is a stylus-centric OS.2. screen is big and beautiful3. FASSSST. no lags. i can do anything. 2 GB RAM!!4. battery life is great. 1 1/2 day for typical users and 1 day for power users.5. you get 50gb of dropbox storage for free (for 2 yrs).6. works with google voice.7. syncs with facebook contacts8. click "add shortcut to home" for your favorite contacts and put them in one folder, it's like a speed dial! there's also actual speed dial. samsung handled the address book well.9. 2 wonderful unique ways to type: one is using the s-pen and swyping with it and second is text recognition when you write with the s-pen or just your finger. it's not perfect but it's awfully accurate. most of my problems with it is it capitalizes when it's not supposed to but the letters are usually correct.10. scrapbooking! i have installed flicker, ebay, 500px, Fancy and Pinterest so i can search and clip items to be put in my scrapbook. discover wonderful s-pen apps like comicbook, flipaclip, paper artist, photo desk, photo editor, sketchbook, notes on life and papyrus. try the game sudoku with s-pen input. these are all s-pen specialized apps.11. you'll love evernote with this phone. also try catch.12. ChatOn is a wonderful chat program that's cross platform but with the S-pen you can do a lot more with animated messages and edited images from your scrapbook. you can even record what you're doing in your screen with the right productivity apps. e-mail and messaging are more powerful with the s-pen.3. accessories: the moga controller, the samsung dongle, the all powerful dock, a slew of nice cases (if the note 1 was any indication).so although i would be unhappy that this won't prob. get instant updates from google, this is however a version i can get stuck with for 2 yrs. touchwiz isn't too bad and you can't go wrong with 2GB of RAM.
perfect, I like it! I want to buy other one. I bought Note 2 White, it look very beautiful ! it from factory Samsung.
Ordered with 1-3 day expedited shipping. Delivered the very next day. Brand new, in Samsung's sealed packaging.Looks like it's imported from France or was destined for the french market, since the startup wizard had the default language set to french.The phone is really light for it's size, and the battery life is superb. 2 days running on the out-of-box charge of about 60%, with moderate web, youtube, email and call usage.Skype works great with the front camera. The stylus is cool! Takes some getting used to, not just the stylus, even the device and android jelly bean with samsung mods as a whole, with all the shortcuts and movement gestures. Samsung does a lot of innovation, and it shows here.. whether you are an Apple fan or not or don't care.4G works, not yet tested the network data speeds. Voice quality is better than my previous iPhone 4, probably many factors involved in that.You will need to buy a micro SDHC or SDXC card, preferably before starting to use the device, since this one does not come by default with a card.
As an owner of the original Galaxy Note, let me just start by saying most of the issues or "annoyances" felt in version 1 have been ironed out in version 2.Everything is better with the Note 2. The speed of this thing is awesome. Windows fly open with easy and smoothness, faster screen switching and all around a more solid feel in the operating system. It is hard to describe. I highly recommend just playing with one at the stores and you will instantly feel its awesomeness.Love the extra features, multi-tasking (although I hope future versions support all apps), better S Note capabilities and touch/feel. This thing takes stunning photos and videos. Love all the new photo add-ons....voice activating the shot by saying "Cheese!" is killer. Photo buffs will love all the new Android 4.1 features.Everything shown on the screen is literally breathtaking. All my friends are jealous when I show it to them. Take that tiny iPhone! Battery life is awesome, my biggest complaint regarding the Note 1.Note: Rooting! I rooted my phone, but user beware. If you root this phone, mine stopped getting updates via Kies and the phone's update system. I had to get download of the latest international firmwares, and install it manually. Not hard, and ensures you are always up to date. If doing this, make sure you write down your current Baseband and Build number in Settings/About Device section and get the latest available build that matches the country code. Google it. I highly recommend backing up your current ROM/firmware if you do any rooting.Love the phone....wish it was cheaper, but well worth the money and upgrade from the Note 1. Highly recommend it!
Omg, this phone is the most beautiful electronic! It has made me fall in love again. It makes me think and feel, what iphoney!? If everyone could just get their hands on one of these babies!!!!! As long as Samsung keeps doing what it does on their products.. I will ALWAYS keep on being a Samung customer. I will never go back to any other brands as long as more notes II keep coming out!!!!!!
I just recently purchased this phone and all I can say is wow! I am never bored with it and I cant seem to put it down. there is no end to its functionality. I never played games on any of my previous devices but now the large screen makes me enjoy playing games(currently addicted to CK Zombies). It is also good for viewing and editing documents, you would have to download Polaris from the Samsung store or any other document viewing app you prefer.
I ordered the Note 2 on Sunday night, received the item on Tuesday night. The phone works perfect, box still got seal and everything is brand new. Highly recommended seller!
First,I purchased this phone through Amazon but it was just fulfilled by them so I will not lower the rating cause I received an open box item that was already used cause it's NOT the products fault! I did end up ordering through a different venue and am VERY glad that I have this phone now... It is screaming fast and begs for attention from everyone... This is the fastest and smoothest phone I have ever owned and I am a phone junky!! I really like that they made ALL of the US variants with the same internals as well cause now we have sooo many choices and don't have to sacrifice the hardware because of the networks we are tied to... ( Galaxy S3 ) ;) I actually wanted the International version cause it will get timely updates unlike our garbage US providers that deliver updates whenever they get around to it... I am sick of being tied to a carrier that won't let Android be ANDROID! ( Verizon ) ;) Anyways, there is not really much to say about this phone... It's a BEAST!! Nuff said!!
The galaxy note 2 has to be the best phone every created. I love being able to use the multitasking sucks though that not alot of apps support that function yet though. The battery life is amazing and can take my heavy pounding all day long. The fast charging is no joke its fast. The s pen function that is supposed to beep and vibrant when you leave the pen out and walk away does not work well at all though. The phone can run a littke hot because its a quad core but that's not also a big deal breaker. There is a led light on the top left of the device so you will know when you have a notification. I am not going to root this phone it does not need it like all other phones.
This is a big phone. But makes up for its bulk with its functionality. Android makes it very user friendly. I love it!!
The Samsung Galaxy Note 2 International Version totally met expectations. I was looking for an unlocked phone to pair with a MVNO service. This fit the bill easily and with a few minor tweaks, with help of customer service was able to enjoy voicemail, H+ data (i.e. 3G plus), texting and voice service at a fraction of the monthly price. Another great thing about this phone is that it allows tethering. Just make sure your MVNO allows this too.As for the functionality of the phone itself, you won’t get 4G data, but I was able to achieve 3G Plus (H+) with my carrier. I also noticed phone call quality to be much better than any phone I’ve ever had. Voices seem to be devoid of the treble hiss you’ll get on other phones. As for the display, it’s my first AMOLED display phone. I noticed, blacks to be very black and primary colors to be very vivid, especially reds. As for the smoothness of the phone (processor speed) If you have 8 or 9 apps running at once, you might notice some hiccups especially with scrolling, but if you run less than 8 (from what I saw) you’ll have buttery smooth scrolling. Overall, I am extremely satisfied and just love the huge 5.5” screen.
This is an outstanding phone/tablet.. there are thousands of things that this phone can do: I've been using it for a few days now, and it surprises me every day in the good way. I bought two with Worldwide Distributors and few days later price was decreased 25 dollars each, I understand that market dictates the price, but total difference became 50 usd for the 2 phones!!! with no economy big change whatsoever. I chose Worldwide Distributors because of the sellers rating but my experience was that Seller doesn't fully understand customer concerns, like the average non top companies, where the answer is always: "Can't be done". Unfortunately you never know until you have a purchase experience with Sellers. So my advise is always re check the price with all sellers, and don't get fooled by the stars on the reviews regarding shipping etc, you may regret it. Customer service is more than that. Some companies have 30 days price guarantee, and that makes them better than average companies. You don't usually put attention to that but with pricey stuff this need to be considered.
I have had it for a week and just about to give up using my iPad. The only problem is its use of a MICRO SIM. I chose to use a MVNO (PTEL.COM) they send ONLY a MINI SIM. Finding a way to cut to size was a problem. (Problem of my own making not the Note2.)
Great device, unfortunately has old OS 4.1 and not the new 4.2.2 my wife love it as a gift replaced the iPhone and iPad, only one device
So far, the best Phablet or small tablet-phone to date. This year, will se all new stuff similar to the Note 2, thanks to this succesfull gadget. I'm very happy with it. Fast, accurate, impressive battery life, and well constructed phone.
Satisfação total, recebi dentro do prazo, com condições perfeitas de embalagem. Estou amando o celular, funcionando plenamente inclusive com operadoras do Brasil
The phone is looks exactly new! the seller send it right after I leave the message~~Thank you very much! love it, Hope to trade with you again if have a chance!
Fantastic phone;If the size is what's keeping you from buying this phone, don't think about it for one more second.Blazing Hardware, Jelly Bean, Neat little stylus, Non-Pentile OLED Display, the list goes onOne thing to consider if you're going the prepaid provider route specifically T-Mobile (which I assume you might be since you're purchasing an unlocked phone) is the phone's supported frequencies. T-Mobile is currently in the process of upgrading their towers to from 1700mhz to 1900mhz, depending on where you live you may be stuck with dreadfully slow speeds if the upgrades haven't taken place yet.Aside from that, I'm totally smitten with this phone.
This phone came already jail broken, and takes great pictures. Love the large screen, only wish it had a place for the stylus pen.
if you live in USA be careful as it comes with European plu. cords are not expensive and can be bought anywhere
I really love this phone didn't want a contract I have tmobile service and I love the phone and service I'm gonna buy my husband one for Father's Day!,,,
I've had my galaxy note 2 unlocked international version for almost 2 months.The phone is amazing, electronics wise, but the construction makes it fragile to falls on concrete.So, essentially, the phone alone is too fragile to be used without a case.There are several you tube videos that show the drop tests with screen cracking on the first fall from a waist height.So, I've tried several cases and now ordered otterbox defender. The ionic guardian is decent but i need to carry the phone on my belt, hence the defender.Battery life is excellent: two days on moderate to heavy use. The charger charges the phone in under an hour from 0 %, maybe even just 30 min. It's very convenient, but I just charge mine off the usb port as it is better for the battery's longevity.I love this phone's screen, responsiveness, 64 gb card allows me to upload all my music and photo albums to the phone, not to mention saving offline maps, pages, using the camera freely, etc. I highly recommend getting the maximum capacity card installed.So, productivity, performance, screen quality and battery life are 5 out of 5, it's the fragility of the plastic and the exposed screen that bring my overall rating to 4 stars. I think aesthetics could be compromised a bit for durability and impact resistance.Highly recommend this phone to anyone!
Device is really great, best one if you are looking for something with a good screen size. I strongly recommend it.
Love this phone and its great performance!Jelly Bean is amazing and also the S pen!!Delivering speed is fast,too!Five star, no doubt!
This phone is the ultimate. It does everything and does it well, Easy to learn and manage, great size to replace my tablet in a pinch,
I've been using this phone for about a week and so far I'm LOVING IT!! it soooooo different from any other phones i've used and honestly speaking i think this phone is better then Iphone..... but thats my opinion since i did use an iphone before this. The seller was greatttt and shipped on time and the phone is in perfect condition. OMG im so happy~~~ i would recommend this to ANYONE and EVERYONE! .....Well to those who don't mind big phones!
Me encata mi galaxy es muy bueno , se los recomiendo esta liberado y lo puedo utilizar aqui en venezuela
Not to complain. Really the better phone I got already!I did even some reviews on Youtube... but there are many there!
This phone/tablet is AMAZING! It can do dang near anything..including hand written texts, office docs, memos, I can't even BEGIN to describe it! And buying unlocked is QUICKLY paying for itself! My Family Mobile plan...totally unlimited...is only $40 month! This phone is WELL WORTH IT and then some!!
Excellent 'phoneblet'. Does everything you will need in a phone, and a tablet, given the size and easy portability, compared to carrying a tablet around.
Nothing to say, a a a a a a a a a a very very very good smartphone than iphone
No doubt way better than the iPhone.never gets dull.i have no regrets changing from iOS to android.love the screen size.u get more real estate plus the ability to customize ur Samsung phone.the apps are great too.and since I have the international version I am planning to use this phone when I travel abroad,which I do a lot during the year.eye catcher.and it's not really that hard to carry and use.the s pen is also a plus.simply enjoyed using it.had no problems at all.and yes apple..size does matter.lol.i have a feeling apple will start making these 5 inch screen phones too.wtg Samsung.
The moment i took out the Galaxy Note 2 out of the box,, I was like WOWItem comes with Android JellyBean Ver 4.1.1 and Is as fast as hellSAMSUNG call it creation...I call it PERFECTION
i bought this cel for gift to my wife and she was impacted!!is an experience from out of worldthanks a lot
the best phone i ever knowCamera is not really good color but it fast, has anti shake it what i wanti really love a big screen, it's smooth and helpful
I am still learning how to use him... I am so in love with this Samsung. It's light, functional, fast, great camera. Can't be compared to an apple.... It's just much better than it! It's the perfect combination of a tablet and a smartphone. Congratulations, Samsung!
I'm going to be specific this phone is the best of the best from samsung. I'm a fanatic from other brands but this is the best that i been have. The high quality of this cellphone have the value of every cent you pay for it.
Great smartphone, I guess the best I've had. The seller answered my questions and it arrived when expected. Everything great, nothing to complain.
I have made the right decision to buy the phone through Amazon, it is a very nice feeling, because I know I will be taking care . Everything turn out just fine.
I've owned HTC phone, Nokias, iphones and most recently I owned an SIII, but the screen seemed to always get in the way of a great handheld experience. The Note 2 fulfills my requirements and surpasses a lot of my expectations. There is no lag to speak of when switching between apps, it runs smoothly and fluidly. I have run graphic intensive applications on here and the phone doesn't get that hot either. The battery is nice and big and the power management is pretty awesome. I have to charge this phone once every 24 hours after watching over an hour of video and listening to music and web browsing and facebooking.This may only be true of the international unlocked version though which is no inundated with the carrier bloatware that they force to run in the background to monitor activity.
Best phone that I have used so far!Great processor, memory, spectacular display, camera, and OS to boot!Samsung makes good quality phones!
Have no problems with this phone whatsoever. It handles anything you throws at it. Samsung best so far. Good buy!
It was good money spent, do not regret my purchase, phone is up to my expectatives. Will recommend to any one
My previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy Ace and I have seen my wife's phone Samsung Galaxy S1. I needed the phone especially for work and all my stuff is around the google environment. My Note II works really well, it is small and bign enough, i got all the apps I need, the battery works really well,..., Great!
Well, that's what my wife said to me when I gave it to her! I also have one and I have to say... I LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT! =>
the phone is very nice and good quantity. deliver on time and very good service. will recommend it to my friends
A great cellphone. My wife is falling in love with it! Fast, really good pictures, nice screen. Be aware it is a big... big phone.
Perfect !it is very fast and smart .the battery life is great. The screen size is perfect for me. Love It !
Delighted to have this product. Its a brilliant combination of phone and tablet capability with state of art features. Very happy!
even my bosses who are loyal to everything Apple have switched to this phone. very easy to use and very convenient.
It arrived promptly .I love it but in Aussie ,it has limitations.I am just concerned that one has to go online to learn how to use the product as no manual was included.
I have only used the phone for a few days. I have an old samsung galaxy tab 7 as a phone and upgraded to this. Jelly Bean is much better than gingerbread and this phone is very responsive. I actually bought an Asus Transformer TF700 at the same time and after using this phone, I doubt I will be reaching for the tablet much even though they both use the same OS. I find this phone much more convenient to carry around, the screen size is great for reading still, and the apps seem to be much more repsonsive.
I have been used for 2 weeks so far so good but the interchangeable wall plug does not work! The battery is better than my Nexus 4 but the processor speed is slower than Nexus 4.
This phone is simply good. My ONLY reservation about this product is it came with a Romanian manual. Therefore, it's bit perplexing initially. However, there is an option for English during the phone setup. So it's fine in the end. Thank you.
Allows me do everything i want to do. I am very happy with my purchase and recomend this phone to everyone
The shipping was accurate I received the phone completely new with factory seals any scratch or fingerprints, the only thing was the charger that was the European version with the rounded plug and for the price should come with it
This is one of Samsung's incredible cellphones. I'm having my S4 in a few weeks too, hope it is amazing as this one.
Best phone ever. I have used iphone, Nexus, Blackberry and now Note 2.. This is a holy phone.PS: Not for small hands..
This works great with my schedule, for pictures, and just using it every day as a telephone. It was worth it.
excellent phone the best i ever had so far
First time I loved my phone in a long time, can't put it down. And the earphones that come with it are amazing! Almost noise cancelling.
I like this phone
Excelente
I love it! What can I say, I bought two!
I received the charging cable for the phone, thanks
good
Came on time with box properly sealed. phone works great, no complaints. i love that everything was white. Headset, charger, data cable. Great battery life and it charges super fast. definitely a great phone.
This is my first time using Note II, it's easier to operate and so good to open and reading a webpage. Think I will use it for a long time.
I JUS LOVE IY!!!! IT IS THE BEST MOBILE (PHABLET) I EVER HAD!!! IT HAS A VERY GOOD CAMERA WITH GOOD RESOLUTIONS ON PICTURES.
I love that phone, big~ and it very easy to use... iam not iphone fans... but differently better than Iphone..
Best Phone Ever! The S4 is better, but this one is Better that I thought! Better than the Samsung Galaxy S3
I chose this rating because my wife absolutly loves this phone. After setting it up for her I almost wanted to get one for myself.
I would suggest some sort of tutorial to come with the phone. There is a lot to know as the phone can do almost anything. Love it! This will replace my phone and travelling with the laptop-a word to the wise when you go to set up your phone with your carrier as the phone takes a micro sim card and not all carriers have them
its great i love the apps the speed of the the phone this device it good for a person like me Tech
excelente telefono, super recomendado y el servicio brindado por el provedor tambien muy bueno. lo recomiendo ampliamente no tuve problema para activarlo en mexico
The phone hardware, operating system, and over all experience is fantastic. Very little upsets me, which I'll go ahead and tell you it isn't even worth noting here. The only reason I do not give 5 stars is because the charger that was included appears to have a short where it only charges the phone if it's improperly inserted to the wall. I'm in the U.S. and the phone appears to be from the U.K. US customer support could not help me replace the charger with a US-version due to hardware technicalities. I told them my cellular provider would charge me many times the value of going to a local store and buying another out of pocket instead of dialing to the UK where I'm entitled to one. They wouldn't connect me. Anyhow I left it at that. Great phone, fast shipping. Good seller.
I love this Mobile so much as it is more than my expectation. It's features are amazing and it's speed is extremely high. Sensors are too brilliant and I enjoy it. Screen is very good and u can watch, read, write confortably. Air view using S-Pen (stylus) is pretty cool.
They are very nice and good thank you
it looks new but it should be new because the seals of the box is broken. It shouldn't be an original factory unlocked phone. Anyway, the phone is in good condition and is functioning very well.
I love it a good phone
Excellent.
I love it. . As good as brand new... express delivery
Best battery life I have ever seen in a phone. Still over 50% battery life when my Nokia and iPhone are completely dead. I hope that this phone proves to be as reliable as my Nokia and iPhone. I will keep you updated.
I bought this phone to replace my old Galaxy S3 which has seen better days to say the least.When I received this phone, I noticed all the instructions and everything else inside the box was in Korean. But who needs instructions? I just put those back in the box and turned the phone on. Well, turns out the phone itself is also in Korean. Apparently this phone was intended to be sold in Korea. No matter however. The first screen that pops up has a drop down box, just open it up and you'll be able to select your language. Oh, and the stock keyboard is also in Korean. You'll have to change the keyboard settings in 'Language and Input' in your system settings, and I would recommend replacing it with any third party keyboard from Google Play.I just popped in my SIM card and was up and running within minutes. Using the CyanogenMod installer ((Google it if you wish)) I had this thing running on CyanogenMod Android within the first hour after I opened the box. As great as the phone is already, running CyanogenMod will truly unlock this phones capabilities.The S Pen is one of the greatest things about this phone. Makes jotting down a few notes extremely easy especially if you're in a hurry! 10/10 would recommend this phone to family and friends. Thanks Samsung!
Excelents
good
good product in the market
Excellent
Highly recommended!!! A+++
this is good item
Lovely phone, delivered excellently. Packaged so well and safe to insure safe delivery. I am so pleased. I will buy more. Very vast delivery.
love it..
I love it works perfect
I am with Tmobile and bought this for my son. It was easy to unlock it following a YouTube video illustration. Referbushed like new phone works great. Not a single scratch was found. It came with no original box but included all accessories except earphones, which I bought separately. I love the stylis for this AT&T phone. It's much cuter that the Tmobile one.
Wasn't expecting screen to be cracked as it was sold as good condition. otherwise phone works fine
I love it , so thanks.
I love the phone. Does so much more than the iphone 5 love the size as well. I love the split screen feature. To me the phone is just plain awesome.
Great service from the seller, great product quality. love this phone and all its features.
Nice phone
great
Love it and I thank you for the phone & services....
The galaxy Samsung note II cell phone white/ gray . My husband and I are please with the out come. They look like knew. Thanks for used cell phones. We are loving it!! :-)
Good condition as advertised. Nice.
Came perfect! A few minor scratches but not noticable.I recommend this for anyone switching from apple to Samsung.
It have everything I need
Phone works great. Was just as described
I like the phone, but the calling on it doesn't work properly. I can make calls but I cannot hear the other person and they cannot hear me.
Nice phone just loved it
Good product
So far so good. I am pleased with it so far. I was worried it being used by I really looked good.
Awesome phone great shipping
I am in love with this. It came with the charger. It has no scratches or nothing. It is in tip top shape and works great.
Looked brand new. Loaded with lots of Applications. Intstalled SIM. Works perfectly. Only complaint no owner's manual. Now have a decent phone for a no contract monthly plan.
The phone was in extremely good condition my nephew love the screen size and the speed the phone operates at.
Works great, but came with a defective battery.The supplier immediately sent a new one without question and one that works well.
clean and just like new
Phone came flawless. Absolutely amazed by it. I was worried about it being way to big because i have small hands, but its perfect size. Huge screen. Takes amazing picture, both front and back camera. I recommend this for everyone!!☺
This was purchased for my son as a Christmas as a gift. I myself have used one for the last 18 months, and like its versatility better than the two previous iPhone 3GS (32Gb) and 4 (16Gb) owned. My hat still goes off to Apple for pioneering the modern generation of smart phones, but, I just didn't see any major improvements with each updated version. Hands down the Note II is a better phone.
love it
My wife loves this phone. If you have problems with the battery life, there are extended batteries to help with that as well as a lot of web chatter on how to properly manage the applications that run on the phone to improve battery life. After we did both of those, this thing is amazing.
Great phone didn't have any problems with the it
the phone is locked and only call emergency calls but was contacted by wesell and they were so kind to help me solve my problem with instructions to unlock phone
the most awesome smart phone around, it dose everything you need and more, and such an amazing price of $49.00 and so easy to use.
easy to use, good product! better than i thought. like this cell phone very much. i've use it for 1 month, and it works well.
Another excellent Samsung phone. It is pretty much what is advertized now if we could fix - at&t - it would be great.
She wanted a new phone despite getting an HTC One VX only a few months ago. Got her this and moved her phone to her Mother who is on our family plan and everyone is happy. Not a cool as My note 3 but more affordable for her. Both are now happy.
I love this phone it has amazing response time several useful preloaded apps like s note s voice and many more not to mention the s pen is more ergonomically fit than the original note design
this phone is huge I love how big it is, also it does everything you could imagine to do with a phone it is a little computer in my pocket. I would recommend it to everyone!!
my phone has very helpful features. I love the camera and how I can multi-task. great phone to have for work or pleasure.
everything is great and can't really elaborate on this product any more than what all the other reviews out there have said.
This phone is just awesome except that the audio quality for voice calls is not up to the mark. Luckliy I have other phones that I can use for that. Other than that, I love it completely. The stylus works great. The word guide while typing is a great help. Many more awesome features.I am glad I made this choice.
This phone is amazing! Samsung makes some great products! I love all the features, especially the larger screen! I purchased a nice fold case for it so it's like a wallet. I love the S Pen! Use it all the time! My husband who does not use a cell even expressed an interest in using the phone. He loves being able to use the voice commands & of course the larger screen! All in all, I haven't found anything that I don't like about phone.
Was a broken phone but customer service is amazing and offered either a refund or a replacement!! I chose a refund.
Amazing no problem
I received it within the stipulated time and in the described form.
Awesome
Excelente
Awesome, fast service. Phone was just as described, very pleased.
Great product
Phone was what i expected, one big scratch on screen. The charger it came with is a joke. I
Order this Note II for a friend and she loves it so far. Only has had it for a couple of days but is what she wanted.
All i can say is that i already had the galaxy but i wanted the galaxy gear watch and the galaxy phone i had didn't have jelly beans to make it work !!! So then I bouth this one and I love it they connected right away and its so much fun lol .... the new phone was a great price and i couldn't pass it up ...... Thank you .......
I am completely happy with my new phone!! It does more things than I knew and it is wonderful to use!!!
Good phone , att is a little high on there coverage. But 99 was a heck of a deal to start the contract
My English is not quite well and I hate typing but this phone deserve a good review and I really want people to know how good this phone is.. . So please excuse my english... :-3If you are looking for a new phone,Galaxy Note 2 will be your best choice. (Event better than the S4)I used to be HTC fan boy for several years but They kept making a bad move. ( No sd card slot, nonremoval battery, made it harder to root and unlock )I root my Note2 imidietly after I got it.(Took me only 15 minute.)The phone is smoot as melted butter, screen is vibrant and big enough for me to take note at school with out a hassle..... It have potential to be your business assistance and your multimedia buddy.(Very good for gaming and video)If you worry about the size.... I m a small asian guy and I have no trouble using this phone at all. Just give it couple days and you will not go back to 4" phone again.Well, just buy it .... you will jot regret.Ps.. Amazon also did a good job in term of service and offer. Only $99 cant be cheaper... Att still try to sell it for $250.... event more expensive if you go to Tmobile or verizon.
This phone is amazing. Great for the 50 year old eyes. Lolol. Everyone thinks it is to big but let me tell you it is perfect.
I love this phone! It does everything right. All the other androids I've owned I always rooted and installed aftermarket roms but I don't feel like I need to with this phone. AT&T is ok, better than Sprint but not as good a Verizon but it'll suffice.
This phone is everything I wanted it to be and more. At first I thought the size would be too big, but I love the big screen and it's very light weight. It is also super easy to use. There are so many functions that I haven't even learned yet. It is fun to continue to learn more new things about my phone.
Best phone ever...LOVE IT!!!! Too big...? that would be a crazy statement...never too big. The features are amazing! I recommend it to everyone...each time I get a Compliment
The phone is absolutely marvelous! It has a bigger screen and more RAM than the first note. It has a lot of updates that I admire in this phone. The note II has an answer to the iPhone's siri and it blows them out of the water. I just learned that Samsung is coming out with the Note III in November 2013. I can't wait to see what the note III has.
Perfect phone for my business needs. I can run WebEx mtg's on it, as well as easily navigate while on the road.
Love the big screen: the size didn't bother me; I always wanted a bigger screen. And once you go big, the smaller aka regular size screen just seemed so confining and comically dwarfish.Love the S pen: I can draw quite well on there. It all depending on the correct apps (autodesk is what I use). Everytime I took out the pen, S note popped up: very useful when taking note while calling or just to jot down stuffs.Love the multitask feature: surfing for TED videos on youtube while GPS navigating! searching internet while watching netlfix!!! surfing internet while reading news!!! I can't get over how much I craved for this feature for so long and never even realized it. This feature is just begging for the bigger screen ;-)I have the Xperia X10 for quite a while, so a lot of the features that I love might be common on android phones in general.
Husband loves this phone. Its big a little bigger than my personal taste but great for him. He waited for it to go on sale and got a great deal from amazon. I normall do our Att upgrades through rep at 800 number or at walnart but hands down amazon wireless is my new friend. My mom got the note 3 from you also so keep up good work. Phone is very reliable. Stylus pen hidden under bottom is nice touch. I was worried hubby would run up our current family data plan but no worries or issues. Cant go wrong. I will say he had to do case on hip thing which sounds hilarious but ifound side to side one on ebay he cant do without it do to his work field.
Some people may complain about the fact that it's "only" 720p, but seriously, my wife has the S4, and when we compare them side by side, you can't see a difference unless you're about 2 inches from the screen. This phone/tablet is absolutely amazing and has become invaluable to me for work and school. I'm using it constantly and the battery life is absolutely amazing! i've eve got it overclocked to 1.9GHz from the original 1.6GHz and the battery still gets me through an entire day with ease. The screen size if AMAZING! I don't think I can ever go back to a phone with a smaller screen again. When you first get it, it does feel rather large in your hand, but you get used to it in about a day or two tops and then everything else seems really small and almost like a toy. I'm hooked on the galaxy Note series of phones! My Dad has the Note III and it's even more amazing, but it doesn't make me like regret getting this one at all!! I can't wait to see what Samsung does with the Note 4!!! This device is epic!
Bought this for my grand daughter and she loves it. The screen size lets her enjoy facebook, photos and youtube, etc. She loves it.
I can't be any happier after purchasing this phone. I play games, watch movies etc. and with heavy use the battery lasts more than 10 hours. With medium use I get at least a day and a half with it. I like the big screen and the fact that it serves both as a phone and a mini tablet (my kids now permanently are in possession of my ipad).No complaints regarding call quality or 4G speeds. Overall a very good purchase after a long time. Way to go Samsung!! Now only if you could drop the price a bit on the new Note 3 more people would be able to afford it.
Activation is easy. It comes w/ direction. Just follow up directions. Price is $100 or more lower than the retail store.This is my third purchase from amazon wireless. Found no disfunction nor defection.
i really like the phone. the screen is an excellent size. i love using the stylist pen. overall experience is great. i hope by the time i'm due for an upgrade there will be another phone like that or better for me. I love big screen phones.
I am very much satisfied with using this phone every day going to school.I can read pdfs all the time on way to school and way back home on much bigger screen.In addition, S-pen handwriting postcard is another fun thing
I researched this phone extensively before going with it. I have large hands and haven't had issues with the physical size of this device at all. After just a couple weeks, I can't imagine not having all that lovely screen real estate to work with.The performance is snappy, the call quality is very good, the pictures and video are very good for my needs. Add in a 64gb memory card for a roomy hi-def music collection, and you have quite a powerful device that's capable of doing a lot of things very well. I highly recommend it.
Listen, ya'll - everyone who sees my new Galaxy Note II wants one immediately - even the Ipod people! I am so in love with it because of the screen size and the large keypad. Makes moving about a breeze. If you have seen one/held one, I know you will have to have it!
This is my 5th Samsung product and the best so far. I highly recommend this cell phone, the Samsung Galaxy Note II with all new powerful tools, and the big 5.5 screen with better display than the Iphone. It connects super fast to download all your data at 4G speed. My download even tops more than 25Mbps. I use it mainly to connect online to my college classes.Very happy to have it!!!
Extremely satisfied not only with the price of the note 2 ($169 the cheapest I could find) but their description said signs of normal wear may include scratches on screen and/or scuffs or scratches on sides and back of phone but it came looking like a brand new phone works perfect it was due to arrive june30-july 16 and it came on July 1st very happy about that couldn't have been happier
I knew this would becgreat, yet it exceeded my expectations. Excellent condition, stylus & adapter included. TracFone quibbled about the model, but Consumer Cellular hooked it up with no problem. It arrived with the new KitKat android, so I can use color emoji right out of the box. There is ample flash space on the device, but a Samsung 64gb microSD is also great. I have yet to test out NFC & OTG USB, but this is the phablet of my dreams.
would like to return
I love my new phone
ABSOLUTELY EXCEPTIONAL,,,KEEP ON DELIVERING TOP QUALITY PRODUCTS AMAZON!!!!!!!GEOFFG VPWIRELESS RESALER: )
Nice little phone
Very nice
Everything was in good shape but battery was bad so we had to get that replaced.
Haven't had any issues. Item was as described! Will by from this seller again!
I love this phone! It's huge but it fits just fine in my hand and my pockets. It's fast too! I haven't had a single problem with it and I know that this phone has many capabilities I have yet to tap into. I went to a store and the clerk showed me a few fantastic tricks I could do with this phone. I need to go back and have him train me on these functions. I love the size of this phone, I can actually see the screen without squinting. While the Galaxy S4 has a smaller screen size, it is really more advanced but this does everything I could not imagine a phone could do. Phablet is definitely an accurate description.
I had previously purchased this phone in a different color for myself - I LUV IT!! - My daughter (an IPHONE junkie) saw it, went thru some of the features, and VOILA - a Samsung convert. She begged for 2 months, I caved and got it for her. She's in love! The phone is absolutely phenomenal. It's smarter than my previous Samsung smartphone and sometimes I think, smarter than I am! LOL!!
By far the greatest phone I have ever had the pleasure of owning...I love it! And, you will be hard pressed to find it at a better price.
A wonderful piece of equipment looking at others I am happy that I decide to go back go my 1st choice when I was ready to up grade
Used to have an iPhone 4 for 2 years.having experienced Samsung Note 2 for couple weeks, there's really no going back.The screen size is amazing for reading articles online as well as for playing games.Now when i see an iPhone i can't believe i used to read stuff on such a small screen.Android compared to iOS is also an amazing upgrade. its nice to be able to download thingsright onto your phone without having to go through iTunes.
This is a very smartphone. I enjoy have it as a part of my daily life. It's awesome and very easy to understand. Thanks Amazon.
This phone allows me to work and play from just about anywhere. It is my alarm clock and reminder for very important things. I can see a full size calendar anytime, view my agenda list is just a few steps away. I can take pictures, view photos, listen to music, watch movies, and surf the Web -- all on a big enough screen so I don't have to squint. People who are not technology savvy just don't understand why you'd pay so much for a phone, but this phone is not just a phone, it's a computer, too. I can edit documents, save files locally or to the cloud and never miss a beat when I'm off from work or at work. The S Pen allows me to jot notes; instead of typing, I can just write. The phone knows when I have removed the pen and beeps if I have left it behind.
Have only had the phone for two days so am still in the getting to know you phase of our relationship, but so far I am smitten. Speedy, power of a tablet, convenience of a phone... Beautiful screen images and best of all so far is the ability tho mount an external drive thru the mini USB port... Having fun with one!
This phone smokes everything else out there. What an amazing bit of technology to help in my bid to take over the world. Muhahaha!!!!
Wow, where do I even begin! I got this Note in white. I love the color so much. Great snow white color. The phone is really large like I expected but I really do love it. I am a woman so I always have a handbag. Not sure how guys would go with such a large phone.It's really light!!! I thought it would be heavier but it's not. So sharp in screen color. Sound and color are so crisp! Videos and photos are amazing and the speed of the device is like nothing I have ever seen. I got the phone for $239 as I was due for my ATT upgrade. ATT wanted $299 so thank you Amazon for the savings!!!!
awesome phone at a great price.... thanks everyone for a great shopping experience
I'm very pleased with my phone! Phone is damn near brand new.
The phone is great and in awesome shape! ¥
greatbuy
I've been using this for almost a year. I haven't used my Nexus tablet since. It's just the right size to be a functional tablet, yet fine for daily carry.
great phone at a reasonable price. I just wish I knew how to use all the available features and apps.
Like the size of the phone,the fact that you can talk and text at the same time. The size of the screen is great.
Got this phone for my dad. He loves the bigger screen. Very fast processor. Runs smoothly. Excellent battery life so far.
I had to send them back I bought two. They were in great shape. But not compatible with my Verizon. They were att. Sent them back and waiting for new ones.
Thank you nice and clean
everything works like a new one
Very protective
it's a great phone except the ear phones don't work
It was like my old which I destroyed.it works just perfect
If it wasn't locked to AT&T despite what the questions said (I did it refurbished instead of new, might have just been a bad seller), I would have loved it very very much. The best cheap substitute for it is the LG K10, which is a fantastic phone, for cheap, with a slightly smaller screen. I probably still would have taken the Note II over the K10 even though I like the LG buttons more, because the screen is wider (if you look at it in the upright position, not in length or on the side).
As advertised, replacement for my dead note 2
Awesome phone!
Works great!
I have been dying to get a note for a long time. My fiancé started browsing on amazon and found this seller. Omg my phone came in excellent shape and very very little wear! Works like it's brand new. Would definitely recommend to others
love it and came very quick!!! it works great without and problems thus far. thanks
it is an amazing phone, just as described by seller.
I bought this phone for my daughter, and she loves it. She had had one before, and she knew she would like this one too. It met all her expectations.
Nice phone little big but that's why I bought it. Sometimes I miss texting with one hand though. You can make keyboard small for one handed texting but even holding the phone to text with one hand is awkward.
I loved it !! Thanks !!
Nice phone
great
Love it and I thank you for the phone & services....
The galaxy Samsung note II cell phone white/ gray . My husband and I are please with the out come. They look like knew. Thanks for used cell phones. We are loving it!! :-)
Good condition as advertised. Nice.
Came perfect! A few minor scratches but not noticable.I recommend this for anyone switching from apple to Samsung.
I love the phone. Does so much more than the iphone 5 love the size as well. I love the split screen feature. To me the phone is just plain awesome.
love it..
I love it works perfect
Wasn't expecting screen to be cracked as it was sold as good condition. otherwise phone works fine
I love it , so thanks.
The phone arrived on time in the condition stated (with a case too!) with a working stylus. Phone works has a solid battery and was wiped of all previous data. Everything i could have asked for at a good price.
I bought this phone for my wife who wanted a small tablet to put in her purse. She likes playing games, getting on Facebook, and texting throughout the day. She had an Android phone with a small screen, so she was already accustomed to the interface. Since her old phone was acting up, I thought I would kill 2 birds with 1 stone so to speak by investing in the Note. She loves the phone and the fact that she doesn't need 2 devices to carry around is awesome. The graphics quality is excellent!Since I just purchased this, I knew it was a couple generations old. Quite frankly, I hate contracts and renewing for 2 years every time I want a new phone, so I am on the new AT&T plan that has no contract. Of course that means I buy every device outright. With that being said, I can't afford the latest and greatest phone, so I was a little concerned about screen resolution, processor speed, etc. Overall, I am very pleased with the exception of the battery life. Plan on spending an extra $20 for a longer life battery. I have seen some that are really thick and require a different backplate, but there are others that don't require that.
Awesome phone. Love it. Hard to find good cases though
really sweet device, I dumped my Apple Six Plus to switch to Samsung and I am much more satisfied than with the Apple 6 plus.
Excellent
Great phone and great seller
It acts a little crazy sometimes and the battery runs down so quickly, but am working with it
I am very pleased with this item. It came as described by the seller.
Excellent
good condition
The best smartphone ever... Amazing features. Initially I was skeptical about buying this phone as it was the first time I was purchasing a phone online and I wasn't sure how it's going to be. But Thanks to Amazon that it was the best decision I ever made buy this wonderful phone. I called several times Amazon customer care and got all my queries clarified to my satisfaction before making the purchase.I highly recommend this phone.
This phone's a beast!!!
Good
The Best cellphone I have ever seen
Nice phone
As I thought of it good system
Excellent Deal. Arrived on time, we'll protected and new Package
If this phablet is a gimmick, then it is a useful gimmick. I have had this in my hands for a few hours and I am loving it. I ordered this used and it arrived quickly. I looked at it with the eyes of love, did not see the wear and tear which is not a game changer. The previous owner sent everything with the original box. The first thing that struck me was the clarity of the screen. I upgraded from the Note II which I loved dearly for almost three years. What a difference. I live in Senegal and this phablet accepted my SIM card. I am downloading my apps but the speed is so much faster and that is important because my bandwidth is pretty narrow. I am loving the edge part of this. I use the edge as an alarm clock and I like the 12-hour display feature so I can use it like a night light. This is great for when I travel. There will be a steep learning curve and I will make use of the YouTube videos to get the most from my new toy.
Nice smartphone I've ever have
Thank you, I'm very happy
Excelent
I absolutely love love my new phone. It came exactly when they said it would. Once again Amazon did not dissapoint.
k
Like this phone a lot.
excellent
Excellent
Great purchase
Amazing, my father loved it.
Im super happy i would recomd it 100 percent
Well met the standards
I love it! It is everything all reviews have said and more.
this phone is amazing in every way. i have no complaints and boatloads of praise. in my opinion, one edge is enough. this phone is fast and user friendly. i really like the music making apps and all the perks that come with samsung like their customer support, use between platforms (e.g. with my samsung camera) and the online storage perks. good phone, great price.
omg...loving it..
Excellent product and fast delivery
It's amazing. I absolutely love wide screen and pen that you can write down perfectly.
Best phone ever!!!!! Love the size, speed, is not heavy at all....
Samsung... The innovator??... My new Galaxy Note Edge is forcing me to believe so!!
Good.
Came very fast and is in great shape exactly what I wanted...it was unlocked too thank you so much
Brabd new and orignal
Awesome phone
Excellent
very good phone and unique.
Best phone I ever got its worth every penny you won't regret it I promise you that
good
This is a wonderful cellphone. It's sleek, attractive edge design, large screen, and advanced features. Each day I find features that add to my wonder. I bought it in Amazon for $200 less than ATT. It's worth the price.
Its gud but i didnt find out d screen protecter & Louis vuitton case coer
Excellent
I'm very happy with my note edge. I received it today and I really like it. I have been looking for more than two months. And now I'm really happy to decide buy the Samsung note edge. Don't think more to buy it. Just go ahead.
By far the best cell phone I buy this year, it was used by a friend who has not AMAZON.COM account and ask me to buy for him. I think it's a lot of money only for a cell phone, but He is an executive in his company, so, probably it will be a best investment,
The best phone I have ever had! I loveee it!!
Its exactly what is seen on the photo
Fantastic and very nice to hold just what i was looking for. Smooth to the touch
It is very good productos
Gave new and I love it
Everything was perfect!!
The best smartphone ever... Amazing features. Initially I was skeptical about buying this phone as it was the first time I was purchasing a phone online and I wasn't sure how it's going to be. But Thanks to Amazon that it was the best decision I ever made buy this wonderful phone. I called several times Amazon customer care and got all my queries clarified to my satisfaction before making the purchase.I highly recommend this phone.
The Best cellphone I have ever seen
Nice phone
As I thought of it good system
Excellent Deal. Arrived on time, we'll protected and new Package
Product came in a perfect condition and is working very well.
Bought the phone for my and she is loving all the features and the pictures it's takes is so clear. I give this phone five stars across the board.
Fast and good
Great phone and I'm very impressed with their outstanding customer service!
Very good but not fot picture
Phone was in perfect condition, and user friendly. Perfect birthday gift for my son. Thanks.
Brought this for my son for Christmas, he hasn't complained once. So I guess its a great smart phone, all the features of my Galaxy Note, he is watching Netflix and everything with no problem. Great inexpensive phone with all the functionality of an expensive phone.
it was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. She loves it
Great experience have had much success with this seller.
totally awesome seller I will buy again
Time for a new one, I loved my Samsung Galaxy S. Blaze its an awesome phone.
works great
great for the price
Excellent delivery. Just would have like a user manual with it
It's ok but the constant updates mess with the usage.
Very good but not fot picture
Phone was in perfect condition, and user friendly. Perfect birthday gift for my son. Thanks.
Brought this for my son for Christmas, he hasn't complained once. So I guess its a great smart phone, all the features of my Galaxy Note, he is watching Netflix and everything with no problem. Great inexpensive phone with all the functionality of an expensive phone.
it was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. She loves it
Great experience have had much success with this seller.
using now with no problems
It was in perfect condition, had to update the software to a newer version in order to download apps, but it works perfectly with no scratches or damage.
Nice phone, I love it has two sim cards! Very light and quite simple to use! Thanks a lot also for the American adaptor! Nice service!
This was a backup phone for travel to europe and for this purpose is fantastic. For a daily use phone it would be a bit frustrating as the screen is a bit small for heavy use but as a backup or for smaller hands this would be a great device for a stellar price.
BIEN
excellent!!
EXCELENT
Perfecto
excelente
thx
Excelente
Excellent
excellent
I LIKE IT
ok
excelente
Excelent
good one!!
Excelent
very very good
Excellent, I really liked telefono recommend
very good
excelente telefono
good product. perfect
buen telefono
buen telefono
exelent product, is very good, 100% recomended
muy bueno
Great phone for the money
Excelente
I compared my Apple with Android, My Apple is not high version, though I liked S7562.
It's a great Cellphone works fine.Economic, convenient and high performance
Nice Product!!!!
Excellent
EXCELLENT
un poco lento pero satisface aplicaciones basicas (banco,pin,what...)
I bought this unlocked phone for a prepaid plan instead of getting a contracted phone with extra data costs. This works perfectly for my purposes. The dual sim is also an extra convenience when traveling, instead of having to purchase a different phone abroad.
This phone arrived packaged very well. It arrived in the allotted time. I like almost everything about this phone. I didn't want a big phone that stuck out of my hand. So the size is favorable. I agree with some of the reviews that the battery drains fast if your running apps but that is understood. I haven't had trouble with dropped calls. The sim went right in out of my old phone and worked. It picks up the router fine in my house. I can use this phone when I travel to the Philippines or other southeast Asian countries without taking my US sim out. This phone works on Guam USA.
I love my new device it does everything I need it to do, and I have always wanted one and now I have it.
Exclente, it was what I expected.
its wonderful
Good product. Good buy.
I USED WITH MY TWO CHIP AND IS SO POWERFULL AND CLEAR VOICE.
Excelente
I love my phoneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee... thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
EXCELLENT
Excellent
in good condition, good quality and excellent performance
perfect
Excelente!
Buen Producto y buena atencion por parte del vendedor
excelente
Bought it for my mom who lives in central america. The phone worked perfectly. No issues with it whatsoever. She was extremely happy and so was I.
OK
muy bien
It's a good phone forever
BUENISIMO
EXCELLENT PRODUCT.THANK YOU
excelente
Excelente
excelente producto
When looking for a phone I wanted a galaxy 4 and that is what it said I was getting not I get a galaxy duos
very good product
impossible to use with both ship and that using the two together creates problems ship lit by both the uquipo use only one line
Excellent, would recommend
excelente
complacido
muy bueno
cakificacion chose this on the grounds that the product is of excellent quality and is fully satisfied with it so would recommend to everyone
thanks and the product came to our hands, it is excellent, good design, easy to use, useful for those people who need to be connected with social networking and other applications on your taste.
I wrote the seller and they sent me an attachment that sent me to a YouTube video to watch. When I got the unit the closest instructions on it to English, was Italian. The power supply that came with one is an international one with a USA adaptor. It was perfect for me because it was going to a friend in another country. But if want it for the US, it would work but be a little cumbersome.
Perfecto
Many Thanks for your I was waiting to buy a Samsung Galaxy Phone, so I am so happy.It came on time, and I do not have any bad comment about it. I hope enjoy myself the experiencie with my new phone, Bye
excellent!
Smaller than I expected. But works well bought it for my daughter
perfect
good
No complains
good
Very good product
Excelente el articulo me llego en buen estado y funciona a la perfección!
Light, great color. I purchased one, and my sister had the second one.
Muy Bueno
bien
exelente
Great
Fastshipment
Excelente
nice phone easy to set up i love this phone about right price i ordered three phone i love it
great phone good prize ,easy to operate ,bought this a month ago just like my little toy it works great
bien
I was please with what I get the phone is original as it was it the picture on the website. I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
Slim body, 2 Sims, good touch screen, easy to use and good network all are avalable in apps, fast shipping sothat
The Samsung Galaxy s7562 duos unlocked. Working why Telcel and Moviestar and other friends have ok bye View Conversation on Facebook de
I really like this phone meets my expectations only thing I do not like is that the battery does not last long.otherwise it is perfect. good and excellent buy.
I like the phone a lot!!! It works perfectly here in Jamaica. Now instead of walking with 2 phones to have 2 networks. I can walk with one. Its excellent. The graphics is excellent. It far exceed my expectation.
perfetc
Bought this for my Dad who took it for his friends in India. Good phone and it worked in india sill working strong after all this time.
Very Good
good
good
Excelent product and the seller too, I recomendated them.
excelente celular
clean device!!!
buen teléfono.
excellent producer , excellent seller , I am very pleased and grateful
all fine
EXCELENTE
excelent
I'm very happy I get the phone as expected, met with the delivery time are very responsible seller, my thanks I'm pleased.
Excelent
muy buen producto
muy muy muy bueno
I LOVE IT
Great product, surpassed my expectations. Came with all accessories. Works well. Light weight. I am in the process of ordering a few more to use as gifts
The product was sent correctly and meet my expectations. It has an excellent quality. Indico this seller.
Good seller would recommend.
Got delivered the day before the actual delivery date posted :) Love the Phone! It's so cool! I love how tiny it is! It fits perfectly in my pocket! I wish I'd gotten this phone earlier! I'm IN LOVE!
All that one can expect from a smart phone, great Capacitya, perfect design, easy to handle and ability to connect to the wifi network. The only problem is that the battery does not charge to 100% and heated to connectarla. What else was excellent. thanks
good product
excellent
excellent service, would recommend
muy bueno
It works very well.
excelente
Excellent article, I recommend
Very Good
I really liked my atiempo On product arrived I thank you very much
quite a nice gadget
The phone tis excellen I like but little small
EXCELENTE
Excelente
This phone is almost identical to the Galaxy SIII mini in looks and functionality, minus one core of the processor and around 250MB of RAM. I wanted a 4" inch android phone for my mom and I knew I didnt need a fancy dual-core phone since my mom wont be playing heavy duty games on it but would just want an easy to use phone which she can use to connect to people via Skype, Whatsapp, Viber etc. This phone does the job. Good battery life, equipped with Android ICS. This is more than what you can ask for in $210.
I read so many complaints about this product, I was not convinced at all about the purchase.I wanted to risk anyway, and I'm very happy about it. The phone is working perfectly, and I don't have any of the problems that other user have had.5 stars.
Its a nice cell phone but I expected more.Its nice, not so fast, but a nice camera, flash, display, android system, anyway, its cool.
First of all. This product is really brand new (I'd my doubts). It came with its plastics films (front, rear and sides) with no scratches or evidence of previous manipulating. I'm really glad and satisfied for that. I bought two identical phones, they were delivered in estimated date (paying for expedited shipment). It's my first experience with an android but i think this one is really a good alternative for a first smart android phone. I've read that this model is pretty slow but i can assure is faster than my Coby Kyros MID1042 and this is enough for me. I can surf internet at acceptable rates, even in hsdpa or WIFI. Connect 3G, HSDPA and wifi barely detected. Screen is pretty good too. It comes with Google Play Store. Only one reason i don's give 5 stars: POOR BATTERY LIFE. This apart, it's a good, strong, stable and pretty compatible device. The double sim card feature works fine too. I have Digitel and Movilnet sims in mine and have no problem with that. I can receive calls from both operators at the same time.I love this phone and really recommend it.
I have made some phone calls and text, I have no problem whit it. Great cellphone for the price. Easy to operate, android 4.0 but the speed system isn't so good, but for this price its a greaaaat deal
Works great. Used on straight talk and at&t. And ICE and MOVISTAR in costarica. Very happy with this phone thank you
son muy responsable con la entrega del producto asi que lo recomiendo para que le compre todos lo que vende ello gracias por todo
wondeful
excellent, very good service
Works perfectly and I love it! Was shipped on time, also with all the pieces. Networks picks up just fine as well. I recommend it if you are looking for a simple double sim phone and nothing too flashy....
good
Good product
Excelente
bueno
It's excellent :)
QUICK DELIVERY EXCELLENT PRODUCT RECOMMEND ALL
excelente
EXCELENTE
Excellent
good, its fine cell phone thanks you. i love my new phone.
Great produt, thanks
Works great as expected.
Excellent but from time to time it hangup while is updating its software.
Very good product, I recommend it. Excellent quality, as it says the publication. presentation is very good, the price adjusted.
I like it so far for the simple fact, I just got it yesterday! Still trying to figure out some things! But over all its better than my old Samsung by far!
excelente
I find high quality product and the delivery time is fulfilled relax I have no complaints recomieno seller
excellent
excelente
Love it. Oucture quality is good, just tends to freeze with certain apps. And takes a while to get out of an app to the main screen.
Excelente
exelente
I really like this phone! It's easy to handle and works well with the Kolbi system here in Costa Rica. A couple of observations: It came with a 220 plug for the charger and no adapter. Fortunately my old phone was a Samsung so I had the correct plug for a 110 outlet. There was a slip of paper explaining that when initially started up the language would be in Polish. I suggest that notice could be printed on more noticeable paper? It was an easy change to make but if someone missed the notice, they would be a bit disconcerted! I'm a Senior and not the most tech savvy person on the planet so I appreciate a device that operates without too much fuss and bother. This phone fits the bill.
I have used this cellphone for about one month and it serves well. I recommend it strongly. High price ratio.
EVERYTHING IS EXPECTED AS THERE WAS NO PROBLEM AND PRODUCT MEETS EXPECTATIONS MY VERY GRATEFUL THANK GOD FOR ALL GOOD
the phone is perfect. It works perfect for Argentina providers. The delivery was fast enough. everything was in ok although I had to pick it up at the post office.
Works great, I got it to use it in Central America with Movistar and Claro and it works great!!
great product
Excellent
Good product and recommend seller. Really satisfied with the purchase as fulfilled the expectations, good phone, excellent brand as is as shown in the publication without guile.
gracias
100% recommended seller , excellent products and full responsibility , five star , excellent quality.
excellent
it was received GOOD!!
its ok
hello, this came to me as I expected perfect recommend this item and this shop. will apologize for my English is not good
Great quality, 100% recommended! I love it =)
Thanks it is nice!
Good Product
excelente
excelente
a basic device but functionally, all right and fast.. thank
me gusto mucho
i think it is very good cell phone.... i can use it for every thing…. it is a complet phone….
Hi..I purchased this phone as my standbye phone. It is a good peice for a normal price.All necessary functions are available to ocmply with smartphone status.
Love it! Nice clear display; makes it easier to use Skype than on my Samsung Galaxy Y.I'm using a sim card from www.speakout7eleven.ca; I do not have data with it as I'm only using prepaid vouchers and do not have a plan with SpeakOut. So far so good.
The phone is Excellent, the Samsung Galaxy is the future phone, and I am happy with this product. It is magnific phone.
100% recomendado
I bought this dual sim phone for my mother. It's just for calling purposes as she only knows how to make calls. The key pad is much bigger and clearer on this phone than on her previous one so she is quite happy. It works quite well for her.
I find an excellent system for shopping since e could perform them without any problems and with an excellent product and good condition
This phone was a breeze to set up! I do confess to having a TMobile representative change the SIM card and initialize it, but everything else was easy. So far, I love it!
loves this phone just what i was looking for not too big not to small just right seems the same as the samsung galaxy but has 2 sim cards you can use at same time
For the price I bought this phone and taking into considerations the multiple of functions including the fact of being dual sim card, and very excellent WIFI ... it is really excellent and would recommend any one.Thanks
excelente telefono
This was a gift for my wife. She loves it. Very fast, great screen, and not expensive. Camera is decent and battery life is ok.
The product meets expectations. The check for the Amazon.com page and adjusted to my needs and to make a gift. With a good price.
Great cellphone años Smsrtphone... good product and 2 sincard is amazing...... Recomend 100% thanks very much Samsung very vey amazing
This Dual Sim phone works perfect in Jamaica and as I keep getting asked, will work well anywhere in the world that supports the networks as advertised with the phone. So if you're in doubt just check with your service provider but Samsung wants to sell the phone so they are not going to produce a phone that can't work in Europe or Africa or south America etc. You get what I am saying? OK. So if a dual sim is what you want then I recommend this one. It works good touch screen is sensitive nice looking design and has all smart phone capabilities.
Excelente
exelente
M experience with this phone is great...
I liked are very good and fast web calificos super good.
Very Nice
exelente
NICE
excelente producto
Excelente
Nice!!
excelente
excellente it's great mobile
excelente
fine fine excelent
bien
GREAT
Excellent price/good quality.
Met expectations. Arrived on time.Works well with T-mobile service. Like the color and design. Like dual sim card feature, as I have a card from overseas that is active. Can receive text messages on both cards.
es un buen telefono en general. puesto que lo uso fuera de EE.UU. trae muchas aplicaciones que no me son convenientes en mi pais. Y al descargarle las aplicaciones que yo necesito el telefono se pone un poco lento. No obstante, es un movil magnifico en su utilidad y en su versatilidad.It is a good phone in general. since I use outside U.S. I bring many applications are not suitable in my country. And download it the applications I need the phone gets a little slow. However, it is a magnificent mobile in their usefulness and versatility.
bien
No problem, It's excellent
all excellent 100% recommended
good product
A good phone!
Phone is unable to block callers. Its will only stop the ringer from going off; I had to download App. It does not show emojis.
Good
es muy bueno cumple necesitaba un nuevo celular y este es el mejor tiene la capacidad de colocarle 2 lineas
Excellent product! Same as description except they forgot to say it is unlocked what it is perfect. Buy it freely
But...it came with a slight bulge in the housing, hence one star off. Apart from that, it's everything my husband wanted once he read/watched reviews for dual SIM phones. Of the 'duos' collection from Samsung, this got the best ratings. Both SIMS are in and function smoothly. The ICS operating system is pretty cool, the screen is great for watching videos, and the Play Store has all the apps he didn't know he needed ;-). Great price, fast shipping, new and unlocked as advertised. Wonderful buy.
Is fast, quad band, It is worth spending on this phone!!The only problem is the battery life, 12 hours!!
I am still having problems with the phone charger so please I want a new chargers. I did not ordered 2 phones at the same type
it work just as good as the s3 except it need more memory other no complaint it's great <3 <3
good phone still learning all the features, and capabilities of this phone. would recomended this to anyone who might be considering buying it.
very good product
I love this phone it all I wanted it to do and more. I have one problem my wife and friend wants one but wouldn't let me order it.
This was a gift for somebody else, but they seem to be very pleased with it so far. I can't give an in-depth review since i've never used it, but in my opinion all Samsung Android phones are awesome.
RECOMMENDED VERY RESPONSIBLE AND VERY GOOD PRODUCT
exelente
excelente
Great phone
excellent
Great for someone who wants a Android smartphone but don't need or don't want to pay for a S4 or S5. Small enough to fit in a back pocket. Used by a 11 year old girl, who loves it.
good phone
Good product! fast shipping
excellent
Buena relacion costo beneficio...!!!!
This is a great little phone. I've been using it for around six months (outside the US without problems, so it was unlocked) and it works perfectly fine. Its touchscreen is sensitive and fast and it's so cute! I use it with only one SIM, so I wouldn't know how it'd go with two... but with one, it runs great. The one downside is the memory. For some reason, it's started to bug me about not having enough memory to work properly, although I've deleted most of the apps (I have literally only four apps installed, not even Facebook, and no games) and photos... Not sure why I get that message sometimes. That's the reason I don't give it five stars but, all in all, I recommend it.
Fine
excelent
charging plug does not work. it is in 2 pieces which do not fit into each other. The cord to computer works for charging.would of loved a car charger.
personally I do not like big phones as they don't fit well on pockets (men love to carry stuff on pockets :) ) so this Samsung is definitively a choice for me. Small, light, fast... love it
I have been very happy with all it does. This is a phone I can see having for awhile. It has been very easy to navigate and get use to.
My only real complaint is that electronics these days don't come with instruction books. I know you can go on line somewhere and find some sort of instructions. Usually I get my 10 year old grand daughter to explain it.
The signal strength is better the phone I bought from coolpanda. All Amazon shoppers be very careful with this seller (coopanda). I had a terrible experience with them. I will never purchase any item from them again. This Samsung is a cool phone.
This phone is a very good. I am from Nicaragua and here work perfectly. With two companies telecomThe 3G is slow, but solve with wifi.Thanks
I Bought this phone for my husband we have not hooked it up as yet but I did set up the wifi and it works perfectly with out a sim card we are mainly using it out of the United States and I can't wait to see how it functions already love every thing about it I presently have an I phone 4s and to me it started giving trouble from day one would go blank and freeze up then sprint told me that I need to update it bs, because this happened a week after purchase, never me and sprint again or for most of it I love the specs the aps they are awesome would definitely recommend this phone btw all the aps worked so far whats ap, Skype, facebook and the other important ones even the navigation love this phone. I gave it four stars because haven't hooked it up as yet but when I DO WILL sure to come back and give it five
Sent it to Peru and works fine, my brother was going to give it to somebody but kept it for himself, He can use it with two phone companies. He gave up his Motorola Photon for this one.
it came on time, I've been using it for a mounth and has no complaints about it. if you want a dual sim phone this is a good one.
Its an excellent phone, its fully locked no logos, though manual is in French, but since its use friendly no problem use just selcted english or any other language (some other languages) first time you turn it on and then your good to go and charger has round pins ( good for me because am taking it to africa) but it has another extention for the usa sockets. It came without the ear phones
I think the charge plug is not fit in the USA,Do you have not another one,if you have. It will much better.
Love it
BUENISIMO
VERY GOOD AND WORKED FINE
very good
excelente.
Excelente
so far i like it it has more than i expected when i travel with it and add the second sim i will be able to give a better review
excellent product, good quality and meets the expectations, color and design, the finish is the expected price ratio and very good article
the item is in perfect condition and is recommended
Mis saludos, excelente SAMSUNG me encantó ya me llegaron las dos gracias lo recomiendo.My greetings, excellent SAMSUNG loved me and came through the two I recommend.
have the same satisfaction as with this model ...thank you very much i love this product i recommended a 100% to everyone need a dual sim mobile ( work very well in venezuela)
i LOVE THE PHONE STILL HAVE SET UP ISSUES BUT WILL GET THERE, THERE WAS NO HEADPHONES IN THE PACKAGE, I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED.
excelente
muy bueno
Don't currently have the phone anymore but when i did i loved it! Picture quality could have been a little better because thats just what i expect with galaxys but other than that everything was a dream with this phone
Excelente!
good work great
excelente gracias
good
The whole process was transparent and agility. It was delivered in the time indicated. I am satisfied
excelente servicio y producto lo esperado
very good 100% Operating
excelent
Excelente. Gracias.
***Excelente Producto***
perfect!
GRANDIOSO
bueno
great phone have it a year now no problem as yet
It 's my first Sansung. I had a Blackberry before it. SO NICE! I'll buy another one to my husband. The cam is very good.I
I absolutely love my phone. I have not explored all its features as yet, so I can't give it a five star rating at this moment. The only issue I have with it, happens to be the screen's sensitivity when taking a call. Is there an app that can lock the screen while you are taking a call?
I ordered this phone from Wireless everything and i am very satisfied with this order/product. i was skeptical when i ordered this phone but (Wireless Everything) is a legit company with some nice products... i will be shopping with them for other things.
Was very satisfied with my purchase. Great phone great deal. Will buy again when the time comes around. Hopefully soon.
This product is user friendly and very handy. I didnt expect that the size is just fine and you can carry them easily.
Very nice phone, really easy to carry due to it size. Samsung makes one fine product. This is my fifth product from Ssmsung, n obtaining it from Amazon.com makes things that much better for dependability, n guarantee that I'll be treated with the utmost care and protection.Thank you Mr.R.Crews
Sometimes we read the review from another people o dont get the product so from my opinión the real true is the se cell is a great smartfhone is fast the pic al most wintout flash are execellent quality the two sim work with company you can answer both call everything is great in this cell
I purchase two of these phones over the Christmas holidays and is very delighted with this purchase. The phone worked flawlessly out of the box and has the same great features as the more expensive Galaxy S3.
Put in my local sim card, and works no problem.Not to small and not to big! Just right mobile phone!Need to get another!
I honestly don't know where to begin with this phone? This was a gift for my sister and she totally loves it and she the envy of all that sees its capability. Everyone wants one. Its a great phone.
Thanks, I liked the product. Only reason i gave it four stars is some minor things, like the flimsy looking charger cable, looks real tiny as if it will soon break and the white headset for a black phone.
Bough it for my mum, is a good cellphone very easy to use maybe a little too little to type the letters when you are writing a text message or anything like it.
This phone is everything I thought it would be and more. Love it! Not hard to use, and the right size for me.
Shipping time was accurate. Product was as expected. Thank you.
Phone works very well
Excellent!!!
excellent
bien
MUY BUENO
I like
good
I saw it i liked the design, the price was very interesting too, then i bought it. Now i'm happy with my phone; it has worked for me like expected!
the description of items and specifications agreed with the statement made by the supplier, I am well satisfied with the product recido and the time came
Everything about the phone is true.It's a beautiful phone.Works well and has good features.I am not 100% familiar with it, but so far it is a great little phone.
I really like the phone,its a little smaller than expected it works very well so far came new in a box money well spent.
the phone is good and works well in Germany. I need to buy another one for myself. I love this phone.
It has all I need it, it lost the charge a littel bit quicly but it is a good phone
It's working nicely. I did not face any problem. I recommend to everybody to purchase this product. There is no problem in touch screen and WiFi.
The recipient loved the phone right out of the box, small with dual simcard, wireless,unlocked great price not a bad deal,
This product is really great; the phone works fine and download apps easily when the internet connection is good. the only problem is that the instruction manual was in polish.
Okay, So I will promptly leave a longer feedback message then normal because this phone DOES have a lot of mixed reviews.The phone itself is a solid phone, I had to get it to replace my older LG Dynamic. I wanted a phone with a larger pixel dimensions (Bigger screen) and a something faster.That is exactly what I got. Now, however, if you do not have a Sims Card, you will need to buy one. I needed to buy one because the LG Dynamic -As far as I know- does not have a place to use a Sims, and while I am on Straight Talk I had to order a Sims. The only thing that bothers me would be the fact that I have no idea if a T-moblie or AT&T Sims card will still work if I am using Straight Talk.If your phone is running slow, this is what you NEED TO DO.Uninstall all the apps that you will not use (The apps that came with the phone that are not installed on the ROM).Go over to your Google Play store and go to Settings, TURN OFF automatic updates.--Now something I would do, but you don't really have too--Root your phone and install Titanium Backup.back up all apps that are on the phoneAnd remove apps you will not use from the ROM...Like ChatOn.All and all, I really needed to leave a feedback message on this item because I was not really liking the mixed reviews.Also, if you plan on reading all of the reviews, and you live in the US or Canada, disregard any comment made about Venezuela. Sorry, that has really been bugging me a lot..EDIT AUGUST 31ST 2014:The phone is still working very well, However, with further inspection I don't believe it can get 4G or even 3G.The provider who I go through (Straight Talk) supports 4G LTE, and my sims card as well, but looks like my basebands are not supporting it.Not like that really matters to much as I am mostly connected via WIFI, but just thought I update that I don't believe it supports 4G LTE or 3G.EDIT: June 10, 2015I've since upgraded to the Galaxy S4, the duos is still being used as a work phone and after all these months of use, it still holds up.I've had to buy a new battery however, but all and all, still good phone :)
I LOVE my phone.. it does get a little slow when a lot of apps are installed but all the stuff i can do with this phone its just awesome It's better than blu rave d230
It is the lightest and fast mobile phone I recommend for everyday use, for people who are just starting to use Android devices. And because you can use two SIM cards, I have no need for the tedious walk with two handsets, but only this spectacular phone. I highly recommend.
Reliable, easy to use, very sensitive screen. Runs everything for android with no problems. very stable and best, does not hang up.
Very nice and beautiful cel phone, good quality, good appearance, and great feature for sport and social events, works fine. I recommend the purchase.
thank you very much I am very satisfied with my purchase I received it in perfect condition and the transit time was in his time. I'm really happy because this cell sansumg Duos Galaxy 7562 is what I was looking for. muchjas grace! I love it!
As advertised, on time delivery, no issues!! The description matched the product that I was looking to purchase and met my expectations.
Its a beautiful phone, It does everything that I expect and more, So the Amazon is the only way to shop.
Excellent.
Happy with the purchase...arrived in good time.
excellent product, I recommend...
EXCELLENT
excelente
Ok
It's a very lovely phone to use
Very Good
excellent product, thanks
excelente
Excelente producto
execelente
I really like and I received it on time
love it. memory could have been larger
all good 100 percent
I recommend it, thank you very much
Excellent
good
very good
Good.. Is slow
Nice phone.
Love it!
bueno
perfect...thanks !!
Excelente Product
EXCELENT...
i bought the samsung Galaxy s DUOs s7562 for my son and he's enjoyin every moment of it.
Excelente
Excelent product
EXCELENTE
excellent. Product in accordance with what is offered and excellent quality. good seller
Got this device for my wife for international travel. It works great and she loves it.
Good phone for the price. i use it in europe and west africa. depending on the provider the net is slow in general.if you leave on the internet forget about this phone.
This is a great product, however, I find myself constantly having to charge this phone after 3 to 4 hours especially after extended data usage. :(
I recommend for every body.It is new and as you see it in the picture exactly.I like it.
It does work all over the world, but you do have to buy a sim card for the locations your at. Great purchase...the GPS was awesome from Japan, to the Philipines, to Hawaii.
good
Pros: Great feel and design. Coming from a Black Berry the overall performance was really responsive and I was able to download the BBM App as well as the Whats App to stay connected to all my friends. It was indeed factory unlocked and works well in the Caribbean, I'm in Barbados.Cons: Battery life drains too fast so I had to download the Battery Doctor App which really helps correct that and the virtual keyboard was a challenge at first but I'm getting better. That's the reason I didn't give it 5 stars.Overall its a really great phone so if you like it go for it.
I am just getting to use this phone and I am AMAZED at all the features. Dual SIM is great since I am currently living overseas. Seller was awesome too. I would highly recommend this phone!
My phone worked fine and met my expectations. there was only one problem, the battery needed to be charged too quickly. Even when I did not run anything or download anything, I still had to charge every night.
I was looking for a new smartphone with dual sim capabilities and a suitable app availability that would keep me up to date with the newest communication technologies. It met quite well my requirements and I'm very satisfied with it.
I bought this item for some one else who asked for it, so I do not have detailed opinion on the product
Works great, lots of features, easy to use and easy to read. Got it for my son and he loves it. Getting one for myself.
I had always wanted a dual sim phone of a high quality and the Samsung Galaxy S Duos is in my view the best option. I would certainly recommend this magnificent gadget to anyone in search of the convenience of having two cellphones in one.
works great, no issues1 att sim 1 t-mobile data simbetter than knock off brands, samsung quality, not an s3 but dual sim is what i needed
The product was delivered in perfect condition and has met my expectations.I was surprised when I turned on the machine because the menu was in Chinese, but everything was ok when I selected the appropriate language.The only point I did not like was the view of the text messages that are a little disorganized for a device from Samsung.But overall I really liked it and would recommend the product.
is a good telefeno serving me for the activities I want to do and this at a good price when you buy
It is one of the best unlock phone which I purchased. Easy to use for my AT&T. Insert SIM card to plug and play.
Fine and wonderful small phone
excellent product, recommended
All ok with this product.
excelente
GREAT SERVICE & GREAT PRODUCT, THANKS
many faithful recommended thank all perfect
OK
Good phone..! Nice seller
nice and beautiful
good
100% muy buenos
Excellent, Very Good.!
good
It's a good cell phone, but I didn't expected that the default language was Chinese.... But it look a good phone
LOVE MY NEW PHONE! I'm a "soccer mom" so I needed a phone that helped me get to places (alarm/calendar/planner) and I also wanted an FM radio and it has it!!! sorry but sometimes you just need to do some things the old fashioned way
Great quality phone, the shipping was fast and the phone was definitely unlocked. Even though it lags a little, it was great and definitely worth buying :)
good quality product, an extraordinary strong team serves well in Venezuela on any carrier, very versatile indeed recommended... excelent phone
nswerHiI don't know about Venezuela, i guess it will work. I bought my phone in USA and the phone is working in Brazil, where I live.
battery lasts roughly 35-40hrs with over 10hrs of talk time, great camera, sensitive touch screen, might need just a tad bit more processing power
Excellent team, something complicated in the sense for navigation on the Internet, because if you do not use caution and use the SIM that you consume is not the balance. for others very good video and photos ..
The phone was purchased as a birthday gift and it is amazing. The dual sim capacity works perfectly and the features are excellent. The tone quality is also great and hearing clarity is perfect. I would definitely get another!The dual sim works well, I have no complaints. The features are also excellent. I definitely recommend.
version is the 7562L, works well in Venezuela, MOVILNET, MOVISTAR and should work well for digitel. updated version of the software, connect it to the PC right from the start without problems. personally I'm using to MOVILNET, the connection is slow, for MOVISTAR is faster.Sometimes the phone is slow when turning or especially when communicating with BBM or facebook messeger.Anyway, the phone is good, unlocked, and cheap compared to the mini S3.I hope you have served my opinion on this device
This has been a great phone. The BEST feature being the dual SIM. I have my t-mobile SIM in #1 which gives me unlimited text and data and then I bought a Thai pre-paid SIM (carrier=AIS) at 7/11 in Bangkok and put 500 Baht (approx. $16) on that. I use SIM#2 to call and text friends in Thailand.The only downside is the size. Its just a bit too small of a footprint so using the keyboard yields more mis-spellings than my other smatphones.
This phone has all the features we needed. There sre times when it is necessary to reboot it because it doesn't connect to the cellphone network for calls incoming or outgoing. I may have solved that problem adjusting settings, odd that there would be a setting that causes loss of access to cellular. But otherwise it seems like a good phone allows 2sims so family overseas can text us without extra charges.
EXCELENTE
I bought this phone two month ago and I can say it is quite good. Nice features all most can do everything. But what I don't like is the part that the applications can't move to external sd card.This phone doesn't posses a lote of memory and the fact of not be able to manage my apps is frustrating.
Delivery, I thought it could be faster, but the advantages of the phone, outweigh the inconvenience. This was the second attempt to buy it, because the former had no availability
The phone met all my expectations and I have recommended it to all my friends who are also recommending it to their friends..
because i really like the phone and the features that it has every thing i want and more this will be a good gift
bueno
bien
Muy bueno
Excellent
good
excelente
excelent, work fine
muy bien
Very slow but good price
Excelente
Bought this for my son, and he loves it...
Excelente
excelente
excelent
i love it work in venezuela all cell phone company.
Excelente!
excellent
like new
Great
It work well, a good cell phone for the normal use. And the shipment is just on time like they promised.
I love my new cell phone. It has many apps and the camera is very good as well as many other features.
I like the packaging and time it takes to reach. My only problem is that it came with a plug that I have no idea where to use it. Its the first am seeing those plugs.
This product was highly recommend by a close friend. I will recommend this cell phone as I am very impressed with it's performance thus far.
Excellent product quality, openly recommend it you will not regret buying it
selling 100% responsible and serious
Very good product excellent quality
Excellent.
Excellent
very good
excelet
buy this phone because of its versatility. Your camera allows for photo quality, having front and rear camera. It is released and works with all operators. Very good price, easy to handle. It's great and I recommend it.
EXELENTE
I got it for my wife as a surprise gift. She is enjoying it done anything she's ever got. I think it is a good product so far.
Exelente producto (caracas - venezuela) llego a tiempo y en buenas condiciones liberado todos los accesorios buena tienda y buen servicio de envio gracias
O celular é excelente. Melhor do que eu poderia esperar. E a empresa que o vendeu entregou o celular antes da data marcada. Outra excelente surpresa. Recomendo o celular e a loja que o vendeu.
satisfeitíssimo!!!muito bom, perfeita interação.experiência mais que satisfatória na entrega, noa qualidade dos produtos e nos prazos e preços. obrigado
I like this phone, the dual sim feature is very good I have no need for two phones now. The one thing I don't like about the phone is the keyboard, its very small sometimes I end up using the wrong key......... I tried using a stylus but no luck. Apart from that its a nice phone with a decent camera.
excellente
worth it the deal
bien
excellent
Nice phone for the money. ...
excellent product
excellent
good morning gentlemen, let me help. units sent me an award for being a member at $ 99 but could not load it on my credit cards, I live in Venezuela, you know our restrictions, there is a chance I will send this gift in a gift card?.thank you very much, happy day
Excellent phone, I gave my girlfriend and super happy with this totally original sealed wine with all accessories and works great with movilnet, the only thing is that the internal memory is 2GB not 4GB as the specifications say, but the phone works perfectly, totally recommended ... I went back to make another purchase with this seller since I trust genus two new models samsung galaxi mini s3, await his arrival soon and I have the same satisfaction as with this model ...
GOOD
product was as decribed ......Iam happy with that .Arrived very fast .Completely satisfied. My daughter is using it so I cant comment on technical aspects of phone
its as described. Works just fine.
Nice phone. Good for the price you pay
Exfellent
very good
excelente
i buy this phone for some one they love it takes very nice pictures i would recommended
perfect
excellent product
I chose this classification because I like the product.I like this product because I need it.I recommend it to family and friends.
excellent recommend very good product, reliable. You can buy with confidence. telefon good, comfortable, lightweight, good software, fast. muy bueno
I was looking for a simple opened smart telephone to be in contact now that I am moving to another country. It is working perfectly for that!
good quality product and was ordered and arrived in time .
What shocked me when the phone arrived was how small it was. It felt and looked like a Samsung mini and not a regular Samsung Galaxy size.
Very good
very good
perfect
Excelente
excellent article
perfect
Very good product. I'm happy
ok
Excellent product 100% recommended seller
excellent service and product quality, 100% recommended
good
Good service.SO ANY ONE CAN BUY IT.
I am from Venezuela, the item was as described in the publication, without details. Excellent seller, 100% recommended
Excelente celular, práctico, útil, liviano, me gusto mucho.
very god
BIEN
excellent!!
EXCELENT
Perfecto
excelente
thx
Excelente
Exclente, it was what I expected.
its wonderful
Good product. Good buy.
I USED WITH MY TWO CHIP AND IS SO POWERFULL AND CLEAR VOICE.
Excelente
I love my phoneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee... thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
EXCELLENT
The product was sent correctly and meet my expectations. It has an excellent quality. Indico this seller.
Good seller would recommend.
Got delivered the day before the actual delivery date posted :) Love the Phone! It's so cool! I love how tiny it is! It fits perfectly in my pocket! I wish I'd gotten this phone earlier! I'm IN LOVE!
All that one can expect from a smart phone, great Capacitya, perfect design, easy to handle and ability to connect to the wifi network. The only problem is that the battery does not charge to 100% and heated to connectarla. What else was excellent. thanks
excellent
excelente
good one!!
Excelent
wondeful
excellent, very good service
Works perfectly and I love it! Was shipped on time, also with all the pieces. Networks picks up just fine as well. I recommend it if you are looking for a simple double sim phone and nothing too flashy....
good
BUENO
excelente
excelente
Good Night,This is to let you know my line, and I appreciate all your effort every day to better serveregards
Good
excelent !!!
perfetc
Bought this for my Dad who took it for his friends in India. Good phone and it worked in india sill working strong after all this time.
Very Good
good
good
Very Good
I really liked my atiempo On product arrived I thank you very much
quite a nice gadget
The phone tis excellen I like but little small
EXCELENTE
Excelente
Excelente
Excellente producto
Excelente producto
all excellent I found very good buy, affordability. The product arrived on time. In good condition. Good Package. Thank you
excelente
exelent!
excente!
very very good
Excellent, I really liked telefono recommend
very good
excelente telefono
good product. perfect
buen telefono
buen telefono
exelent product, is very good, 100% recomended
muy bueno
Great phone for the money
excellent!
Smaller than I expected. But works well bought it for my daughter
perfect
good
No complains
good
Very good product
I bought this unlocked phone for a prepaid plan instead of getting a contracted phone with extra data costs. This works perfectly for my purposes. The dual sim is also an extra convenience when traveling, instead of having to purchase a different phone abroad.
This phone arrived packaged very well. It arrived in the allotted time. I like almost everything about this phone. I didn't want a big phone that stuck out of my hand. So the size is favorable. I agree with some of the reviews that the battery drains fast if your running apps but that is understood. I haven't had trouble with dropped calls. The sim went right in out of my old phone and worked. It picks up the router fine in my house. I can use this phone when I travel to the Philippines or other southeast Asian countries without taking my US sim out. This phone works on Guam USA.
I love my new device it does everything I need it to do, and I have always wanted one and now I have it.
Excelent product and the seller too, I recomendated them.
excelente celular
clean device!!!
buen teléfono.
excellent producer , excellent seller , I am very pleased and grateful
all fine
EXCELENT
excellent
Good
good
very good
received supply.
Good. Fast delivery
Excellent but from time to time it hangup while is updating its software.
Very good product, I recommend it. Excellent quality, as it says the publication. presentation is very good, the price adjusted.
I like it so far for the simple fact, I just got it yesterday! Still trying to figure out some things! But over all its better than my old Samsung by far!
excelente
OK
muy bien
BUENISIMO
excelente
Excelente
good phone to use and is good features user friendly nice looks easy to hold in hand is easy and to big
I've been using this phone for a couple of months now and I am so happy with it!!! the dual sim works great!! I have two different lines in it from different operators and it works perfectly!! I'm so happy I got to get rid of carrying two cell phones around!!! also the operating system works great, it has not given me any trouble at all!! love, love, love, love it.
As soon it arrived got my 2 sim cards into the device and start working smooth, no problems what so ever, so bu it if you need to have 2 active/active sim cards.
I was debating whether or not to go with the iPhone since I already have an iPad or try the Android system. Obviously, I decided on the Android. I haven't seen any major differences, but I'm also not a technology nerd. I mostly just use my phone for calls, whatsapp, calendar, and email. The one thing I do notice is that it's sometimes a little slow (compared to my iPad) when opening and closing applications. Facebook is pretty crappy, but I don't know if that's because of the connection or the phone.Being that it's a dual SIM is beneficial to me since I have a business phone as well. I value you that much more than being able to look at fb.The one problem I had when I received it was that it was set in Chinese. Since it was my first smartphone, I had no idea how to change the language. Just turning on the phone to put my PIN number in... I didn't know where the confirm button was! Luckily, I had bought a Samsung for my husband, so using his, I could figure out how to change the language.I'm not too impressed with the camera either, but like I said... I don't use my phone for things other than forms of communication and organization.Hope that helps!
thank you very much i love this product i recommended a 100% to everyone need a dual sim mobile ( work very well in venezuela)
QUICK DELIVERY EXCELLENT PRODUCT RECOMMEND ALL
excelente
EXCELENTE
Excellent
good, its fine cell phone thanks you. i love my new phone.
Great produt, thanks
Works great as expected.
Satisfied with item. Thank you.
excellent product, responsible company
Excelente
I compared my Apple with Android, My Apple is not high version, though I liked S7562.
It's a great Cellphone works fine.Economic, convenient and high performance
Nice Product!!!!
Excellent
EXCELLENT
un poco lento pero satisface aplicaciones basicas (banco,pin,what...)
Excelent
EXCELENTE
excelente
excelente
excellent product, recommend it to all persons who view this publication
excelente
very good
Excelente el articulo me llego en buen estado y funciona a la perfección!
Light, great color. I purchased one, and my sister had the second one.
Muy Bueno
bien
exelente
Great
Fastshipment
Excelente
excelente producto
When looking for a phone I wanted a galaxy 4 and that is what it said I was getting not I get a galaxy duos
very good product
impossible to use with both ship and that using the two together creates problems ship lit by both the uquipo use only one line
Excellent, would recommend
excelente
complacido
muy bueno
Good product
Excelente
bueno
It's excellent :)
Waaaah it is more than I thought, smart, small, fast and a dual card phone. I highly recommend it to anyone who need fast browsing phone
I was very pleased with my phone i order a second one for my husband. the only thing that i did not appreciate is my phone had ear phones and his did not (that's not a completed gift package).. please send my earphones my husband will appreciate having ear phones.
Very good phone and works perfect in Venezuela, nice design and quality of materials. The earphones sound very well. I highly recommend.
This dual SIM phone is good. I used it internationally and it was ok. What I didn't like about it was the virtual keypad, not easy to navigate
I haven't actually used 2 sim cards in the phone yet but so far the phone is working perfectly. I intend to use additional sim card when I go on vacation in September of this year. After that I would be able to give a complete review of it. But so far I love the phone. Downloading apps is faster than my Samsung Vibrant. Picture quality too is good.
great phone good prize ,easy to operate ,bought this a month ago just like my little toy it works great
bien
I was please with what I get the phone is original as it was it the picture on the website. I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
I really like this phone meets my expectations only thing I do not like is that the battery does not last long.otherwise it is perfect. good and excellent buy.
good product
excellent
excellent service, would recommend
muy bueno
It works very well.
excelente
Excellent article, I recommend
Nice phone, I love it has two sim cards! Very light and quite simple to use! Thanks a lot also for the American adaptor! Nice service!
This was a backup phone for travel to europe and for this purpose is fantastic. For a daily use phone it would be a bit frustrating as the screen is a bit small for heavy use but as a backup or for smaller hands this would be a great device for a stellar price.
EXCELENTE
excelent
I'm very happy I get the phone as expected, met with the delivery time are very responsible seller, my thanks I'm pleased.
Excelent
muy buen producto
muy muy muy bueno
I LOVE IT
Excellent
in good condition, good quality and excellent performance
perfect
Excelente!
Buen Producto y buena atencion por parte del vendedor
excelente
I read so many complaints about this product, I was not convinced at all about the purchase.I wanted to risk anyway, and I'm very happy about it. The phone is working perfectly, and I don't have any of the problems that other user have had.5 stars.
Its a nice cell phone but I expected more.Its nice, not so fast, but a nice camera, flash, display, android system, anyway, its cool.
First of all. This product is really brand new (I'd my doubts). It came with its plastics films (front, rear and sides) with no scratches or evidence of previous manipulating. I'm really glad and satisfied for that. I bought two identical phones, they were delivered in estimated date (paying for expedited shipment). It's my first experience with an android but i think this one is really a good alternative for a first smart android phone. I've read that this model is pretty slow but i can assure is faster than my Coby Kyros MID1042 and this is enough for me. I can surf internet at acceptable rates, even in hsdpa or WIFI. Connect 3G, HSDPA and wifi barely detected. Screen is pretty good too. It comes with Google Play Store. Only one reason i don's give 5 stars: POOR BATTERY LIFE. This apart, it's a good, strong, stable and pretty compatible device. The double sim card feature works fine too. I have Digitel and Movilnet sims in mine and have no problem with that. I can receive calls from both operators at the same time.I love this phone and really recommend it.
I have made some phone calls and text, I have no problem whit it. Great cellphone for the price. Easy to operate, android 4.0 but the speed system isn't so good, but for this price its a greaaaat deal
Works great. Used on straight talk and at&t. And ICE and MOVISTAR in costarica. Very happy with this phone thank you
son muy responsable con la entrega del producto asi que lo recomiendo para que le compre todos lo que vende ello gracias por todo
Very nice phone. Only problem I find is it tends to be very slow, takes forever to load. Otherwise fits my swag perfectly. The dual sim is a plus! Enjoys the benefits of both networks. Bought one for my friend and we are both enjoying them.
i like it
Great item!!
Excellent Team, is what I expected
cool
Great phone- arrived as expected- worked with US SIM card straight away. Since then taken to the UK- transferred number to this phone using a UK SIM- worked perfectly. Recommended.
Very Good
Excelent
Good phone
it works great
i loved this item
GOOD
very good
thank you
very good
Excellent
excelente
I love it so far. The phone's sound is clear to the ears. Pictures are good. Wi fi is great.I would recommend to friends. Thank you Samsung
I love it. Works great. Took a while until I got my provider to help program it properly but now it is fine
Excellent product
bienn
very good product
very good
great phone, my daughter's gift and she is loving it
Very good phone, worth for the money.all good features. very good gift for my uncle. he liked it.
good
Excellent
excelent
excellent
Very good. As I expected.
Excellent!
Excellent
excelente
Full bien,,,,,,,,,
good
The item came on time and as prescribed!
Amazing, I love it!
A good phone. My wife is enjoying it. Some issues with it. The hot spot feature does not work.
This is an ass-kicking bit of kit. I love it. Just the right size, and looks and feels the part. The Dual-SIM is a great thing. Don't hesitate ... buy one! :)
perfect
Excellent
I've grown to really appreciate this phone. Small drawback is that it keeps running out of memory but it maybe just a matter of removing some programs that were installed and disabling others I really don't need.However, I highly recommend it and have done so to many friends who have had excellent experiences with it and are simply wowed by the features.
EXCELENTE
This was a gift to my nephew. He loved it
Excelente
I really like the Samsung Galaxy S Duos, it's my first Samsung! It works great, I use both SIM cards with it and haven't had any problems with it
Excelente
very very good
excelente
Great phone and works as expected!
very good
Very Good Product
It's a good phone but did not last long. Just fell and got damaged. Have no warranty.
Excellent
Excellent
Great phone. I took it overseas for a family member, it was unlocked and works great.
Muy bueno
delivered as promised, phoe's in great condition. I'm satisfied
Good
beautifull, excellent, low price
I live in U.S. I received a unit with European charger. Somewhat disappointed over the charger. But, the phone is nice. Trouble-free.
chevere
RELIABLE . 100% RECOMMENDED
Easy to use
excellent, very good
Bought this to use when traveling internationally .. Works well and is a great travel phone .. Pop in a local sim and your good to go
excelente
Nice phone.
thanks!! i lov it
muy buen producto
phone excellent buy for use in Venezuela with Movistar 3g perfect recommend
Phone came on time and it's working perfectly as of now
Good
excelent
I am very impressed with this phone. It is much better than I expected.Although it does not run the latest version of Android, it has most of the functionality of a smart phone, at a fraction of the price of the latest models.It is a dual SIM card model, and I have one SIM card for US, and another for Europe.At home, I use it with my wifi.
A true international phone and it is a really great phone, worth every penny compared with other models or brands, this is the best phone
This is the right size phone for my needs. The screen size is perfect for my needs, weight is right and the dual SIM slots is a plus. The camera take decent pictures. Love this phone.
De acuerdo con lo ofrecido por vendedor, tiempo de entrega lo ofrecido, muy bien, lo recomiento
Slower processing but nice value for money spent. was a birthday gift to wife and she is liking it. All necessary things (WiFi, Camera, apps etc.) are working fine.Surely recommend the product and seller both.
Excelent
It is awesome.
excellent !!!! arrived on time and works great
confiable
Exellent phone and not expensif. Take nice picture. Perfdct for my use.
Very good simple smartphone.
muy bueno
Efficient and great price. It is smaller than I expected it to be, but it is perfect for my needs: I am planning on traveling to two european countries this summer and I will get two sim cards. I already put one card on (Spain's) and it works perfect. It may not take the best pictures with the secondary camera, but it will get the job done in an emergency. :)It also has gps, and hot-spot wifi, which I was very interested in getting just in case the need arises.Other reviewers have mentioned that the memory is pretty low. I purchased an 8GB SD Card and now it has more memory for music and pictures.Mine came with the US plug charger, and earphones. The instructions though are in a different language, except the very basic ones that come in English as well.
muy bueno
Great phone! Easy to carry and good battery.
battery do not last too long but, I like it
excelente producto
I received it very soon in perfect condictions.
Very good product, but most of the quality of the product the attention of the salesman, I had a comunicoque and me with them and solve me almost immediately. I recommend you for future operations!
Great phone for the cost, have been using it for about a month and no problems so far. I dont game or use it for music ... only issue is finding case for it.
Very good for the price. No complain. Good size. Good respond. Good sounds. Pictures nice. Excellent choice a reasonable price
nice phone for the price, bought it for my daughter and she loves it. I may get another on one.
This Samsung Galaxy S Duos II S7582 was a GREAT choice and I am very happy with it.I needed a Dual SIM Phone for my daughter while she is traveling across multiple continents, so I can stay in contact with her, and she can use a local pre-paid SIM card. I only had the phone a few days before sending it out again, so this review is limited to that. She had a GT-S7562 and was happy with it until it was stolen out of her hand in India (Travelers Beware!)Helpful info:Came with Android 4.2, the phone updated to 4.2.2 as soon as I connected it to the internet.This phone has slots for two of the larger SIM cards – not the mini-SIM.My US carrier's SIM card (AT&T) plugged in and worked fine for both Voice and Data. Phone calls and voice quality worked fine. I did not test the data speed on AT&T but it seemed fine. Google Maps worked great using GPS and AT&T data.This is the same size as the Galaxy Mini phones – it just has dual SIM slots.This phone came in a small, factory sealed, Samsung box with: the Phone, plastic back, battery (1500mAh), USB-A to Mini-USB cable (18 inch?), “In ear” style earphones with microphone, and an EU plug wall charger.Pros:Unlocked from Samsung, designed for international use – so it should work with most any WMA/SIM carrier in the world.Great size for travel. Big enough for the Android experience - slightly larger screen than an iPhone but not nearly the size of the more expensive 5 inch phones.Great screen, very easy to read and worked well even in sunlight.Phone worked great. Very responsive. First power up screen asked for the language with a LOT of choices. WiFi connected first time. AT&T SIM card worked first time.Price – paid 158USD with free overnight shipping from Prime.Cons:Battery life - Though I did not get much of a chance to test this phone, all Android phones (smart phones in general??) seem to lose their charge in less than a day. Plan for it.Only 4GB internal Flash.Minor: Wall Charger is an EU Plug. But I have many US Chargers and it is an international phone...I suggest ordering/having the following for this phone:1) Case – I got the 7USD Amzer AMZ95155 TPU case and it works fine for basic protection.2) Micro-SD card – the phone had over 1.5GB available, but for travel (taking pictures, storing music/video) I got the SanDisk SDSDQU-016G-AFFP-A 16GB Micro-SD card for 13USD.3) Additional Battery or portable USB charger.4) International AC Adapter, or Micro-USB power source for charging.Over all I highly recommend this phone and I would buy another one if needed.One last note: This order was fulfilled by Amazon Prime and the seller was “aSavings” – Kudos to Amazon and aSavings for a perfect transaction.
For the price it's all u need. It does everything that i need. If u need more get a tablet, but for a phone it's more then enough for me.
Just got this and so far it's running smoothly and I was surprised to see that the operating system is actually 4.2.2 Jellybean. This is very comparable and cheaper alternative to the S4. The phone came with earphones an international charger and a usb cable. I am very pleased with this phone I highly recommended it.
It has everything you need to be connected at a low cost. Definitely it is a good buy... and ole!
the best phone !!
Just perfect. Samsung allways is excellent. A very good cellphone, fair, simple but modern, perfect size with great apps and easy to handle. I recommend you buy it, everything perfect.
Too bad that dropbox+samsung space deal has ended. The cellphone works like a charm, nice speed and a plethora of applications. recommended.
excelente
Hi I was just wondering if anyone knows how I can make this into a prepaid phone. I tried to activate this phone with the straight talk activation kit & they said it wasn't compatible. Does anyone know what the carrier is for this phone so I can get it activated?
It is a good phone for its price. Due to lack of a good instructions / operation manual I have not been able to use its full potential.as it is very difficult for the first time smart phone user to operate it. Can some body help me as where to find some help.
Great phone. I use it specially for travel. I buy a local sim card and use it as a GPS speciallyDo not hesitate to buy it. I use iphone but I love this one too.
Excelent Product
Excelente
I have made several purchases in relation to this phoneI recommendandroid operating system hasmay be put up to 16GB memoryit is fastcomfortableuser friendly
Samsung Galaxy S 2 DuosThe Samsung Galaxy S 2 is a simple Duos Android smartphone with dual SIM support with 4-inch screen at 480 x 800 pixels, 5 megapixel camera, dual-core processor at 1.2GHz, 768MB of RAM, 4GB of internal storage and Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.easy access, connection through wifi and 3g up
I like the item
Phone is very nice, works perfect for the price really good, very pleased
Very Good.
100% recomended
mommy loves it!!!
good cell phone es very beautifull nice
Good product, I highly recommend it ....
Excelent
I am totally happy
We got this phone for use in Europe with an international SIM card. The phone worked great with the SIM card and we were able to receive calls everyone in Europe. It has the quad frequency required by most countries. Call clarity was good and the camera takes good pictures. It has many apps already installed - most of them are nice to have but not necessary. We did not use data much in Europe as we were on a cruise and spent time in London using Tube and Bus. Everything is pretty well marked so GPS and other nice apps were not required. The phone has many options and you can make it a secure as you desire. It is small enough to fit snugly is most any pocket. I was concerned about the size because of some previous comments. I found it large enough to use with my big hands but yet compact enough to secure it against possible theft. I also have to say it worked very well with my hearing aid - something that not all phones do well. I am very happy with the phone and plan to use it when we travel later this year. We also use it to call Sri Lanka from the US because the call quality is great and the rates with our SIM are better than our local phone or our US cell phone with ATT.
The phone worked great and connected to T-Mobile by simply inserting the SIM. Had to return due to a defect with the Back button. Would have liked a replacement of the same model.
I bought this smartphone for a gift to a beloved family member, and I must say it's amazing in many aspects. It's reliable, I get surprised that came with Android 4.2.2.It really works fine with both Simcards, the web browsing is smooth in 3G. The performance is excellent and the screen size is perfect for most applications.The phone also came with earphones an international charger and a usb cable. I am very pleased with this phone and I highly recommended it (for a gift or for personal use).
Very pleased. Factory sealed, new, unopened,specs as described, factory unlocked. Bought it based on Samsung reputation and dual SIM capability for US and European travel. Supplier kept all commitments in timely manner
There is nothing I dislike about the phone. Its a very good thing, and the price is great too. Strongly recommended for those with weaker pockets
The cell works great, and I love the fact that can be used for two sim. I recommend the cell.
fine
muy bien
Exelente
GOOD
EXCELLENT
all went well, they have my recommendation.
Excelente
the best product ever
OK, so this is my first smartphone, and my needs are simple. Phone, web access, email. Nothing special or elaborate. And the phone works great. I specifically wanted a small phone to fix my little hands, and this is just perfect. Yes, the keypad is a little tight, but I've learned to deal with it, and the word prediction is fabulous.My cellphone service provider had to help me set up the connectivity, as it is an unlocked phone so the settings weren't pre-entered, and it's worked well since then. I'm thrilled that the dual SIM works, as I love being able to use the phone throughout Europe without removing my US SIM card and trying not to lose it. It seems fast and responsive to me, although the paper manual did NOT tell me how to answer the phone which I found extremely frustrating... then of course I found the answer on the Web.The Manual that I found amongst the apps was really helpful, and it would've been nice if the useless paper manual had pointed me to it. (I certainly couldn't find a manual at Samsung's website which surprised me no end.) I had learned how to deal with the wonders of Android when I bought my tablet 2 years ago, which made this whole experience a bit easier than it would've been otherwise. It's ability to scan and connect to wifi is wonderful, and it frequently points me to open wifi sites I'd be otherwise unaware of. On the whole, I couldn't be happier with this purchase, particularly for the price.
hello, this came to me as I expected perfect recommend this item and this shop. will apologize for my English is not good
my son loves it, excellent smart phone
Excelente
Excelente
Una maravilla.
So far a great phone.
Its good phone I like it
very good
Exelente
Excelente telefonooo
excellent
great for international travel instead of using international roaming.
Haven't activated it yet but so far its great
execelente producto, me llegaron en buen estado
serious and recommended
EXCELENTE PROVEEDOR, EL PRODUCTO LLEGO A TIEMPO. ES COMPATIBLE EN VENEZUELA. LO RECOMIENDO.
exelente
Bought this phone. I liked every thing except the data download speed was very slow and eventually stopped. Contacted the seller a couple of times with no response from their side. After posting a bad review, they contacted me and refunded the full amount of my purchase price even after over a month having the phone in my position. I am satisfied.
Excellent phone. Responds very fast to inputs.
bien
it`s a great phone, very confortable, two line in one movil with android system!!!
I love my Samsung Galaxy :))
excelente
BUEN EQUIPO!
Samsung always the BEST, for a price this smart phone is very good all the features are excellent!!!
very good easy to handle
thanks great piece
excelente
excellent product and very good seller
All right, the cell was expected. works in Venezuela. They are 100% original. seller recommend to future operations.
All right, the cell was expected. works in Venezuela. They are 100% original. seller recommend to future operations.
Very nice phone..
Got this for travelling. Works just as expected. Using h2o Wireless and getting great reception from AT&T towers. As with any unlocked phone, I had to set up the mobile network to get internet and use apps. Your wireless carrier can tell you how to do this or you can Google it. Got this phone after returning the BLU Advance 4.0 Unlocked Dual SIM Phone. The Samsung was about $40 more, but it works much better than the BLU.
So far this phone seems excellent for the price. It was new and in the box. The battery needed to be put in and the back cover pops off easily, but it does seem flimsy. My smart phone experience is all with iPhones and this cannot compete, but I bought it to have an unlocked phone for foreign sim cards when we travel and it will serve the purpose well. Do not have the sim card yet, but even without it was able to charge the battery and set up the phone using wifi, create a Samsung account, update the software which was not the latest version and add my own email account. The charger plug is European with an American adapter included. It also comes with a USB to micro cord which worked fine with my iPhone plugs.Update: I went to the samsung.com website to download the full user manual and could not find it. After a lot of effort, I discovered the problem. The phone is manufactured to be sold in Africa. (Which I would have known if I had read the warranty information that came in the box.) The manual is accessible on the www.samsung.com/africa_en. The warranty documents suggest the warranty would only be valid in Africa.
Am enjoy in the phone so far
GREAT!!
100% recomendable
very good overseas
very good overseas
Processor is not fast enough. Upon the first month of use, with almost no additional apps and mainly used for SMS and WA rather than calls, it remains charged for 2 or 3 days, better than the average cells.
Love the phone. Works perfectly right away. sleek enough and light weight. I did contact the seller to confirm that the phone would come with charger, data cable and headset. However, the package had no headset and the charger was incomplete as it had no attachment to fit into the wall socket. i did email them advising them. i am awaiting a response. and best believe i will come back to let you guys know. but other than that the phone seems great so far. I will update accordingly. 4 stars so far
I love it
I love it
Is a good cellphone
Excellent!!
very good
very good fine fine
Nice and relatively cheap, same screen size as iPhone 4/s
the Phone was the one I did order it's good
The phone has been working great from the start. I am using it in Haiti and occasionally in the US. I have SIM cards from both providers and just need to activate whichever card I am using at the time. I shut off the card for the country I am not in so I do not accidentally call a number in the wrong country and have big expenses. I also use Google maps on the phone in Haiti and can usually navigate even here!
Excelent phone
EXCELENT
Excelente
Excelente
Gracias
Gave it as a gift. The recipient loves it and has no complaints.
Perfect
I love it, it has never left me badly always work
My daughter bought this phone it was perfect worked out great has lots of little apps and games lots of fun great for phone calls texting and everything else
I bought it for my brother in law who is in africa as abirthday present. He loves it.
Excelent
So far the cell is performing as advertised. I am thinking that will live up to its reputation.
Nice cellphone, came with everything.
Great for the price.
exlenete
Phone a bit slow but works well for my 50+ uncle which this cell is his first smart phone.
excelente!!!!
excelente recomendado
Thanks excellent
Product received and in perfect condition, met expectations. thanks
Good Service, I recommend it 100% Thank and good luck...
excellent phone despite its limited memory is a great team
This is a really cool phone. It's on the smaller side, which makes it more easily pocket-sized but the screen is a little smaller to read. I got this because it is unlocked for international cell networks. I had a SIM from another country that I placed inside before I arrived. After following the telco's instructions (in advance)...this phone just connected to their network as soon as the flight attendants said we could turn on our phones. This was very useful for letting my in-country connections know I made it...long before I got through passport control and customs.
Works great.
very good
100% fine
Great phone, only drawback is having to get on-line to access a user manual. Phone only came with USA charger, would like to have had International charger as well (my other similar phone came with both chargers).
Excelente :)
perfectly
Purchased my phone and received it on time..It works great ! I use it for U.S. and international calls....I would suggest it as purchase to anyone on a median budget...It does what its supposed too !!
great for the price
delivery was very quick no problem yet with the phone
Im very proud of me to make thi shopping
love my 2nd phone
Excellent product. I recommend it.
excelent
excelente celular
It's all i want... Great.. and so beatiful..
Excellent Product Thank you!
Excellent phone to take to Africa. Worked here in the US and in Kenya with a new sim card.
great phone delivered on time
Loves to buy electronics on Amazon works excelent, best price, excelent quality and not problems to use in my home Costa Rica I am so proud to be customer in Amazon....
Excellent, really recommend it.
Very good.
Excelent
Good value
Great
Perfect phone to own if you travel around the world. Great contact with home. When in Germany, I could call home, (US) for 5 cents a minute. Not bad. First sim card, which I bought in Germany, cost me $15.00 US and I got $11.00 credit. The place I bought it set it all up for me and showed me how to check my balance. I did not pay for internet usage as I had another means to do that. If need be, you can add $$ to the card. Only thing with a sim card, they expire after six months, so don't but lots of time thinking you can use it anywhere else in the world--you can't. I won't leave home without it!!
I have always liked Samsung, this is my second one and so far so good...no complaints about this phone. Would I encourage anyone to get it ?...yep, for sure. It is a wonderful phone. Being able to use it overseas mean the European type of plug ...which does not work in the States unless you get a converter...other than that....its a great phone.
first class... the problem is the charger ; it is European and only you can upload a pc
I haven't got time to test and try this product enough as to give a definite rate, but so far it's been working perfectly ok. Sound is perfect, call quality is very good, wifi strength is powerfull, signal quality reaches the maximum level in most of the locations I've been using it, but it's been only 4 days since I started using it.
I loved just need to give them at least excellent case
It's good enough for a rather cheap smartphone.Comfortable size (neither too big nor too small), processes go fast enough, stable system, great screen resolution, compatible with pretty much everything.The camera could be better (awful zoom, and you'd better keep your hand steady, but well, it's a phone, not a Nikkon professional camera), but the definition is alright, so it's acceptable.Actual drawback: 3g only works at top speed when signal is really strong and goes way slower than S3/Nexus/Iphone 4 and above when you are in a crowded area, that's something you should probably consider (it won't load maps fast enough downtown in a populated city, for instance).Something that came as a nice surprise: it's one of those Samsung phones which gives you 50gb free space in Dropbox when first synced.
I recommend it 100%
Exellent
Very good. As expected
is ok
Nice phone, BUT I returned it due to not being able to receive 3G data on AT&T network in my area (EDGE:2 only). Frequencies did not match. If that had worked, I certainly would have kept the phone. Screen looked great. Responsive.
bien
Excellent Product. Thanks.
Excelente
Everything ok
Everything ok
normal
excelente
Excellent
thank you all very well with teams, highly recommend
Very slow but good price
great
The advantages of Android with the convenience of two phone lines. Ideal to use oversesas keeping your home sim card adding a local one to save roaming money.
PERFECT!!
Great phone for its price, Samsung always knocks it out of the park.
Simply put...a great phone for the price. Best thing is; that it's unlocked so I can use ANY Carrier I wish...and since their NOT ALL THE SAME, make sure you study all the options and not choose the first one that comes along.
GOOD
excellent
it is perfect for me
excelente
it fits my basic needs of Use
It worked so well on an oversea trip. Thank you.
excelent
My husband's first smart phone - not too old to figure it out after all.
excellent
Great Phone
EXELENTE
This phone is just very nice and working great.Price is also very good and fast delivery.
Phone arrived on time and worked perfect.
very good product thanks very much
EXCELLENT
perfecto
hello, this came to me as I expected perfect recommend this item and this shop. will apologize for my English is not good
Excellent
100% reliable seller, very good product I recommend ....
excelente.....
Bought this for someone as a gift and they absolutely love it! Thank you!
AWESOME
buenisimoooooo
NICE
excellent
Haven't used yet but product looks good and works well as far as i have explored.
Bought it for my husband. It's a nice little phone. You definitely need to get a sd card though.
Works well in Jamaica
ok
confiable
excelent
I recommend the seller 100 % excellent products
I like it but no good for my wireless provider I dii not have no choice to return the phone thank for my refum.
Love my Sansung Phones.
very good, excelente
Awesome
SUPER PRODUCTO
Great product
A great phone. Thank you.
Excelent.
I LOVE IT
very good the phone, i like, all perfect thanks
great product
Has both front and back camera and comes with a Samsung earphone
good
Very good phone at a good price. Only bad thing that you can not use the two sim cards together but is easy to change which sim you .want to use.
muy bueno
excelente
As expected.
all ok
exelent
Perfect
Excellent Phone!
excelente
Good phone
Very good
exelente
excelent
Excellent recommend
excelent
very good
Good seller would recommend.
Bought this so I could use it on international travel in Europe. Worked perfectly! Just got a SIM at the airport, and popped it in and worked great! Used dual SIMs when I was traveling back and forth between countries in Europe. Great feature and very useful!
Excellent.. thamk you very much ;)
ok
Very Good. I'm still discovering until now all right.
Phone with all necessary features...
I like it
exelent
all delivered meet the expectations.
Very good
good
Item was delivered on time and has thus far lived up to expectations.
its working fine so far,came on time.didnt have the connecting piece for the charger though
100% satisfafied, good product
excelent
it's good and i like it.At date, my only only concern is about the battery. if a lot of applications are in use i have to recharge the battery every day
meets expectations
EXCELENT
really good
Very good delivery time and product performance.
shipped fast. Have not tested this phone intensively yet but 2nd day using it i think its a solid well performing phone. Its speed is good for the price. not the best phone out there, but for $150 it's a great buy. Just as described and very satisfied so far.
The phone arrived quickly. It was in original packaging, which was, however, opened to include a simple travel adapter to convert the European plug on the cord to American one for US wall sockets. The packaging was carefully closed again with a similar piece of tape, which of course caused some alarm that there was some foul play. No worries, it was just the plug.The phone has a dual slot for the regular sized SIM cards (the so-called mini-sim or 2FF). I have had the phone now a few weeks and it works like a dream. I only needed it as a secondary phone to my heavy duty Samsung Galaxy S 2 Plus and have only installed and used a limited array of applications. I have not had any performance issues with apps or otherwise. I have two European SIM cards in it - for business purposes. Both cards connect very happily sometimes with AT&T and sometimes with T-Mobile. In my relatively modest daily use the battery lasts for about three full days before it needs to be recharged. The only, very mild complaint I can make is that Samsung has introduced a strong contrast to the screen colours of this model. Yes, it makes colours brighter - the ones you can see, but it loses some of the colours in exchange. It is the same problem as with glossy TVs and computer screens. Everything looks bright and shiny, but image quality suffers. As I said, this is a very minor issue - on a phone. I would say that for the price I paid, this phone is truly worth every penny.
excellent
This phone meet all the expectations,still trying how to use all the gadgets.
Brilliant...
works fine and came in a well timed manner
Yes, it's a good
The battery is empty too soon
excelent
excellent, highly recommend
My first android phone and I love it.
Way better phone than I was expecting. I think I spent like 120 dollars on this phone and it was twice as good as my old smart phone that I spent a lot more for. My favorite feature is the voice recognition software, it's flawless.
Nice cellphone!
Item delivered on time, was as described, my mom loves it!
Excellent product met my expectations, fast shipping.
EXCELENTE
excelente. I lovee it
excelente
Excellent product!
Quickly and great... but I'm not happy complete because is not running fast, but the other is good...
100% recomendado
excellent shipping on time, very responsible is what I expected
excellent
the phone works very well in Venezuela, it's original package, I recommend
The Product is excellent but the only thing it took long to reach me. Was ordering this Product destination country was Africa, Zambia.
ok
todo llego completo tal cual se describia en la publicacion
excelente producto, 100% original
en perfecto estado .
Am still getting used to it.so far so good.
excelente
The phone had been great for my wife so far. With both sims in it works flawlessly. A bit sluggish response at times but expected given this is a budget android phone and not a note or something.
Buen Celular
As expected. When many programs are installed tends to be slow, but it is normal for the amount of RAM that have. For everything else was excellent. Do not give it 5 stars because I ordered black and they sent me white.
This is my first smart phone, as such i have stepped out of the dark ages and into modernity. The superb feature on this phone is it's capability to hold two sim cards.
camera is clear, must go thru a lot of updating b4 u strt using the phone and the 1 question no one answered is the size of sim which i was very concerned about but i must say it works with the normal sim card not the micro sim so it was a gr8 buy for me.
great phone i love it, thanks so much : ) i will buy more mobiles later for my sister an family
its Good and Awesome SmartPhone... Very Very Beautifull and Android Phone New... I Love this Phone Realy Good . :)
I recommend this cellphone to people who likes advanced technology devices.I enjoy each of the apps that it has predownloaded and I was able to dowload other apps which I really like to customize my phone.It is the best phone I have ever had; and the price was very nice.
fine thanks
fast delivery, works perfectly even after leaving it by accident on the rain over night... recommended for travelers...
Excellent!
works well so far, no english manual came with it. very happy. contacts list may need some work. didn't receive the ear piece with it
Excelent
SUPER
all perfect
excellent
Very good.
perfect
good... thanks
excellent, as is that offered by the seller
WORKS GREAT NO COMPLAINTS!!
Good
very good congratulations
simple, affordable phone, could use more memory
bueno
excelente
excellent product
GREAT PHONE FOR PRICE
nice phone. easy to grab. like it.
Great phone so far... I'm quite pleased
Very good
as it is described by the seller, the product is excellent
excellent.
good!!
Great in general. But ram is lower than samsung galaxy legend
Nice phone!!!
excellent product I loved
At first I did not like it because I did know how to use it. Now I am enjoying.
Samsung has lived up to there standard giving great service.
good
This is a great phone at 125$ price.* 5 Mega pixel camera with flash and geo-tagging* Compass, GPS, Radio, and Wi-Fi* And access to the huge pool of Google PlayIt has pretty much all the features offered by Galaxy S4 but is 200$ cheaper. Here is a comparison:http://www.gsmarena.com/compare.php3?idPhone1=5876&idPhone2=5125
Genial
Great phone!
good
good
So far so good
Muy buen teléfono, cumple con mis expectativas, todo llegó muy bien. Agradecido amigo.
just a brief review.I bought this phone to replace my galaxy ace. i have a note 2 as well but i use that when I travel for the bigger screen and for emails, viewing remote cameras, videos etc. I find it is too big to be used as an everyday phone so I had the ace which would be my daily user. I use my phone a LOT. for voice as well as messaging. I needed something cost effective but fast enough for me when I switch back and forth from carriers, make calls one after the other, switch from different messaging platforms etc. as well as the occasional browsing on this phone.this phone was a little longer than the ace but about the same width and thikness. it is faster, has a dual sim option which is very well integrated and has quite a bit of features that i have on the note 2 but didn't have on the ace.it was definitely a worthwhile purchase for me in terms of cost and functionality. It actually seems to have a better resolution than the note 2 but i haven't compared actual resolutions. a lot of quick buttons on the notification bar, which are customizeable, good enough camera, good bluetooth etc.good phone overall.
no tiene suficiente memoria
never knew that a phone can work so good, I have a good investment and hope that it last the way
Speakers are not the best but considering the price I paid for it is excellent
I love it, not so expensive and works well like all galaxy's.....front camera isnt amazing that's the only flaw, but over all its amazing......Im getting my sis to purchase one ...so luv amazon.
Nice phone, working fine and the dual sim is a plus. Good price also for the specs on this phone.
The phone is exactly what is advertised. It is a good phone that is easy to use. I put Skype and Viber on it and have been using it regularly.
I bought this phone for my son and he likes it,graphics is good ,we will recommend this to anyone trying to buy this phone.
It is very good product sadly lacking in some wine accessories such as charger and headphones, but like the seller was very responsible to recognize the ball and refund the price of the accessories missing, we recommend for future transactions!
The phone performance is as advertised.Cheap but useful. It is a good phone if you are into using a phone for calling and answering.Has some features with basic capabilities.
The phone came as advertised (unlocked); it was easy to set up an account with T-Mobile. Fast shipping. Plenty of nice features for a beginner smart phone user.
excelente equipo, desbloqueado, todo perfecto. recomendado
excelente equipo, desbloqueado, todo perfecto. recomendado
Excelente!
excelent performance i highly recomend it.it's a plus. i'm really happy with the store's service. definitely a pro
Excellent smartphone, brand new, with all accessories in perfect condition and phone, I've used a couple of months and so far so good. Good care of the seller;it's has warranty for 1 year of Samsung, and work in Venezuela
FAST SHIPPING, GREAT PHONE!!
muy buena
Love it.
very good phone.
Works just as specified. Great product for dual sim management.
Great phone for the price. Easy to set up and use.
Recommended very good seller
No complain so far, i would highly recommend it to any potential buyer.
Excellent phone
excellent, perfecto
excelente
GOOD
buen producto
The phone works well, and should work overseas with the 2nd SIM card slot. The biggest challenge is that the Samsung, Android, and Straight Talk sites don't seem to know about this model. I think it must be "foreign". The cell reception at my house is poor, so I am only connected part of the time. My wife's feature phone is always connected. I think it must be a difference in the antenna.
I like very much.
I bought this twice , it works perfect in Argentina :-)
I ordered two of these phones, one for me, one for my wife. Both came quickly in original Samsung packaging. The chargers had round tip to flat tip plug converters, so they could be used in Europe or America.Everything worked as stated in the reviews. Phones connected quickly to home wifi and to phone service carrier (P-Tel). Call and text quality were good. I haven't used the dual sim feature yet, but I don't foresee any problems. Camera, radio, and video worked well.The phone had a default APN with T-Mobile. Just be sure to delete the T-Mobile APN data if they aren't your carrier, and enter the data from your carrier. Your carrier can help with this, or you can just Google it--it's not difficult. Failure to save the correct APN data could result in problems texting and sending photos, etc. P-Tel has excellent instructions for its customers on how to do this. I'm very pleased with P-Tel on the whole, and suggest that you look into them if you're thinking about changing carriers.Be sure to check what transmission bands are used by your carrier if 3G and/or 4G data is important to you. P-Tel only supports 2G data on this phone which was not an issue for me, but would definitely be important to someone else. Looks like 3G would be supported in Europe.All in all, this is a well designed friendly phone with all important smart phone features at a very reasonable price.
excellent, the seller recommends
excelente
Gata love samsungs!
excelente producto
excelente producto
very nice!!!!
excellent
Excelente
very good!!
Estoy satisfecha con el producto, me funciona bien para mis necesidades.
Estoy satisfecha con el producto, me funciona bien para mis necesidades.
excelente
excelente
Love this phone so much I bought it twice! 1st time I paid around 300 bucks.. for this price you really cant beat it. Now I'm patiently waiting it's arrival :)
a simple but modern device to be used by anyone
thank you
so far so good
Easy to use, No problem at all. camera can be better.
Exactly what I ordered and the price was great!!!
Very Good
Item arrived very fast. I did not want to write a review after I used my new cell for a little while, almost 3 months.This cell replace my older Samsung and I keeping stick with the brand. Since this is capable for two sim card it works perfectly. It is very powerful and works very fast with wifi and mobile data. The cam is perfect I took very nice pics which can I save into my 32Gb external Sd card. Awesome !!
excellent product, punctual delivery
Good starter phone for someone new to smart phones.
This is an unlocked dual SIM Samsung phone with modest internal memory.The micro SD is blocked for anything other than music, photos, or video.Topological maps use internal memory which limits GPS use in non-covered data areas;Samsung's map block doesn't make sense.International use GSM is intended, but limited GSM coverage is available domestically.The dual SIM allows for less expensive single country as well as international use.
Middle quality
Excellent product, works fine
i love it. It Works beautifully in Mexico with both SIM.
bought for someone and is so far impressed with the phone considering the price
excelent
Excelente.
for a friend
Bought for mumsShe is satisfied
Great phone
nice deal
excelente lo recomiendo
EXCELLENT PRODUCT, THE DEALER MEETS THE TIME OF DELIVERY. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
excellent product, I'm very happy and satisfied. I recommend this seller to the community amazon
Nice phone really got what I bargained for!!!!!!! Works fine in the caribbean roo
TREMENDO CEL
very good phone. easy to work with. I would recommend it.
excellent product
Perfect, its use is for Venezuela
Very good..
excellent product, prompt delivery
Good
excellent
very good
Excelente
Excellet! My granddaughter is very happy with it!
as expected , Just perfect
muy bueno
Bueno
Excelente
Excelente
tremendo producto ala hora de elegir un teléfono inteligente muy bueno lo recomiendo y el trato del vendedor excelente
Buen vendedor
Excelente
gooood
100% Confiable... Recomendable!!!
Great phone I am using it now. The shipping was fast and in original box would definitely order from them again.
Nice and neat product. I placed a T-Mobile Sim card and it started working nicely.. So far I am very happy with this phone. I hope will last longer than my last Samsung Captivate (lasted 2 months) before going crazy. (the phone of course).I am still configuring all the apps and haven't tried 3G yet. I'll post when done.When I plugged it in on my USB port, it inmediatly, through KIES, did an automatic software update and it was done perfectly.So far, very happy with this phone.
What can I Say about a Samsung mobile phone? Do I really need to say something? lol Works really good
I give this a five star because it is serving the purpose I bought it for.I just could not deal with two phones.
Overall, this is turning out to be a good phone for my needs as I travel internationally and it's great to carry only one phone, it is compact, and voice quality is great. There have been some downsides, however, starting with not being able to download Samsung's Smart Switch app from the Play store in order to transfer all my device contents from my old Samsung Galaxy SII to this device. It's not even listed as a viable app for the phone (is it not recognized as a Galaxy?). This is very annoying. Secondly, there are no accessories available for this phone on the internet or in U.S. stores, so I was unable to find a case or screen protectors before leaving the country, nor was I able to use any of my existing Galaxy cases due to the big difference in size. Finally, I had problems when I put in the second SIM card when out of the U.S. and found I could not rely on the local Samsung authorized dealer to assist with the problem. In the U.S., my experience has been that such stores are staffed by tech savvy individuals who have been trained on each of the phones they're selling, but this was not my experience outside of the country even though the phone IS sold in the country where I sought support. I didn't have a working phone and no internet connectivity, so I could not call tech support, and was therefore left to my own devices to figure out the issue. I finally got the reluctant SIM card provider to give me another card to try although they also thought it was the phone's hardware. This resolved the issue, thankfully, but it was a very rocky start to using my new phone.
Received in good order and am very satisfied in the functioning of the phone. The size of the screen is also in the mid range. Not too big or too small. It works as I expected
It was good experience the phone is as described very good quality and the price was very good and the very good part is the shipping i got this phone in two days for free with the prime subscription it is worse it
I bought it as a gift. I received it on time and asked AT&T store to check it.It seems everything is fine and my friend will be happy. ;-)Thank you so much
Excelente
Excellent product, very good phone and arrived in perfect condition
Not sure if it is completely new. But still works find after 2 months.
Good Night,This is to let you know my line, and I appreciate all your effort every day to better serveregards
We are very pleased with the price, features and performance of this smartphone. We appreciate the dual SIM feature. Nice smartphone for our travels and daily use back home.
ok
all right. recommend !!!
perfect condition but could be more embalado.estoy compliant.! thank you very much.
good phone
VERY WELL
I LOVE
excellent, I highly recommend it. serious. excellent product
excelente
The phone did not recognize my sim cards immediately. I contacted the seller who reassured me that the phone was indeed factory unlocked. I kept trying and after DAY THREE is when it recognized them. Also the charger came without the the adaptor. It's always so hard for me to purchase electronics online, but the phone works now however the charge runs down by midday every day. I have to keep it constantly charged. Never read abt this when doing my research
Delivery on time to forwarder in Miami.Travel to Venezuela without troubles, it took one month to arrive.Cellphone was in perfect conditions and once I changed the sim cardfrom my BB Curve to the Samsung Galaxy S DUOS, the last started to work immediately.There is no Verizon in Venezuela but several other operators.Eventually I went to my operator to ask them to change in the systemthat now I use a Galaxy / Android instead of the old Black Berry.After that I got full data exchange service as with BB.
Had some trouble to make both SIM cards work, but was a seating problem. Had to gently adjust the metal holder.Since then, the phone works fine.
Excelent
It's perfect, reliable and kinda fast even though it's running on 3G. I'm using a Simple Mobile sim & a Digicel sim on it never have a problem with it so far. I strongly recommend it to anyone who need & want a nice not too expensive dual sim phone. It's a perfect gift for yourself, a love one or a friend.
excellent
Muy bueno lo recomiendo.
This is a good phone for the price. the battery dose not say charged as long as I would like but still this is a great deal.
Nice product. Works well on AT&T Chicago area. However in Wisconsin tells me is not registered in the network!!! Good product overall
GREAT PRODUCT
Received in good order, sealed package, arrived on time.I needed a smart phone that would take dual SIMs and I didn't want to spend a big amount of moneyon it. Phone performance is average, this is not a Samsung Galaxy S3 or S4 therefore its performance is below the mark.If you need a phone for travel, this is the one to get.
phone responds slowly
100% recommended
Muy buenos
as expected
Excelente
An excellent movil phone.
LOVE IT....I HAVE T-MOVIL AND WORK PERFECT.
Good smartphone for the price. Having trouble setting it up to create a Wi-Fi hotspot. No major issues though.
Personally, I really liked the phone, my mom is hard to learn this technology, but I know he will come to love this phone.
Frist time user of a smart phone and they loved it very much easy to use and product came on time
It's very slow but works
Wow I really like this phone. It arrived a little late but it's brand new and its works perfectly.
Excellent, it is recommended to the community. Lucky for future operations.
muy bueno
good buy but it need some more memory though.
Good phone and worth it,I recommend it,very good price..
excelente
Phone came almost a week early and was just as described, new in package. Thanks for a speedy delivery!
muy bueno
Excellent...
nice phone - easy to use
Great article!
Small, works well and easy to use. Works on T-Mobile!
Nice phone simple and precise
I got two phones to use in Albania. My parents love it, they are on it non stop. Easy to use for a 60 year old person :)
I used this one in VENEZUELA and it woks perfectly
This phone met all the criterias that I wanted. Both sims work fine. Great phone.
Great Price Phone operates like samsung usually does. Great.
Buenisimo
Very good
Good phone
Good product and cheap
Very good
EXCELENTE!
excelente .
exelentes
Excellent product.
SIMPLY SUPERB
ok
excellent
PERFECTO
This a really nice phone I bought it for my dad and he really loves it.
Excellent
Product came well packaged and as described. There were no problems with this seller or the product.
It IS a great phone
Received on time, brand new in factory sealed box. Works as indicated. Got it for a family member, it has OS 4.2 which is very good and works great for someone who is new to smart phones and also has a quick set user interface for beginners.
I recommend , very good seller .
2 chips different companies, easy to my old man
Nice phone but unlike the white phone from a different supplier, this one did not include the simple USA power converter for the European charger.
Full feature phone; nice fit.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .. EXCELLENT PRODUCT
product in perfect condition and good quality
Good cellphone I you can buy it
It took me one year before I thought I could effectively review this phone.I am in the military and stationed in South Korea. I needed an unlocked international smart phone that could do all that I needed it to and do it quickly.After using this phone for a year, I can say with assurance that I really like this phone. However, notice I didn't say that I really LOVE this phone. I am 100% an iPhone user. I love Apple technology, their friendly user interface, and the reliability of their IOS software.Apart from that, this phone offers a good intro to the Droid world. The operating system is sufficiently quick enough to multitask. The response is snappy and nearly immediate. The dual sim card slots make loading the control cards quick and painless. When 2 sim cards are installed, the phone automatically partitions all of your work in either system.The phone feels exceptionally comfortable in your hand. I had a grippy tactile case around the phone which was made for the Galaxy S Duos II but I found that it interfered with the touch screen, so off it went. I improved the performance of this phone and its modest RAM capacity with a little app called Greenify, which is designed to hibernate apps that run in the background and leach battery power and also burn up RAM. With that app alone, the phone responded better, quicker, and more reliably. Good choice for this phone!Call quality is every bit as exceptional as an iPhone. The volume control has a wide range and can accommodate many environmental conditions (like the flightline where I work). Colors on the display are sharp and distinct and the touch feature is accurate.Battery life is a little iffy at times. If used throughout the day, you might get 10 hours of life. If used more, it could easily drop to 6 as it frequently does for me. Although recharging is fairly rapid (takes about 90 minutes to charge fully) it is not always possible to charge the phone in certain locations.A very good phone for the price. I highly recommend the phone for all smart phone users who don't utilize a lot of apps in their life.
Very good cell by price.
Got this for my mom she hasn't complain about it so thats a good thing
EXCELENTE
very good cellphone
excelente
Excellent
My sister is enjoying the freedom. Thanks
excelente
excellent phone- no bells and whistles- but practical and efficient
Excelente!
love it
very good
cool
Great!
I had bought one of these phones about a year ago in India for use there. After returning to the USA I was able to use it here without problem after inserting the sim card from my Consumer Cellular phone into this phone and changing some settings. Being happy with its performance I recently bought another one for my wife from Amazon here in the USA. That one is also working great after using the sim card from her Consumer Cellular phone. I had a little problem setting up the second one but the Consumer Cellular technical assistants helped me do the settings correctly. We are now taking these phones with us for our vacation to New Zealand. We are expecting that we should be able to use them there with locally purchased sim cards. I shall try to make another post in case I face any problems.
muy bueno mu bien
PERFECT
excellent product recommend
exelente
BUENO
I needed a cheap unlocked phone for international travel. This fit the bill perfectly.
very nice
excellent phone, and excellent seller
I bought this phone for my wife, and she is absolutely happy with the phone. It has all applications she needs. She uses this phone with H2O wireless and there were no problems to get connected to network.
Good phone... meet expectatives.
great phone
Very good
good producto
Excelente
I love the phone as it has all the features I was looking for but with one exception. I thought I was buying one with a large screen and the keypad are too close so that sometimes when I try to type I was always have to check because I end up pressing a different key. Other than that I think the phone is beautifully crafted, light and very user friendly.
Great phone
Ok
EXELENTE
Quick efficient ship would recommend.
good phone does the job great for beginners getting into the smartphones
My old Tmobile (southern California) phone (ZTE Concord) had problems finding the network and I was ready to upgrade. This unlocked GSM phone is just what I was looking for. What was in the box: Factory sealed box, Model is GT-S7580; new, included phone, EU charger (2 round pins) with US adapter (2 flat vertical pins); Samsung headphone with mic and volume control; USB/nicro USB cable, battery, getting started booklet, warranty booklet from Africa; no SIM card. Note; this is a smaller-format smartphone, same size as the original iPhone. I put my Tmobile SIM card into the phone (there are two SIM slots, the top one is SIM 1, the lower one is SIM 2), charged the battery, and when I turned it on, it connected to the Tmobile network just like that. Typical Android version 4 features and set up. TIP: If you're going to use the SD card from your old phone, export your contacts to the SD card before putting it in your new phone; worked great for me; can also be done exporting your contacts to the SIM card (up to 250) but I didn't try that. TIP: Download the manual on-line if you want all the goods on this phone.I'm using only the WiFi internet connection (cheaper) and it works great; haven't tried the mobile data connection except for the initial firmware and software updates when you first turn the phone on, they defaulted to the mobile data connection (I've since turned that off).There are several sellers for this phone, mine was from SHOPEBEST. Great service, ordered on Friday, arrived Sunday with free shipping. Warranty - label on box says 24 months but booklet only lists African countries; this is listed as an international phone, I guess that's what this means. I am assuming no no US warranty, but no biggie. Overall five star service.Bottom line: Incredibly happy with this phone, works great on the Tmobile network in US. Now if I could only get the default weather widget (accu-weather) to show the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit.
The phone is exactly what is advertised. It is a good phone that is easy to use. I put Skype and Whatsapp on it and have been using it regularly. I live in Dominican Rep. and work with Orange and Claro. The SD card is no included.
Great phone
Excelente
GOOD
DISCULPE
Excellent product 100% recommended very good thanks for all your kind attention to quality
Excellent!
excelente
excelente
fine
2 problems to report. 1st is that the button at the bottom of mine has some flaking and is now two tone due to the flaking. 2nd problem is my phone stopped working recently and I had to remove the battery to restart it. Once restarted it worked fine. Otherwise it works good and the audio clarity is quite good.
excellent, all well
excelente
IT WAS OK WORK FIND.
works great here in Jamaica. Came unlocked.
This phone handles all my requirement. Such a deal for the price!
perfecto
very good
perfecto
Item delivered on time, was as described. Used it in abroad cell phone carrier without any issue.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT ARRIVED IN THE ESTIMATED TIME AND WELL PACKED SO I RECOMMEND
Very good!
ecxelente producto!!!
i get this in USA and it is work good in Hungary
Excelente
I loved it
excellent product and fast delivery i recommed 100%
Fine don't trouble
VERY GOOD
Affordable price for a very good phone
I finally found the right combination of phone and tablet.
Excelente producto
THE PERFECT GIFT
good!
excelente
working perfectly
Excelentes productos 100% recomendados
Another satisfied customer !. The product of very good quality. Thank You
very good
Execelent product
excelente
exactly what I ask for , delivered on time , a good quality product and seller was careful to wrap it nicely
i love it, samsung galaxy duos definitely is better than S4, S3 galaxy mini , has flash the pictures are pretty good enough, and has the plus: double sim card!This makes this phone better than his brother the mini s3, finally the price it is still lower than the minis3
Excelente
very good
excellent
very good phone and nice seller.
Excellent
nice
good
Love this phone
Excellent, Item delivered on time, was as described. A little slow but I can live with that.
Excellent!!! Arrive on time and I was really happybecause it was a gift for my mother in law!!! Jajajajaja
great phone
Works well. Just a bit slow
As expected. The phone is just right for me . Reasonable pricing
This mobile is exactly what I was looking for after my Mobistel dualsim quit it's job. Battery life is more than a week when wlan is turned off! Why "only" 4 stars? Well, there is always room for improovement..........Great phone for a reasonable price. If you watch a lot of video or surf a lot you might choose the next larger size. Downside, it's almost the double in price.
If you are looking for affordable but feature packed phone that is not only unlocked but can handle two sim cards this Samsung Galaxy S Duos II does the trick. After testing it for a month it has been rock solid. I travel allot and the dual sim card ability comes in very handy and so far has accepted various pre paid sims that i have put into it. Basic to mid level App and Games work smoothly. Video plays smoothly and pictures are very clear. Why better than the Y Duos I had before.Pro's: Great Price, Dual Sim, UnlockedCon's: None
Excelent Phone
VERY WELL
Good.
Lot of features very good
peor imposible
Excelente
Good quality.satisfied.
Great phone. I was relieved when I inserted a phone chip upon arriving in Belize and it worked beautifully.
Wow the camera in this phone is so good and the voice is co clear you will not be desappointed
excelente producto recomendado
so far i am still using this good phone no problem, thanks
excelente
excelente producto. venezuela
very good. i love it
Does all it is claimed to do. Internal memory is small at 4MB but this is clearly stated. Surprised to find that many applications cannot be moved to the SD card that I installed to augment the internal memory. Therefore would not be suitable for anyone who wants to install a lot of applications
this is a very good celphone, it works excellent in venezuela, funciona excelente con todas las operadoras en venezuela.
Bought it for a giftAnd love it
excelente
muy bien
Excellent recommend
Great phone
muy bueno
Efficient and great price. It is smaller than I expected it to be, but it is perfect for my needs: I am planning on traveling to two european countries this summer and I will get two sim cards. I already put one card on (Spain's) and it works perfect. It may not take the best pictures with the secondary camera, but it will get the job done in an emergency. :)It also has gps, and hot-spot wifi, which I was very interested in getting just in case the need arises.Other reviewers have mentioned that the memory is pretty low. I purchased an 8GB SD Card and now it has more memory for music and pictures.Mine came with the US plug charger, and earphones. The instructions though are in a different language, except the very basic ones that come in English as well.
muy bueno
Great phone! Easy to carry and good battery.
battery do not last too long but, I like it
excelente producto
I received it very soon in perfect condictions.
Excelente telefonooo
excellent
great for international travel instead of using international roaming.
Haven't activated it yet but so far its great
execelente producto, me llegaron en buen estado
serious and recommended
EXCELENTE PROVEEDOR, EL PRODUCTO LLEGO A TIEMPO. ES COMPATIBLE EN VENEZUELA. LO RECOMIENDO.
exelente
Very nice phone. Only problem I find is it tends to be very slow, takes forever to load. Otherwise fits my swag perfectly. The dual sim is a plus! Enjoys the benefits of both networks. Bought one for my friend and we are both enjoying them.
i like it
Great item!!
Excellent Team, is what I expected
cool
Great phone- arrived as expected- worked with US SIM card straight away. Since then taken to the UK- transferred number to this phone using a UK SIM- worked perfectly. Recommended.
Very Good
Excelent
Good phone
it works great
Phone is very nice, works perfect for the price really good, very pleased
Very Good.
100% recomended
mommy loves it!!!
good cell phone es very beautifull nice
Good product, I highly recommend it ....
thanks great piece
excelente
excellent product and very good seller
All right, the cell was expected. works in Venezuela. They are 100% original. seller recommend to future operations.
All right, the cell was expected. works in Venezuela. They are 100% original. seller recommend to future operations.
Very nice phone..
So far this phone seems excellent for the price. It was new and in the box. The battery needed to be put in and the back cover pops off easily, but it does seem flimsy. My smart phone experience is all with iPhones and this cannot compete, but I bought it to have an unlocked phone for foreign sim cards when we travel and it will serve the purpose well. Do not have the sim card yet, but even without it was able to charge the battery and set up the phone using wifi, create a Samsung account, update the software which was not the latest version and add my own email account. The charger plug is European with an American adapter included. It also comes with a USB to micro cord which worked fine with my iPhone plugs.Update: I went to the samsung.com website to download the full user manual and could not find it. After a lot of effort, I discovered the problem. The phone is manufactured to be sold in Africa. (Which I would have known if I had read the warranty information that came in the box.) The manual is accessible on the www.samsung.com/africa_en. The warranty documents suggest the warranty would only be valid in Africa.
Am enjoy in the phone so far
GREAT!!
fine
muy bien
Exelente
GOOD
EXCELLENT
all went well, they have my recommendation.
Excelente
the best product ever
OK, so this is my first smartphone, and my needs are simple. Phone, web access, email. Nothing special or elaborate. And the phone works great. I specifically wanted a small phone to fix my little hands, and this is just perfect. Yes, the keypad is a little tight, but I've learned to deal with it, and the word prediction is fabulous.My cellphone service provider had to help me set up the connectivity, as it is an unlocked phone so the settings weren't pre-entered, and it's worked well since then. I'm thrilled that the dual SIM works, as I love being able to use the phone throughout Europe without removing my US SIM card and trying not to lose it. It seems fast and responsive to me, although the paper manual did NOT tell me how to answer the phone which I found extremely frustrating... then of course I found the answer on the Web.The Manual that I found amongst the apps was really helpful, and it would've been nice if the useless paper manual had pointed me to it. (I certainly couldn't find a manual at Samsung's website which surprised me no end.) I had learned how to deal with the wonders of Android when I bought my tablet 2 years ago, which made this whole experience a bit easier than it would've been otherwise. It's ability to scan and connect to wifi is wonderful, and it frequently points me to open wifi sites I'd be otherwise unaware of. On the whole, I couldn't be happier with this purchase, particularly for the price.
hello, this came to me as I expected perfect recommend this item and this shop. will apologize for my English is not good
De acuerdo con lo ofrecido por vendedor, tiempo de entrega lo ofrecido, muy bien, lo recomiento
Slower processing but nice value for money spent. was a birthday gift to wife and she is liking it. All necessary things (WiFi, Camera, apps etc.) are working fine.Surely recommend the product and seller both.
Excelent
It is awesome.
excellent !!!! arrived on time and works great
confiable
Exellent phone and not expensif. Take nice picture. Perfdct for my use.
Very good simple smartphone.
I am totally happy
We got this phone for use in Europe with an international SIM card. The phone worked great with the SIM card and we were able to receive calls everyone in Europe. It has the quad frequency required by most countries. Call clarity was good and the camera takes good pictures. It has many apps already installed - most of them are nice to have but not necessary. We did not use data much in Europe as we were on a cruise and spent time in London using Tube and Bus. Everything is pretty well marked so GPS and other nice apps were not required. The phone has many options and you can make it a secure as you desire. It is small enough to fit snugly is most any pocket. I was concerned about the size because of some previous comments. I found it large enough to use with my big hands but yet compact enough to secure it against possible theft. I also have to say it worked very well with my hearing aid - something that not all phones do well. I am very happy with the phone and plan to use it when we travel later this year. We also use it to call Sri Lanka from the US because the call quality is great and the rates with our SIM are better than our local phone or our US cell phone with ATT.
I bought this smartphone for a gift to a beloved family member, and I must say it's amazing in many aspects. It's reliable, I get surprised that came with Android 4.2.2.It really works fine with both Simcards, the web browsing is smooth in 3G. The performance is excellent and the screen size is perfect for most applications.The phone also came with earphones an international charger and a usb cable. I am very pleased with this phone and I highly recommended it (for a gift or for personal use).
Very pleased. Factory sealed, new, unopened,specs as described, factory unlocked. Bought it based on Samsung reputation and dual SIM capability for US and European travel. Supplier kept all commitments in timely manner
There is nothing I dislike about the phone. Its a very good thing, and the price is great too. Strongly recommended for those with weaker pockets
Very good product, but most of the quality of the product the attention of the salesman, I had a comunicoque and me with them and solve me almost immediately. I recommend you for future operations!
Great phone for the cost, have been using it for about a month and no problems so far. I dont game or use it for music ... only issue is finding case for it.
Very good for the price. No complain. Good size. Good respond. Good sounds. Pictures nice. Excellent choice a reasonable price
nice phone for the price, bought it for my daughter and she loves it. I may get another on one.
This Samsung Galaxy S Duos II S7582 was a GREAT choice and I am very happy with it.I needed a Dual SIM Phone for my daughter while she is traveling across multiple continents, so I can stay in contact with her, and she can use a local pre-paid SIM card. I only had the phone a few days before sending it out again, so this review is limited to that. She had a GT-S7562 and was happy with it until it was stolen out of her hand in India (Travelers Beware!)Helpful info:Came with Android 4.2, the phone updated to 4.2.2 as soon as I connected it to the internet.This phone has slots for two of the larger SIM cards – not the mini-SIM.My US carrier's SIM card (AT&T) plugged in and worked fine for both Voice and Data. Phone calls and voice quality worked fine. I did not test the data speed on AT&T but it seemed fine. Google Maps worked great using GPS and AT&T data.This is the same size as the Galaxy Mini phones – it just has dual SIM slots.This phone came in a small, factory sealed, Samsung box with: the Phone, plastic back, battery (1500mAh), USB-A to Mini-USB cable (18 inch?), “In ear” style earphones with microphone, and an EU plug wall charger.Pros:Unlocked from Samsung, designed for international use – so it should work with most any WMA/SIM carrier in the world.Great size for travel. Big enough for the Android experience - slightly larger screen than an iPhone but not nearly the size of the more expensive 5 inch phones.Great screen, very easy to read and worked well even in sunlight.Phone worked great. Very responsive. First power up screen asked for the language with a LOT of choices. WiFi connected first time. AT&T SIM card worked first time.Price – paid 158USD with free overnight shipping from Prime.Cons:Battery life - Though I did not get much of a chance to test this phone, all Android phones (smart phones in general??) seem to lose their charge in less than a day. Plan for it.Only 4GB internal Flash.Minor: Wall Charger is an EU Plug. But I have many US Chargers and it is an international phone...I suggest ordering/having the following for this phone:1) Case – I got the 7USD Amzer AMZ95155 TPU case and it works fine for basic protection.2) Micro-SD card – the phone had over 1.5GB available, but for travel (taking pictures, storing music/video) I got the SanDisk SDSDQU-016G-AFFP-A 16GB Micro-SD card for 13USD.3) Additional Battery or portable USB charger.4) International AC Adapter, or Micro-USB power source for charging.Over all I highly recommend this phone and I would buy another one if needed.One last note: This order was fulfilled by Amazon Prime and the seller was “aSavings” – Kudos to Amazon and aSavings for a perfect transaction.
For the price it's all u need. It does everything that i need. If u need more get a tablet, but for a phone it's more then enough for me.
Just got this and so far it's running smoothly and I was surprised to see that the operating system is actually 4.2.2 Jellybean. This is very comparable and cheaper alternative to the S4. The phone came with earphones an international charger and a usb cable. I am very pleased with this phone I highly recommended it.
It has everything you need to be connected at a low cost. Definitely it is a good buy... and ole!
the best phone !!
Just perfect. Samsung allways is excellent. A very good cellphone, fair, simple but modern, perfect size with great apps and easy to handle. I recommend you buy it, everything perfect.
Bought this phone. I liked every thing except the data download speed was very slow and eventually stopped. Contacted the seller a couple of times with no response from their side. After posting a bad review, they contacted me and refunded the full amount of my purchase price even after over a month having the phone in my position. I am satisfied.
Excellent phone. Responds very fast to inputs.
bien
it`s a great phone, very confortable, two line in one movil with android system!!!
I love my Samsung Galaxy :))
Samsung always the BEST, for a price this smart phone is very good all the features are excellent!!!
Brought this for my 13 year old son for Christmas...he hasn't complained yet and he is a TECHIE
When I got this phone, the first problem was that it was in a different language so I had a hard time changing it to English. Other then that problem, the phone was very helpful when I travelled abroad and I didn't have any other problems whatsoever.
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO...
WORKS QUITE WELL, A BIT SLOW BUT WILL COME THROUGH
My wife loves it!!
good
five stars!
Excellent phone, relatively cheap and all the functions you can need.
I've grown to really appreciate this phone. Small drawback is that it keeps running out of memory but it maybe just a matter of removing some programs that were installed and disabling others I really don't need.However, I highly recommend it and have done so to many friends who have had excellent experiences with it and are simply wowed by the features.
EXCELENTE
Excelente
I really like the Samsung Galaxy S Duos, it's my first Samsung! It works great, I use both SIM cards with it and haven't had any problems with it
Too bad that dropbox+samsung space deal has ended. The cellphone works like a charm, nice speed and a plethora of applications. recommended.
excelente
Hi I was just wondering if anyone knows how I can make this into a prepaid phone. I tried to activate this phone with the straight talk activation kit & they said it wasn't compatible. Does anyone know what the carrier is for this phone so I can get it activated?
Great phone. I use it specially for travel. I buy a local sim card and use it as a GPS speciallyDo not hesitate to buy it. I use iphone but I love this one too.
Excelent Product
Excelente
I have made several purchases in relation to this phoneI recommendandroid operating system hasmay be put up to 16GB memoryit is fastcomfortableuser friendly
Samsung Galaxy S 2 DuosThe Samsung Galaxy S 2 is a simple Duos Android smartphone with dual SIM support with 4-inch screen at 480 x 800 pixels, 5 megapixel camera, dual-core processor at 1.2GHz, 768MB of RAM, 4GB of internal storage and Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.easy access, connection through wifi and 3g up
I like the item
thanks!! i lov it
muy buen producto
phone excellent buy for use in Venezuela with Movistar 3g perfect recommend
Good
I am very impressed with this phone. It is much better than I expected.Although it does not run the latest version of Android, it has most of the functionality of a smart phone, at a fraction of the price of the latest models.It is a dual SIM card model, and I have one SIM card for US, and another for Europe.At home, I use it with my wifi.
This is the right size phone for my needs. The screen size is perfect for my needs, weight is right and the dual SIM slots is a plus. The camera take decent pictures. Love this phone.
Very good phone, worth for the money.all good features. very good gift for my uncle. he liked it.
good
Excellent
excelent
excellent
Very good. As I expected.
Excellent!
Excellent
excelente
i loved this item
GOOD
very good
thank you
Full bien,,,,,,,,,
good
The item came on time and as prescribed!
Amazing, I love it!
A good phone. My wife is enjoying it. Some issues with it. The hot spot feature does not work.
This is an ass-kicking bit of kit. I love it. Just the right size, and looks and feels the part. The Dual-SIM is a great thing. Don't hesitate ... buy one! :)
perfect
excellent
So far they are great, my husband and granddaughter have really been enjoying their new phones.
Got this one for my son and we were able to drop in the T-Mobile card and go, a most later he is still very happy with it.
Perfect... thanks
Excellent phone. Bought it for my wife and she loves it.
Just what was needed.
ok
The picture quality is outstanding. The phones works great. The only problem I might have is with RAM space, its only a little over 500mb
Exvelente
Great phone. I like it because it can be used on different countries
exelente
This phone is awsome.
Excellent product
excellent quality productp all well received in Venezuela
Perfect phone if you are traveling..you can always add a new sim card.
I sent this smartphone to my sister in law in Africa. She is happy with it. Works real good. Thank you.
Thanks
Nice phone
This Samsung replaces my IPhone which went for a swim in salt water after I fell off the back of the boat while fishing. Personally I like the Samsung better than the IPhone.Art
Excelente
Excellent cell phone, works without problem, just as expected.
excelente muchas gracias
Excellent product, charm me the phone, just that the time was too. I had to wait about four months to receive the product.
excellent service, would recommend
Excelent!!!
Phone is what I was looking for. I'm a happy buyer
Great phone I love it
Great phone, is so complete. And useful
exelente
I absolutely love it!! It is very good looking. It is very fast. It has a very good battery.
Great cheap phone
Great phone
Small but very handy.
I use this phone when I'm overseas... Great phone, good camera, no disappointments!
good
very good
Very Good Product
It's a good phone but did not last long. Just fell and got damaged. Have no warranty.
Excellent
Excellent
Great phone. I took it overseas for a family member, it was unlocked and works great.
Muy bueno
delivered as promised, phoe's in great condition. I'm satisfied
Good
beautifull, excellent, low price
my son loves it, excellent smart phone
Excelente
Excelente
Una maravilla.
So far a great phone.
Its good phone I like it
very good
Exelente
very good
Excellent
excelente
I love it so far. The phone's sound is clear to the ears. Pictures are good. Wi fi is great.I would recommend to friends. Thank you Samsung
I love it. Works great. Took a while until I got my provider to help program it properly but now it is fine
Excellent product
bienn
very good product
very good
great phone, my daughter's gift and she is loving it
I live in U.S. I received a unit with European charger. Somewhat disappointed over the charger. But, the phone is nice. Trouble-free.
chevere
RELIABLE . 100% RECOMMENDED
Easy to use
excellent, very good
Bought this to use when traveling internationally .. Works well and is a great travel phone .. Pop in a local sim and your good to go
excelente
Nice phone.
The 4g worked in Vegas, just no luck with it here in San Diego at my house. The cell reception in my 'hood kinda sucks, so no surprise. It rivals my 4th gen Ipod, and with a 32gig micro SD card it has more storage. I'm grandfathered into VM's $25 a month unlimited everything plan and have had zero issues with them. Except their insurance is a total rip off.
Great phone! I was super happy because I thought I would only be one version behind... The following day, the commercial for the S4 premiers! No joke! Now I'm 2 versions behind. Oh well!It's still a great phone! I dropped it, and I almost had a heart attack.
came in package; easy to set up; the battery seems to burn quickly when playing games; but the quality of the calls is crystal clear. I have had virgin mobile phones for 10 years, this is one of the better phones i've had, easy to navigate functions, very happy with my purchase!
Well its not a amazing phone by todays standards but if you were in my position of having a 3 or 4 years old blackberry of course its a great phone but put against the phone I really want the note 2 but gets a little above the job done for me. I for one does not like contract phones and plus I won't use all my phones features to the max but I do like having them in case I would need to use themThe display for me just isn't that great from what I see on my galaxy note 10.1(tablet) or ipod 4th gen plus when Im on youtube I can only go in HQ instead of HD but the video quality on YT I would say above 480p but not 720p (my eyes werent tortured but I and everyone would still prefer a HD screen). The picture quality I found to be good too as so the video playback. I also enjoy having the option to put widgets (the YT widget lets you scroll through recent upload from my subscriptions w/o opening the app) and play music or streaming from soundcloud while Im on other applications. It is also nice to have a wifi hotspot feature on the phone (additional $15 on your bill) so when I need to use my note 10.1 or ipod it will have internet access. The phone still hasn't replaced my ipod because androids can place certain music files such as WAV, aiff, M4a, and others that I download from soundcloud but I doesn't make much difference if your streaming but I would still like to put those files on my phone or tablet. The phone also came with a mobile ID app which allows you to have different profiles (like android 4.3 but it has 4.0.4 then theres rooting) The total storage space of the phone w/o sd will be about 11 or 12 gigs but of course theres always adding an micro sd for more media storage. I played GTA 3 on here and it runs smooth no lagging or any problems.My dislikes that I have with this phone is no HD streaming on YT, sometimes it becomes a hot brick in my pocket, no HD display that thought it had and its on 4.0.4 (it might be Virgin mobiles issue and not phone but still would like to see 4.1.2 like on my note 10.1 or a more updated OS).The things I like are the mobile hotspot, good screen size, editing where apps can go on the home screen, widgets, voice talk, mobile id even though Im the only user on my phone
I had the Samsung galaxy appeal with at&t before this so this phone is a big step up. I love this phone. So many great features and its pretty quick and reliable too. And because it comes with the jelly bean update it's pretty up to date. However virgin mobile service is pretty iffy. I barely get a signal at my home. But I can desk with it tho
Phone had the latest release by Samsung (for this phone) of android OS 4.1.2 update on it already, a nice plus. I like everything about this phone so far. I was looking for a Virgin Mobile phone with more storage, at least 8 MP camera, and faster processor, as well as good/great reviews and good price point. Battery life could be a bit better, but with some tweaking of settings, including notifications, widgets, screen brightness/timeout, etc, it has improved. I get about 12 hours with light use and about 10 hours with medium use. Someone mentioned that the phone has shut down out of the blue and needing to remove and replace the battery. This happened once with mine so far. I believe I was closing out of an app when it happened. Battery was still charged. I installed Wake Lock from Google Play (I have used this on an android tablet before) and have not had this happen again so far. I set it on "partial wake lock."
I love this phone. Samsung has very nice phones. The size of the screen is perfect.Prepaid is my favorite word. You get quality service for the half of the price of other wireless companies.
I love this phone, but there are some drawbacks. The battery life is poor; with frequent use, the phone doesn't get me through the whole day and I am even using a low brightness setting. Also, sometimes the phone will randomly shut off, but this doesn't happen too often. And lastly, when the phone charges, it almost seems like it gets too hot and I don't want it to overheat so I take off the phone case while it charges.Besides these few drawbacks, the phone is beautiful, has a large screen, and is definitely the best phone I've ever had from Virgin Mobile.
Love this phone,nice big face,easy to read,4g is great,like the other reviewers,wish we could get the latest Samsung phone,but the phone is great and I am very satisfied.
This phone is awesome.does so many things, i have been impressed since day1.i highly recommend this phone.my only complaint is as usual the battery life, but you can hit task button to conserve battery.overall very happy.
This replaced my LG Optimus & what an upgrade! The android version I went from was 2.0 to 4.0. The white is beautiful and the size is awesome without being too heavy. All apps load quickly & many can run at same time. Would recommend for anyone who wants to use as phone, mp3 player, mini-computer. It does it all. I listen to music at work. I keep it plugged in to power so it doesn't drain battery & use ear plugs so I can have it as loud as I'd like it without disturbing anyone in my office area. Love it very much!
This phone is awesome ... all the bells and whistles. Beautiful display and very fast. I would recommend this phone to anyone :)
I've had Virgin Mobile for 5+ years now and this is by far my favorite phone I've had. I haven't had any issues with it other than the occasional freezing, which is usually more of an app issue than a phone issue. It's fast and sleek- I like the size and a lot of people think it's an iphone based on how it looks. Would recommend :).
Excellent phone in general. The only weakness is the 4G. It is not LTE, but WiMAX. Indoors is where the WiMAX really suffers. Works pretty well outdoors. Processor is not state of the art, but still fast in it's own right. The contrast of the display is great, although the resolution has been greatly surpassed by modern phones.Durable as well. I don't use a case, and have dropped it pretty hard many times. Still works flawlessly.
I was a little weary about whether this was legit, but i have no regrets now. Six months later im still amazed by this phone and its smoothness. My friend referred my to this phone and im glad they steered my here. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a cost effective upgrade! ☺
You already know this phone is awesome. Its not the newest version but its the bomb. But it no regrets!
I still love this phone, I have had it for a couple of months now. I love the white color and how light the phone is. This one, to me, is just as good as the S3. And the amount of storage it has is more than perfect. Buy it! Then buy a case.
I've had the phone for about 2 to 3 months and I am very happy with it.PROS:* I love the design of the phone, it is very thin and comfortable in my hands, and the white color gives it a sophisticated look. My brother has the Samsung Galaxy S3, and shape-wise, it feels and looks pretty much the same, except that the S3 has a home button.* Other reviewers have complained about the battery life, but I am quite satisfied with the battery life. I guess it all verges on expectations. Before buying the phone I had talked to other people about their phone's battery life, (Iphone users), and all pretty much said that theirs lasted about a day or down to 12 hours with heavy use. So based on what Iphone users told me, and my wife's use of the Samsung nexus, my expectations with this phone were that I wanted to get at least a day of battery life.* My battery life of course varies based on my usage and on where I am. For example, if I am at home for several days in a row (where I have very good signal), my battery life can last from 2 ½ to 3 days based on medium usage. However, when I am at work all day, where my signal is very bad, and the phone is constantly roaming, then my battery will only last from 1 day to 1 ½ days. I have also been able to extend my battery life a bit by downloading the "Easy Battery" app.* Granted I am not a heavy user....I only use my phone to check work and personal emails, facebook, LinkedIn, read some news sights, watch some YouTube videos, watch Vine videos, text and do some light talk-time with family and friends, etc. I do not use my phone for listening to the radio, downloading music, gaming or talking on the phone constantly.* The Virgin price of $35/month for unlimited text, data and 300 minutes is a very good deal.* I've been very satisfied with the pictures the phone takes.* I bought the S2 on Virgin because it gives me the option to turn the phone into a Hot Spot by paying an extra $15. I wanted this option, because sometimes I need to connect to my work computer remotely while on the road. The S2 is 1 of 4 other phones that has this option under Virgin. The S3 doesn't have this option yet on Virgin.CONS:* I guess the only CON I have is the Sprint network, and that is why I gave this review a 4. Virgin is on the sprint network, and it is pretty good in the city I live in, Raleigh, NC. I can get 4G WiMax sometimes, but for the most part I get 3G at home and at work, and that is good enough for what I use my phone for. Whenever my signal is lacking, I'll simply just connect to a wireless network.* I have absolutely no signal when I travel to the remote parts of North Carolina, i.e. when I go to the Outer Banks (Avon, Buxton, Frisco), or when I travel to Cape Lookout. However, this also happens with other carriers. When I was on Net10, the same thing happened. I think Verizon or AT&T are the only one that has good coverage in these remote areas of NC. So in the future, when I get my next phone I might consider getting a prepaid Verizon phone, just so I could have signal everywhere, but the CON against that is that I would be looking at $60 to $70 per month for unlimited, versus the $35/ month for Virgin. The cost / benefit of Virgin probably comes out on top, since it's not like I travel to remote areas all that often.
This phone is wonderful. Sleek and of excellent quality. Although I chose a standard shipment, the expected delivery date was early and as promised on time! You will not be disappointed with this great buy.
The phone came early and works great! It's a used phone and it doesn't even look used. I'm very happy with this item and I'll deffinetly order from them again!
after LG , this phone is super , i installed 4.1.2 and now he like s3 , i miss buy $5 garanty .
Nice phone you will love the brilliant color screen and size. Great for games and all its such a smart phone had many features iPhones just do not have
I really love it, it shipped right away, easy to use in fact my daughter got one because I loved mine so much yes I would recomend
I love my phone it is what I expected and more. I recommend it to anyone. Love it , love it , love it.
Great phone. Better than any other Virgin Mobile Smartphone.I first purchased the Samsung Galaxy Victory and the Samsung Galaxy S2 is way better than the Victory.The screen is more vibrant and the phone is thinner.The only downside of the Galaxy S2 is that it is WiMax but then my home area does not have 4G LTE or WiMax Coverage anyways so I always use it in 3G mode.
Big, bright, beautiful display and fast, fast, fast. Bought it for the wife, now find it tough going back to my 3-1/2 inch LG Optimus Elite. Only issues: Turns on WiFi at start-up by default, and the 4G radio is for Sprint's legacy WiMAX network, which is being phased out.
It is easy to use, has great reception, has neat features and was a godsend when we took it on a trip to Florida where it navigated for us.
I love this phone. I would recommend it to everyone. And the price was great as well. I got the phone pretty quick as well.
very good phone for price
battery sucks but i still love this phone it was brand new when i got it and i still love it
it was what she wanted
I got this for my girlfriend for her birthday, it may be outdated, but it's still an amazing phone, and she loves it. If you want to get a good quality phone for cheap then an older flagship device is the way to go (as long as it's software won't make it useless, like older iDevices).
this phone was for my husband and he still uses it.he loved the fact it was kinda large but not too large that it was hard to get in and out his pockets.great phone
the phone is nice, I like it, it works well.. the only problem was virgin mobile gave me a hard time about adding the warranty on this phone because it was bought threw Amazon.
Really enjoying the Samsung Galaxy S II 4G. Usually I drive 52 miles 5 days a week from home to my job and can listen CNN live, France24 live and many Internet radios with the 4G without many interruptions, and this during my driving. I am a big smooth Jazz fan and connected with Pandora Internet radio, I can also listen the best of Smooth Jazz music in my car on my way to work and coming back home.Also, lot of free apps to download, very fast Internet connection, and the phone will go from 4G to wireless connection
I upgraded from the Samsung Intercept, and it was worth it! I couldn't be happier with the performance of the phone and it's features. I'll take this over the I-phone any day.
love the large screen. It's larger than the iPhone screen. I would say this is just as nice as an iPhone, but costs much less.
I have had the lg optimus which was great and then i went to what i thought was a better phone (motorola triumph) it was not. This samsung is by far the best 4g cell phone out there for virgin mobile i have no complaints!
The wife and I are ecstatic about our new phones, especially considering we upgraded from a barely functional LG Optimus V. The storage is great and the functionality is so smooth.I was having trouble with the USB connection and did a lot of fruitless web searching before I finally decided just to try Samsung's e-mail tech support. Within a day, I had received all the info I could possibly need, including the thing that solved my problem. (I needed to use the USB cable that came with the phone.)The one minor irritation with this phone (hence 4 stars instead of 5) is the power button being on the side, directly opposite the volume buttons. I can't believe that choice got through the testing phase. It means I have to pull my phone out of its holster from the bottom, instead of grabbing it on the upper edges, like I'm used to. But that's a change I'm willing to make for such an otherwise delightful phone.
FAST SHIPPER. Good Price. Item was as described well package as it was brand new in box. Got it fast!Why live with a contract? Went to Verizon thinking why is everyone going with a plan; there must be some benefit to it?!After my discounted Verizon phone broke after light use in the first 2 months and Verizon wanting me to purchase another phone at full retail price, even there discounted/re-certified phones where way over $300!! "is there nothing you can do for me? You guys are my carrier now and this phone is only couple months old??", I said. "there is a Blackberry Curve re-certified for only $325." Verizon replies. "Ok I had that same phone on Virgin Mobile (VM) that I bought for 1/3 the cost you are charging, brand new and its only a 3G phone if I wanted that I would of stayed on VM and paid 1/3 of the bill also (plus your data is capped now), and did you say ONLY $325??." ... Long story shortI then saw Virgin Mobile had Dual Core and 4G phones! Bye Verizon you can take your 78/month, 88/month, 98/month and finally 108/month?? The one thing you know is fact, your monthly will always go up with a contract. And if you don't have insurance on your phone you will be paying as much as a non-contract phone.I had VM for 8 years and left them for 4 months and learned a valuable lesson, there is no benefit to going with a contract carrier. If anything there is more a reason not to go with a contract.
I changed to this phone from the Motorola Triumph and it was a good choice. The triumph is a great phone, but this phone is superior in many ways. The screen's resolution shows more vibrant colors and the phone's processor is quite faster. Also, the picture quality is much higher on my new phone ( takes pictures as well as my actual camera!). The battery life is also about three times longer, which comes in handy when I'm away from the house all day. Overall, the phone is easy to use and worth the cost in the long run.
Great
The phone was alright but the battery had a major malfunction. The phone was not recovered after my daughter had it for a few months.
This phone was purchased as a replacement for my last phone which was also a Samsung Galaxy S2. I really like the phone which is light weight and is sleekly designed. It fits conveniently in my pocket unlike some of the newer more bulkier phone. When the camera went out in my last phone I really seen no reason to update to a newer model as I am very happy with this model. It is extremely easy to use, the camera takes nice clear photos and the memory is also pretty decent however I did purchase an sd card for my phone to increase the memory due to all the pics and music that I like to store on it. This is definitely a very durable phone and perfect for anyone who likes to stay with the smaller phones.
Always has been a favorite still is.
It came early that's good .everything works ok . So I guess I'm a satisfied customer. .thanks
Purchased this phone for my husband. He loves it and we are so happy to be done with Verizon. Virgin has a great network and unlimited date for a great price. Finally we can say goodbye to Verizon and their crazy high prices for data.
Bought this a few months ago after my LG Optimus Elite crapped out. The Galaxy II has a large display and beautiful color. The speaker and handset volume are super loud. I also like the voice-to-text and the text voicemail features.
This is a quality prepaid smartphone with excellent useability. Much better than the HTC One V offered by Virgin Mobile which was extremely sluggish. This phone at times has trouble keeping up with running processes but the experience is mostly good.Pros:- Mostly smooth interface- Great camera- Jellybean ( I HIGHLY recommend updating to this. Make the phone run much quicker! )Cons:- Can't put too many widgets on home screen- Has to be updated to Jelly Bean to be a really good phone- Battery life makes it though 70% of the day
The phone a was a good buy, had some pretty good features for its price, also it has longer battery life that i thought it did.
Got it for virgin to replac a droid on Verizon. Connection was so much better on Verizon but it also ran 60 bucks more a month.
I am coming off a much older LG phone so this phone is nicealthough the battery doesnt seem to last as long
I have real bad arthritis. I take a vitamin called Tripleflex. It has MSM, Glucosamine, and, Chondroitin. I never cared about vitamins, until I had to do something, just to type pain free. No, I don't work for any company. I wished I did, By pressing the little microphone on the front page of my Galaxy S ll, I can speak my searches into the Google Search text field. I search for EVERYTHING! How to... when is... on this day, bla bla bla. That is only the beginning. Really, I don't talk much on a phone. The final reason that helped me decide to get this phone, and, plan, is that together, it is perfect. Affordability is a main attraction, with like a special present forever as a bonus. It's hard to explain. I guess, I really knew for sure I was missing out, after I had this Galaxy S2 for just a couple minutes. If you need a handheld state of the art, fully functionable, that never drops calls, well, try this Samsung Galaxy S2 out, with the Virgin Mobile Prepay Deal!
Works great
Satisfied
great phone____seems to be brand new. seller great 5 stars.
Pros:- Screen looks great- Camera works pretty well- Calls, texting, surfing the internet work fineCons:- Size is bordering too big- Occasionally the phone just goes black and is unresponsive. Infrequent enough that it's not a big problem but still not idealI can only imagine how great the S4 and S5 are, but I'd definitely get the mini versions of those.
Very happy
got for my daughter for Christmas,she loves it.
Overall is worth the money since buying it brand new is close to three hundred...only issue so far is the vid cam makes me look purple when I do video recording slightly disappointment with that but it is like new with everything else.
He LOVES it!
Was everything we wanted works great was a gift they are very happy with it description was accurate small glitch with chager seller was a pleasure to work with more than happy to go out of his way to resolve any issues definitely order from them again.
i gave this phone to my friend for Christmas and he loved it.The description said that it have moderate scratches but the phone was brand new!!
works great
Had the Galaxy Note 2 for a few days, wow what a cool device, but had to pay $90.00 for the service from Sprint. Returned it and decided to go with the Galaxy S2 with Virgin Mobile paying $35/mo + $5.00 insurance fee. The S2 also is a great device, lots of ROM and can add a SD card for future apps. No restarting issues yet after a few weeks, will update if I due have any issues....
I absolutely love this phone. So easy to use and super fast. Don't know how I got through life without it. Everyday I discover something new. I haven't turned on the computer to access emails, check social status since the phone arrived. Next will be banking. I thought having such a larger phone would be a bother but its slim profile fits perfect in my pocket and i can hardly tell it's there. Can't wait to find more surprises!
Excellent Phone, there is nothing performance wise that an iphone has shown me that this has not exceeded. WIFI has been great, has as good reception as any other phone I've seen from Virgin. Initial battery life when screen on auto and power saving turned on would get it to late in the afternoon with moderate usage. I put a qcell 4100mah battery on the phone and I haven't been able to drain the battery in 24 hours. I get around 75 emails a day, texting, google voice, browsing etc... Still have the screen set on auto. But no other battery saving options. Haven't really needed to reboot, runs real smooth. You can install Jelly bean from samsung on the phone. Definitely worth doing. This is a flag ship android device and performs like one. Worth every penny.
So a couple of weeks ago, I finally got fed-up with my old phone (the HTC EVO V 4G). It was laggy, the battery life was dreadful, and the camera on it--even though it was a 3D camera and claimed to be "high quality"--sucked. Heck, ONE scratch on the lens part of the camera made it so the flash function added a greenish hue to every picture I took; I could basically not use my flash. Just imagine my frustration, especially considering this happened just a couple of months after owning it.What sucks is...when I bought this phone, the white, standard version of it was sold out, so I was forced to purchase the titanium version of it. Aside from the color, they're the exact same phone. Not too big of an issue, I guess.After having the Galaxy S2 for a bit, I can honestly say that this is the best phone I've ever owned(inb4 "iPhones are the bestest!!1!") No, they are not. I own the latest generations of iPad and iPod Touch and I can honestly say that I hate the iOS platform with the burning, fiery passion of a thousand suns. But that's a conversation for another time.I've owned several phones while being a member of Virgin Mobile - The Samsung Intercept, Motorola Triumph, Kyocera Rise, HTC EVO V, and now the Samsung Galaxy S2.Since I've had it, not once have I had an issue with the battery draining rapidly, the screen ALWAYS moves as quickly as I swipe it with no input lag. This thing is basically--as numerous reviews I've seen say--a mini supercomputer. Plus since Jelly Bean is now out for the Virgin Mobile of the Galaxy S2, the phone is even better than it was before. What more could I ask for, aside from it turning into a Transformer and assisting me in taking over Earth?I would definitely HIGHLY recommend this phone to those who are looking to purchase, especially if you're as tired as I was of scouring all over the place for the perfect Virgin Mobile phone.
If you are a Virgin Mobile customer, (or thinking about it) and can fit this into your budget get this phone. I've been a V.M. customer for about a year and decided to upgrade my phone so I got for this phone. It has a great screen size, it's fast and I had heard good things about the Samsung Galaxy. The price from Amazon is better than any place else so, I went for it.I ordered it on a Friday afternoon and paid a little extra for Sat. delivery, I wanted to do the setup and activation over the weekend.The activation went smooth and then Sunday I just happened to do a web search (not on V.M. yet) about an updates "Virgin Mobile Galaxy II updates" and found that Samsung has an update (for this phone) to Jellybean 4.1.2. You can't beat that for good timing.A little tip about the update: You do need to restart your computer for the drivers to work. IE Download, extract and install, then restart and run.Thanks Sir Richard expect my call ;-)
The seller was very generous with their offer and it came with all the bells and whistles, 32gig micro-sd, for a great price. It came extremely quickly and worked just fine. I've had it for about 2 weeks and can't complain at all. A great screen, solid call quality, and apps galore.
I absolutely love this phone, its very fast and responsive in every way!The shipping was fast as well! Ive had this phone for over 3 months now and it hasn't slowed down one bit. It has handled a rooting very well and is a top performer for sure! Highly recommended.
This phone is just awesome. Especially for the money paid. When they said "minor scratches on the corner & back" they really meant "minor." Hardly noticeable. Especially when the phone itself is a little powerhouse with a clean glass screen. My life revolves around my phone, & It can handle it in stride.
I like how sleek it is. I've had it for almost a year, just recently started turning off randomly (hoping the new battery will work) Also I found that I had to take out the battery a every once in a while because it will freeze or something, and I really don't have apps, I use it for messaging, picture taking and call purposes mainly. Good for that, but I guess I don't need a 'fancy' phone like this.
This is a nice upgrade for someone coming from a much simpler android. That said, it has some quirks. I have had constant issues with its ability to communicate properly with the towers. It will randomly change the time, time zone, etc which causes the alarms to sound at the wrong time (read: this reviewer ends up late to work). I have communicated with Virgin about this without a great solution besides changing the settings to not get this info from the towers. I also found that the screen cracked easily and I realize I should have gotten the insurance. It has not been a real issue though.One important thing to understand is that the battery life is not great. It helps if you close out the programs by holding down the home button and then choosing which to close, but it still never gets me through a day. I keep chargers everywhere, unfortunately, and often am scanning public areas for an outlet.Overall, its a nice phone and does what I need it to do.
This is by far my favorite phone, i am a picture person and it dose WONDERFUL. i also text alot and i havnt seem to come across any problems with that yet.The only down side i see to this phone is being a new samsung user i would like to know what all the apps do before i down load them.
Completely new, packaged well, and works great. No complaints whatsoever. This was a really good buy, would recommend this phone to anyone.
What a great phone! I upgraded from a very basic "semi-smartphone," so this really dazzled me. It's very easy to operate, the camera is excellent in terms of picture and features, and the size is large, but not overly so.
This is the best virgin mobile phone at the time I purchased it. Only issue is crappy battery life. Very good phone otherwise. Shipping was fast by this seller.
I love my cell phone, It's easy to use and Definitely a good buy from Virgin Mobile, comes in loud and clear. Great phone,would rec it to everyone. I got my daughter one too.
This phone may be aging, but if you're going the pre-paid route like I did (Virgin Mobile, specifically), this is a very good way to go. With a relatively light weight and slim profile, it fits nicely in my pocket. The glass touch screen delivers a vibrant display, and optional live backgrounds add to a modern, attractive aesthetic. The screen transitions/slides are sleek and enjoyable, and it took me very little time to learn the ins and outs of the OS (which is Android's Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0).The camera is excellent, taking finely detailed pictures and with some pretty smart focusing options. I'd like more control over the white balance, but honestly, the quality of the pictures the phone takes make the biggest difference between it and a higher end, consumer-grade camera how much outside-the-box thinking you have to do to get a good shot- and there's not much needed. If your pictures should need any extra lighting, there's a nice flash on the phone, but it gets more mileage from my flashlight app than it does from the camera. In short, this phone takes excellent pictures. If you're photographically inclined, and don't like carrying more than one electronic device with you, this phone is definitely for you.Its sound recording abilities are surprising, too. I've recently started work on a self-produced voice acting demo, applying my college studies of audio recording and sound for picture to make it sound professional, and this phone has been instrumental in recording foley on the go. Sure, it's not a thousand dollar condenser microphone, by any stretch, but it does its job in a pinch, and the sounds I've recorded (outdoor background noise, the kicking/throwing/dropping of auto body parts found in a body shop dump, etc.) are high-fidelity enough to lend to the professionalism of my demo without burning such a hole in my pocket that I'm no longer presentable.Oh yeah, phone features. I was rather wary of buying a phone without buttons, as I text more than I talk, but this phone honestly has the best smart text entry system I've seen yet: you can actually enter words by tracing a line from letter to letter, and about 95% of the time, the text entry program guesses the words correctly. No need to lift your finger from the screen- even when my line's direction is questionable, I still get less typos than I've had with any other smart text entry system. Thanks to this system, coupled with the Inkpad Notepad app, my little Moleskine notebook (of comparable size to the phone, but thicker) gets much less use; this system is almost as quick as writing by hand, and easier since it can be done on the one multipurpose device I carry in my pocket.Browsing the web is about as easy as it gets on a phone (granted, my experience is limited with this; this is my first data plan, so take this with a grain of salt, if you must): quick, with easy panning, scrolling and zooming. Image viewing is expectably great, given the high quality of the display. My complaints largely have to do with Virgin Mobile and the reception I get. It's certainly not intolerable; I can make/receive calls and text just about anywhere, although I've had some experience with dropped calls when they've gone on for twenty minutes or so- although such calls are rare for me, so it's not a huge deal. Just check the 4G map before you go with 4G in mind, and be prepared for some dodgy reception on that score. At home, I find it easier to connect via Wi-Fi with my FiOS internet than to use the 4G/3G capabilities of my phone, even though I'm still within a 4G zone (though near the edge of it, admittedly). Still, at $35 per month (and no hidden fees, furthermore!), I can't complain too hard.I also wasn't very impressed with the music player; looks like my Zune will have a few more years of use, yet. It organizes tracks alphabetically according to title, not even file name, much less by track number in the song's tag. Sure, there are apps out there that'll turn your phone, with the 16 gigs you can add to its stock 16, into a bona-fide Mp3/FLAC/WMA (the latter being my format of choice, never mind the file size) player, but if my Zune already does that, I don't see any reason to bother looking for one.Before I conclude this lengthy review: battery life. You will have to charge this daily. Twice a day, if you use the connection optimizer (which I don't; waste of battery life, if you ask me). That's about par for the course as far as smartphones go, but essential to include in any review.In conclusion, I'm very happy with my Galaxy S II. It's my computer away from home, my notebook on the go, my portable microphone, my camera, and even holds some of my books, thanks to the Kindle App. Oh yeah, and it's a fully functional telephone, too. Honestly, I haven't even halfway plumbed the depths of this device's capabilities. There are a few minor details that keep me from giving it a full five stars (I'd give it four and a half if I could), largely to do with Virgin Mobile's service (although $35 a month is quite reasonable, considering unlimited 3G and 2.5GB of 4G/month), but on the whole, if, like me, you're one of those people with top-shelf tastes and a happy hour budget, this phone is definitely for you.
The phone is terrific! I'm glad I have made the switch from the Blackberry. At first, I was having some difficulties with the keyboard, but once I got the hang of it, everything works great.
I havent had any problems with the phone. 16gb internal memory, 2gb phone memory. it was between this phone and the HTC EVO V 3D which is also a great phone. This one has a .2in bigger screen, thinner, and better battery life. Idk if it was worth the extra $100 premium price over the EVO, but I do like it a lot. Absolutely buy a case for this phone, it is thin and slick feeling, and being that i talk with my hands...phone in tow... i felt like without a case it may go across the room from my gestures. Throw on a screen protector and for less than $20 its protected, lest you buy an otterbox defender series....which i thought about but was too cheap to buy. Over all the battery life is OK but if you are a phone murderer, either get the extended battery, which i opted out of for a fitting 2pc case instead, or a 3rd party charger battery which i may get, but actually havent needed i just keep it on the charge cord when i get home, but the original cord is short tho. Overall it is a great android phone on a prepaid network.
This is a 2nd gen phone that has not been left behind when Samsung moved on. Using the IS operating system in a Jelly Bean world is still okay. It has crystal clear sound, beautiful pictures and is just the right size of big to be comfortable in your hand.Great value for the money.
he wanted this phone so i bought it for him. it seems incredibly expensive to me, but he likes it. it is big, which is what he wanted, has a nice camera and a great operating system. he needed to be able to get alert messages and was able to set this up to do so.
I oreded it two days ago and i chose the quick shipping and let me say it was great i upgraded from a lg optimus elite and wow this phone i amazing ! i highly reccomend it !
I just had a little problem receiving it. But was able to pick it up at the ups store. When I got it I just loved it wanted to use it right away. So far I have no problems. I would buy from this buyer again.
Great Android phone and a great deal through Virgin Mobile. If you have good reception from Virgin Mobile (Sprint) in your area, I would definitely recommend this phone. Fast processor and a beautiful screen.
There are so many better phone on market,,,but this is good enough for me.If you use phone all the time and install may apps...the battery is not strong enough. you may need carry the charger or extra battery.
Purchased this awhile back and has worked great for me. Do love Virgin Mobile's rates as I don't gab on the phone when I'm out and about anyways and I still have a landline so the 300 minutes is good enough. I also use wifi a lot so it has been the cheaper alternative for me. Bought this when it was on sale. Call quality is very clear for me; however, Internet speed is just so-so even when I'm under the cap (have not used it enough to the point where they decrease the data speed so the speeds I've been noticing have been within the allotted data for the month). Battery is fair, with no need to recharge much unless I forget to switch the wifi off. If I leave it on, it needs recharging every day and a half. Otherwise, it's a pretty good product overall.
I would highly recommend this phone. If you don't need to have the latest Galaxy, this will be a great phone for you! It's fast, great speakers, image, and good battery life.
I've been with Virgin Mobile for almost a year now and this is my third phone with them. This is probably the optimal combination of good service, low monthly bill, and phone performance. This phone is a significant initial investment but it pays for itself with the lower monthly rates compared to the other providers. Plus you can resell it when something better comes along. I'm keeping this one for a while because it does everything I need it to do and it processes tasks very quickly. Haven't tried playing games yet (not into games on my phone) but switching back and forth between applications is seamless. The screen is large and vivid. The camera is great quality. I really like the indicator light that tells you if there is an unread message or notification without turning on the screen. It also shows a blue light for facebook notifications, COOL! I'm sticking with this phone and service for the long hall!
I had an Lg optimus and upgraded to this phone. I love the size and the features that this phone has one it. I am still learning new things about this phone since last Wednesday, which is when I got the phone. The shipping and ordering process went great!
I was most surprised by the internal 11GB of space. You think you only have 4GB but there is an "internal USB" that can hold up to 11GB. Plus, with my 32GB SD card, I'm rockin with 43GB of available space. Not bad. Everything works on the phone. Still getting used to the 4G Wimax network. Definitely not LTE capable but it does give a little boost. I LOVE the 8MP camera! It's the very reason I went with it than the Reverb which is LTE capable.Samsung is an awesome company. This phone will get all the latest Android updates from their own website! I upgraded from 4.0 to Jellybean just minutes after activating the phone. I have nothing but good things to say about the phone. Would have preferred the SIII of course but beggars can't be too choosy. So glad I went with Titanium instead of white.
I got my phone on monday! It feels great and it works really nice. Keyboard is amazing too and battery life as well. I love virgin mobile and they are affordable with their plans. I find this phone better than the iphone 4 and cheaper and with a nicer screen which is big too.
the phone is nice, I like it, it works well.. the only problem was virgin mobile gave me a hard time about adding the warranty on this phone because it was bought threw Amazon.
Really enjoying the Samsung Galaxy S II 4G. Usually I drive 52 miles 5 days a week from home to my job and can listen CNN live, France24 live and many Internet radios with the 4G without many interruptions, and this during my driving. I am a big smooth Jazz fan and connected with Pandora Internet radio, I can also listen the best of Smooth Jazz music in my car on my way to work and coming back home.Also, lot of free apps to download, very fast Internet connection, and the phone will go from 4G to wireless connection
I have had the lg optimus which was great and then i went to what i thought was a better phone (motorola triumph) it was not. This samsung is by far the best 4g cell phone out there for virgin mobile i have no complaints!
The wife and I are ecstatic about our new phones, especially considering we upgraded from a barely functional LG Optimus V. The storage is great and the functionality is so smooth.I was having trouble with the USB connection and did a lot of fruitless web searching before I finally decided just to try Samsung's e-mail tech support. Within a day, I had received all the info I could possibly need, including the thing that solved my problem. (I needed to use the USB cable that came with the phone.)The one minor irritation with this phone (hence 4 stars instead of 5) is the power button being on the side, directly opposite the volume buttons. I can't believe that choice got through the testing phase. It means I have to pull my phone out of its holster from the bottom, instead of grabbing it on the upper edges, like I'm used to. But that's a change I'm willing to make for such an otherwise delightful phone.
FAST SHIPPER. Good Price. Item was as described well package as it was brand new in box. Got it fast!Why live with a contract? Went to Verizon thinking why is everyone going with a plan; there must be some benefit to it?!After my discounted Verizon phone broke after light use in the first 2 months and Verizon wanting me to purchase another phone at full retail price, even there discounted/re-certified phones where way over $300!! "is there nothing you can do for me? You guys are my carrier now and this phone is only couple months old??", I said. "there is a Blackberry Curve re-certified for only $325." Verizon replies. "Ok I had that same phone on Virgin Mobile (VM) that I bought for 1/3 the cost you are charging, brand new and its only a 3G phone if I wanted that I would of stayed on VM and paid 1/3 of the bill also (plus your data is capped now), and did you say ONLY $325??." ... Long story shortI then saw Virgin Mobile had Dual Core and 4G phones! Bye Verizon you can take your 78/month, 88/month, 98/month and finally 108/month?? The one thing you know is fact, your monthly will always go up with a contract. And if you don't have insurance on your phone you will be paying as much as a non-contract phone.I had VM for 8 years and left them for 4 months and learned a valuable lesson, there is no benefit to going with a contract carrier. If anything there is more a reason not to go with a contract.
I changed to this phone from the Motorola Triumph and it was a good choice. The triumph is a great phone, but this phone is superior in many ways. The screen's resolution shows more vibrant colors and the phone's processor is quite faster. Also, the picture quality is much higher on my new phone ( takes pictures as well as my actual camera!). The battery life is also about three times longer, which comes in handy when I'm away from the house all day. Overall, the phone is easy to use and worth the cost in the long run.
Work as expected
It's a good cellphone and it take a Clair and nice picture whith camera.
Received this product on time. Found it just as I expected it to be. Crispy new and totally functional. The product came in with a new battery and a new charger. It's perfectly working with the carrier I intended it to. Before the purchase I posted a question to the seller regarding the product. And surprisingly I got his answer in just a few minutes. Really impressive.
buen producto
excellent
ALL IS OK
Excellent
Very good
That phone is very nice and good condition, so fast, and big capacity, i really like it, playing games so easy on it.
I bought the S2 as a back up phone and one I can use locally when I travel on international trips
Buy this for a client, so far no complaints, everything is perfect and running at full capacity 100% recommended for anyone looking to buy from this seller Thank you for your good pruduct.
The cell phone is a great phone, but the Galaxy S2 from Tmobile has a much bigger screen than this one. I didn't know that until I saw my niece's phone... bummer!
Excellent
great
Phone arrived and worked...always a good thing
good
excelente
worked very well.
excellent product
good thanks.
good
Fast shipping. Good price
VERY GOOD
work as advertized
Excelente
Besides this phone was relased 1 year+ Ago, I have no complains at all. I am in Venezuela and this device works 3G in Movistar/Movilnet and 2G in Digitel.I received the phone locked, but I contacted the seller ABE-123 and they quickly reply. I had the unlock code the same day, with my new sim card, power on the phone, enter the code, and ready to go!With a standard-heavy use, the screen brightness set to 20%, updates on, wifi on, I got 18 hours until my S2 dies! The phone reception is good, the screen quality is superb (despite lowres 800x480 screen) the web pages, photos, videos, games, and everything looks really really nice.I have droped several times from 3 ft+ high my S2 and nothing ever happened, I just bought a TPU Dizotronic case that you barely notice is there. Construction +++!The dual core 1.2 GHz processor + 1 gig RAM manage all load you can give without a blink.Is lightweight and sleek, and the multitouch digitalizer is very responsive. I have written long mails without effort.Overall, the best price-value smartphone right now. Dont look any further!Update: I just updated to Ice Cream Sandwich 4.04 and the good became better! No complains at all!
Ordered this phone for a friend ..the phone came in exceptional condition! Brand new, unlocked just as advertised. It charged well the camera resolution is amazing ...the phone is very light, easy to operate in general user friendly! One downside to the product is that the battery dies fast once the phone is being used excessively! All in all gr8 product. I'm pleased....the phone came with car charger, regular charger, manual and it was in an original Samsung box.
Everything was ok. Recommended! The phone works fine and arrived in scheduled and i have no complains. If you wanna buy, buy it.
Excelente smartphone, todo lo que un telefono de gama alta puede tener, duracion de la bateria, camara frontal y trasera excelente, y los botones capacitivos de esta version mejoran la estetica de la version internacional.Algunos contra son que solo los accesorios son para este modelo SGHI777, y las actualizaciones dependen de at&t, tambien viene en una caja un poco barata con pocos accesorios por ser AT&T BRANDED. Tambien el Touchwiz es un poco limitante y cerrado, actualmente esta economico el telefono para un telefono que me parece aun gama alta.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Excellent smartphone, everything a high end phone can have battery life, excellent front and rear camera, and capacitive buttons in this version improve the aesthetics of the international version.Some cons are only accessories for this model are SGHI777, and updates depend on AT & T, also comes in a box a little cheap with few accessories to be AT & T BRANDED. Also the Touchwiz is a bit limiting and closed, the phone is currently economical for a phone that seems even high end.
I bought this phone as a gift for my friend who lives overseas. The phone arrived promptly and it was in a mint condition. I couldn't figure out how to charge it (connecting the charger just wouldn't do anything) and thus turn it on. But after googling the subject and playing with different variations of reset, and taking out the battery a few times, it started charging fine. (This problem never popped up again and I am still not sure what exactly was the reason for not charging in the first place).I personally like the Android OS much better (I own a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and also have used the S2 for quite a few days) but I still prefer to stick with the iPhone (as far as smartphone). It takes better pictures and feels more solid overall. (Whereas the Galaxy S2 is very lite and made of cheap plastic).
The article is great! Very nice phone for a very good price! Worked as advertised, nice Galaxy SII. For Brazilian customers, is a nice alternative to the International version, since the 700MHz frequency (the difference between 777 and 9100 models) is not currently used in Brazil.
Its the Phone which has the highest value for money compared with any phone. If you look at SIII its 800$ and HTC one X 700$and SII AT&T being only 390$ but is nearly has 80% of performance of anything out there. The screen size just perfect. I thiink a display more than 4.5 is bit too big
Comprado para ser usado en venezuela, funciona perfectamente con la telefonía de aqui. Muy buenas las funciones del telefono, recomendado altamente
HOLA MUY BUEN TELEFONO LO COMPRE Y LO ESTOY USANDO ACTUALMENTE EN VZLA CON MOVILNET GSM Y TRABAJA PERFECTAMENTE EN H+(3.5G) VIENE CON SOFTWARE android gingerbread 2.3.4. LA BATERIA ES DE 1650MA ( SE QUEDA CORTA, SE RECOMIENDA COMPRAR 2 ). LA EDICION DEL GALAXY SII DE AT&T NO TRAE AUDIFONOS O AUDICULARES . MUY RAPIDO TREMENDO TELEFONO . SUPER RECOMENDADO . ES MI PRIMER TELEFONO CON ANDROID Y MI PRIMER TELEFONO SAMSUNG Y HASTA EL MOMENTO ESTOY MUY FELIZ...
very good
Pros:AffordableFast - Still can play a lot of the latest gamesReliableMany custom android builds (roms)Easy to root, etcConsBad power button $1.40 fix if you have soldering kitNot 4GStandard back is easily broken.
Wonderful Phone!!! I love it
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
great
Good
Excellent
I don't give 5 stars but this product has earned it. Thank you for your product
excelente
I was looking for a celphone unlocked and this was excellent choice totally recommended ships fast and come unlocked good
Amazing customer service ! I ordered the phone Friday, received it on Monday. Im very impressed. I gave him four stars because the up volume button doesn't work :( and I wasn't told
The phone works perfectly and it does everything I need it to do. Just recently I had an accident with my phone . . . I accidently threw it into an industrial size garbage disposal in the dining hall at my college. Shockingly I was able to retrieve the phone back after I had thrown it in. But this is the amazing part . . . supposedly the phone was suppose to have gotten grinded up in the disposal but I got it back in ONE PIECE! It's almost as if the phone was indestructible, or maybe I just got lucky. . . but anyway I got the phone back in mint condition out of the grinder, but it had extensive water damage. BUT WAIT IT GETS BETTER . . . that night I had taken the battery, sims card, and memory card out of the phone and just sat the phone in rice over night. When I woke up in the morning and I had attempted to turn the phone on, and magically it had turned on and every feature on the phone was still working properly. I am still using my Galaxy S2 and I am NOT having any problems with it, even after it almost got grinded up and suffered extensive water damage it still works as if I just bought it. I would recommend this phone to anyone, it's amazing. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
Excellent product .... It attaches well to the measures. Should buy it, hasvery good quality. It's the best product
I bought is for a gift. Got to play with it for a short while and it performed great. The screen was rich and took nice pictures. I loved it.
Great cellphone. So thin, it can be just a little hard to grip at times, without bumping the volume rocker or the power button sometimes. Battery life rather short when WI-Fi is used to surf the web, but what a great display it has, and nice quick performance too. No lag when bringing up the web browser, etc.
It met my expectations, it wort the same as iphone and galaxy. I really like it and it works great.
I purchased this phone to use with StraightTalk (Walmart). What a cluster that was. The reps were clueless. The coverage was weak (because they sent me a T-Mobile SIMM card with out letting me know there was an AT&T alternative, which has much better coverage in my area). So, Samsung makes great phones, I now have a GS4 on Verizon. The S2 would have been fine, if it could have been SIMMd my carrier.
It is as expected. No visible sign of use. It's been working fine. We have been using it for two or three weeks without any problem..
Looked like new aside from a minor blemish on the bottom (probably from being dropped)Loving it still, two weeks in
good phone
The phone seems very good but I thought includes the original box and accessories. As for the quality of the phone, very good!
no problem with the purchase, I am satisfied, excellent product for the price
Great phone so far!
very good
Phone arrived and worked...always a good thing
good
excelente
worked very well.
100% recomendado very good
Works with movistar, movilnet and digitel 3G in Venezuela. the screen it's great, good colors. the camera works appropriately and the exigent games work well.
Thank you. It is a good item, it's exactly what it described and what I expected, I cant complain about it.
exelente telefono , alta resolucion en fotos , e imagenes , no me equivoque en elegirlo a el el tamañoa adecuado , justo lo que buscaba y viene con la ultima vercion de android lo recomiendoexcellent phone, high resolution in photos, and images, no mistake in electing me to the the right Tamanoa, just what I was looking for and comes with the latest android vercion recommend
To start off, I was confused with which phone to buy! S2, S3, S4 all are in the market!! But I went by a strict budget that I had in mind $300 and believe me the phone is more than worth it.The only thing that you need to be very careful about is S2 and S2 plus. The S2 plus has number 9105 while S2 has the number 9100. S2 plus has a few minor enhancements as compared to S2 the major one being the OS Android 2.3 vs. Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean).One thing you need to keep in mind there hardly are any feature differences between S2 plus, S3 and S4 that i will be using and hence it tilted my decision in favour of S2 plus.NOTE : BEWARE S2 (with old OS) costs more and is sold on this same site. I was about to buy it, but then realized that Samsung has released S2 plus with the latest OS!
This is a wonderful phone. it is an original phone from Korea. it works perfectly in Cameroon (Cental Africa). this phone worth more than 5 stars.
Nice Mobile.
Yes, it was a good buy
Was awesome.
I've since moved on but I loved this phone
Nice phone for the money
It arrived perfect! My daugher is in love with it! THANK YOU!!!
I bought it for a friend and got no complaints.
Nice, I like it. Not optimum though, however, it is loaded with all qualities of a smart phone. I wish Samsung could improve its battery quality.
fast ship good quality, problems with the batery
K
A++
Excellent Phone work great Thank you !!!!
It's a good phone! Works well,
fast ship good quality, problems with the batery
K
A++
Excellent Phone work great Thank you !!!!
It's a good phone! Works well,
it is ok very good condition and the best every thing works I am talking about the software the internet it works whit all the conexion to wifi the playstore is very good I like it
As this is my first cell phone in 9 years I honestly didn't know what to expect, but when it arrived and I started playing around with it a little I must say this phone is a must have for those who don't want to spend a crazy amount of money or a first time phone. It does everything I want it to and more.
Works good so far. Came unlocked & it is compatible in the Caribbean to work with b mobile sim cards
good quality and very useful. it is perfect a equipment and it is totally unlocked, you can use every where. Price is very good as you need. Delivery is so fast
it's ok
good product fast shipping
I like this phone it is easy to use and not to big.It meets all the good write ups I seen on it before I purchased it.but the battery doesn't seem to last a very long time.Could be I need new battery since I did buy it used.It is easy to find accessories for it still at good prices.
It is a GMS and is unlocked works well overseas, I use Sim cards.
Said it was new but came with damage to the outside. Phone works fine though.
Bueno me ha gustado demasiado so i really like it!
This phone is Evan better then they described. Would get another one anytime.
me gusto.tank you jp,m.
sorry you did not write all well before the cell as described thanks hope to buy from you
I absolute love this phone, I purchased it for my 12 yr old daughter and she hasn't broken it yet!! It's a very good phone
excellent the cell came perfeccct follow purchased her
Excellent team S series, I works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar, as an accessory brings the charger only.
My daughter who is really hard to please when it comes to PHONES .(..Lol,) really LOVES her phone., she said it has all the applications she was looking for in a phone..need I say much?...Lol
It works fine, came unlocked but i had to fix a problem with the screen and the power button. Im satisfied with the phone, no complaints about it! :)
Awesome phone and great customer service. I love having a unlocked phone so I don't have to be tied down for 2 years with a contract. I would recommend buying from USWireless again. My package was deliverd very fast!! Thank You!
I love it. That's it :P Got a case for it and use it constantly for music, movies, and communication. 1 day battery life plus some. Use it with a $45 Go Phone plan and never have any problems.
A+++++++++Goodshiping and as he sade like new. The most important that 4G is working fine in my area. That what i need.Thanks
While I'm still learning the device, I must say it is quite versatile and can be a useful tool to anyone, irrespective of your profession or involvement.
Has some trouble running on a t-mobile network... It is an AT&T unlocked phone! Nice size screen and slim design
I just got my phone in the mail last night and had it set up within 5 minutes of charging it (thank you SIM card!). I couldn't be happier! Though I've admittedly only had it 1 day, the phone itself is in great condition and works extremely well. The service is hands down SO much better than Sprint. With Sprint, I couldn't get a signal anywhere... not at work, not at home, not on my 1+hr train commute.... for 2 years! With this phone (and the AT&T) network, I'm even able to make calls from elevators!!! I'm so happy and excited that I'm telling everyone I know about it.
I like the weight is light and work properly, and still working excellent. This product is helpful like I said works great
Bought the phone to use with straight talk. Unfortunately, can't get the sim card from them now, although there website says you can. Loved the phone. Not thrilled with straight talk. But what do you expect from Verizon.Bought from Phone Max. Easily returned.Thanks Phone Max
I absolutely love this smart phone! Bought an iPhone 4S and ended up returning it. The Android OS is way better than iOS, amazing apps! The phone quality is, too. The only weakness in the box is the manual. A blurry copy in small print, not helpful in anyway for a user standpoint. But as far as the phone goes, I am glad I made the right choice.
It doesn't work for T-Mobile 4G network. After realizing that, I asked refund it. But, I had the box and manual because I threw it away. I just wrapped it with bubble. They gave me full amount back. Thank you for that. However, they should have given the more detailed description that T-mobile users might not purchas it.
this phone is the best and it has all the feature i wanted and its pretty fast. i love it!
Brand new.....charged for a little while and she powered up and connected without a skip to the AT&T network. I was a bit leary before ordering, but have to say, now pleased beyond any expectation! Not a blemish anywhere.
I'm happy with the phone but the only thing was that the charger didn't charge the phone I had to buy a new charger and also I pay extra for shipping but it took longer then the time it said to be shipped .
This superb phone with many features and being a techie, I have fully tested this phone. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Skyrocket S2 phone. Although I paid more to purchase this phone NEW, I am very glad that I did so as it is working wonderfully! My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me (with a 4.5" viewing screen like the S3 has). For me, I keep this phone inside a case and cover and it still fits easily into a rather small purse. And also I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music when I work out. Since the phone is lightweight, it is easy to wear on my waistband (in the storage case).- Unlocked Sim - Yes, the phone I received is NEW and I tested the Sim slot to make sure it was unlocked. First I inserted my neighbors T-Mobile standard Sim card (she has a pre-paid plan with no data plan). I simply popped it into the phone and it worked right out of the box, called someone and it worked great. Sent a text (with no pictures or attachments, just text and went fine). Then I removed her Sim and placed my own AT&T Activated Sim card (Standard sized card). With the T-Mobile and AT&T Sim cards, this phone worked perfectly as the phone is SIM UNLOCKED, the basic AT&T Logo is still there, the original AT&T Apps still there. But you can use say T-Mobile, Straight Talk, or MOST GSM Sim cards should work just fine--just make sure you buy the UNLOCKED ONE not the locked to AT&T one.However, if you want to use anything other than AT&T, please contact me in comments for the APN settings for Data and MMS as I have all the settings.One more thing if it says UNLOCKED rather than International Unlocked, it means that JUST THE SIM CARD SLOT is Unlocked for most GSM Standard Sized Sim Cards but still shows the AT&T Logo on the top front of the phone. Since I did not do anything on my neighbors Sim card but make a quick call and try it for about 30 minutes (she is thinking about buying this phone for herself and using T-Mobile as she does not an AT&T Account). Also, if you use WiFi like I do, no need for data unless you are in an out of WiFi area a lot of the time. For me, I am around WiFi 95 to 99 percent of the time!- LARGE SCREEN WITH GOOD RESOLUTION - This absolutely gorgeous screen measures 4.5 inches (seems larger) and it is just the right sized screen. Before this phone I used to use a Galaxy Note and Grand (both had 5 inch or more screens), both were too big, heavy and bulky. Now, I am using the S2 Skyrocket as the screen is large and has good resolution with 207 ppi (pixels per inch) and higher is better. This has a very sharp screen with easy to read screen. It looks to me as sharp as my old Galaxy Note I did and MUCH MUCH sharper than my Galaxy Grand (which just had 187 ppi and it was not as clear as the S2 Skyrocket) so that extra 20 pixels per inch makes a big difference in my opinion. Again, this screen is so vivid and clear!- STANDARD REGULAR SIZE SIM CARD: This phone has a regular/standard Sim card slot. (Note the S3 regular phone and S4 phones accept a micro Sim. So glad that this phone accepts a regular/standard Sim.-- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the ONE OF THE BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 16GB of Internal space. The 16GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 10.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- CAMERA - The 8MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a very good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.- OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. For me, I use an OTG Micro Adapter (S3 and S4 ones work) and am able to plug in a flash drive, mouse and more. Could not get my portable Hard Disk to work, but flash drives work fine.- NFC (Near Field Communication) has been advertised to work on this phone. Have not yet tried this feature.CONS:- No built in FM Radio like the regular SII has. Not a problem because I installed TuneIn Radio (free) from the Playstore and I can play lots of radio (FM or other) when WiFi is on.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
Awesome phone. Works so well. Wouldn't change anything for it. It works so well. I just love it. Thank you!
This phone is great! I've had it for a while and have had only one problem with it - the SD slot. Sometimes it wouldn't read the SD card. I changed the SD card and it seems to be working just fine now. Lightweight and not too big. I also like that it's white. It cam unlocked, so it's usable on other companies.
but the battery is a little weak. I don't think it's because the previous owner drained it. I think smart phones are just made with weak battery life these days. I ordered from Driven Wireless and they were great. My phone was one day later than expected but they were really on top of the tracking number and had a quick responses!
I was impressed with the size of the screen and all the features this phone has. For the price its better than the competition in phones.
This Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 2 Skyrocket has worked beautifully since it was purchased a few months ago. Although an older model, it was really ahead of it's time with features. It has 4G LTE as well as HSPA+ data speed. It has mostly been used on an AT&T MNVO (Straight Talk) which doesn't offer LTE, but have tried it on AT&T as well.It has good signal and call clarity. Battery life has been fine. It has gotten HEAVY use, especially on WI-FI.The seller, HassleFreeCell, gets 5 stars for service as it was delivered on time and new as described. I have purchased from them before and would again.
Just love it, but the Samsung kies is horrible. Couldn't update my phone to Jellybean threw that horrible program. Had to go to best buy to get it updated. Other than that, its been rock solid and I couldn't be more happy with my phone
My sister ordered this phone as her first smartphone, it works just great and brand new, she uses with a Mexican carrier and works fine. And all for less than 300 it's good.
It's really unlocked, looks nice and works good, just as expected, bought it to bring it to Latin America and haven't found anything bad with it.
This is the third phone I purchased and finally I got it right. It worked with my plan and I couldn't be happier.
it was delivered on time and the phone works great. Battery life seems a little bit short but will make out just fine.
I purchased a new phone and the phone was new and in original package. Phone is what I expected. Very satisfied.
The phone is great but I can't set up the wi-fi, it does nothing, I've tried an app and nothing, other than that great phone.
my samsung is amazing,i have been njoyed this cellphone since i bought and i still having fine with it.100%
I purchased this for my wife for our anniversary. This is her first Smart Phone and she loves it. She learned how to use it pretty quick and is still learning, T he only reason I did not give it 5 stars is, like every other Smart Phone, it has a faster battery drain (you are not going to go 3 days without a charge) and they do not have as good of a signal reception as our older phones. But, you have to give a little to get a lot. I own a lot of Samsung products and this also is not a disappointment.
Compradores en VenezuelaEl vendedor cumplió con la entrega a tiempo en la oficina de envíos a Miami. El equipo llego en perfecto estado y desbloqueado. El único detalle es que la memoria RAM no es de 1GB es de 780 MB sin embargo corre sin ningún problema realice la actualización al android jelly bean y corre muy bien. La calidad de la cámara es excelente 100% recomendado. comparable con el galaxy SII miniThe seller fulfilled delivery on time delivery office in Miami. The team arrived in perfect condition and unlocked. The only detail is that RAM is 1GB if not 780 MB but runs without problems you upgrade to android jelly bean and runs very well. The camera quality is excellent 100% recommended. comparable with the Galaxy SII mini
I had purchased several from people but this actually the first product ,I am writing about. The phone came right before the time I was expected which means that the seller means business, it works well, very good condition, I just LOOOOOOOVE It. Thank you!!
After researching for a good, fair-prized phone to replace my Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone {because it fell down and cracked (but still works ok), and needed something more modern}, I decided to buy Samsung Galaxy s2. I choose it because of it's fairly large screen size, light weight, and versatility applications. So far I'm not disappointed (used it for almost two weeks), performs greatly (no hiccups and switches apps very smoothly). I have even upgraded it the Jelly bean android 4.1.2 version with ease, and it's still working greatly. I only followed the instructions from Samsung support page to the letter!Over all great phone, especially for those who are not ready for Galaxy s3 or 4 yet. This will more than give you what you need- it's all a matter of application! Though I haven't used any of those I'm wondering if there will be much difference in functions. The battery is the problem so far- runs down quickly so that you're constantly charging. Maybe because I use it a lot, and run many applications on it!
LEVEL OF COMFORT IS MORE NOTICEABLE THAN FRACTIONS OF A MILLIMETER, AND WE FELT RIGHT AT HOME WITH THE SKYROCKET.By being a member of the Galaxy S II family, you've already come to know what to expect in the Skyrocket's hardware. The usual suspects are present: 1GB of RAM, an eight megapixel rear camera with an LED flash and 1080p video capture, a two megapixel front-facing camera and a WVGA Super AMOLED Plus display with a tried-and-true RGB matrix. Yet each device that bears Sammy's Galaxy S II logo still adds a few unique characteristics to give it a personality of its own, and the Skyrocket's definitely no exception.The Skyrocket is known as the Samsung Galaxy S II LTE in other parts of the globe for its obvious inclusion of next-generation network connectivity, a feature that certainly helps the phone stand out from the rest of the pack. It, like the HTC Vivid, has the heavy burden of ushering in a new era of smartphones on Ma Bell's lineup -- not unlike the LG CU500, the pioneer for HSDPA (3G) on Cingular a distant five years ago.
Nice cool little phone to have with all the right features, I would recommend this phone to someone else if they asked
Would have given this a 5 stars review but it did not come with the 2 batteries shown in the picture. It was in new condition and came with the ear buds shown, plus 3 different sizes in end caps which was nice. I have T-Mo service so I just popped in my SIM card from my old phone and this new one was good to go. Also, this does not come with a manual, just a "quick start" guide and a "safety and warranty" booklet. It is an ATT unlocked phone so it is preloaded with a bunch of ATT junk that I'm still trying to uninstall. Otherwise this was an excellent buy that I would not hesitate to recommend.....just don't be fooled in thinking you will receive an extra battery like the pic shows. It does come with a USB power cord and A/C adapter plug and one pre-charged battery. The 4G capability of the Skyrocket v. just the Galaxy II is a real plus.
Great phone, just what i wanted. Battery life is aweful though with the faster processor. Looking for a solution to that...
Buy this for a client, so far no complaints, everything is perfect and running at full capacity 100% recommended for anyone looking to buy from this seller Thank you for your good pruduct.
I needed a new phone and didn't want the expense of a new just released phone. I am very pleased with this phone with only a couple issues. I wanted to get the complete manual but have been unable to find one. I also had a Bluetooth issue when using in my car and I was unable to resolve.
Bought this for my wife mothers day gift..she loves it. Size quality and everything else is in perfect..I would recomend it..all I had to do is charge it an put in my bahamas sim and boom!! Phone calls, message etc...love it
PURCHASE WAS A SUCCESS, EVERYTHING COMES AS AGREED MAY RETURN TO DEALING WITH THIS PERSON, FOR ALL MY EXPECTATIONS WERE FULFILLED.
Works great, lighting fast great battery life and with android 4.1.2 jelly bean it woks wonderfully :) If you don't already own a samsung galaxy S phone then get one now!!! :)
I am satisfied with the item, just some detail, but I can think that its a system error...A few times the display it showed some colors lines, and the camera it shows an "camera error"...It was turned off sometimes for no reason apparently
so far excellent phone for only att unlocked service and android 4.0 ICS, really enjoy it with WI-FI keep up good work and hope the seller did good job for 5 star rate
Great phone when it was put out it's a great phone now my kids love it it's durable
Perfect, preferred this used smartphone over any from Samsung at this price.
thanks
It works very well
Excellent,Excellent, product100% meets my expectationsExcellent, productMeets my expectations 100% suitable for the whole web bien muy bien
Purchased it to work on Straight talk ATT. Best cell phone I ever had. Works well with Straight Talk. The SMS integrated in the phone did not send photos so I downloaded Handcent and it works perfectly.
Oct 23, 2013 WAIT before you read my original review I have new data. I was unable to lock onto an LTE signal using this phone. I went to the T-Mobile store and they said that is correct, that unlocked phones usually won't work on T-Mobile's LTE network. I then contacted the vendor Extra Virgin Tech and they sent email back confirming the weakness. I'm checking now to see if I can return the phone.I have read, for those brave enough to delve into this world, that you can "jailbreak" the phone and correct this issue. While I am tech savvy and feel I could pull this off I'm not willing to do so because I'm simply evaluating the T-Mobile coverage and am not sure if I will continue down this path.Original Reivew...We are in the process of converting over from Verizon where we've been using simple feature phones for a few years. T-Mobile offers cheaper plans and we are converting to smartphones. This Skyrocket purchase is part of that conversion.I received my Skyrocket from Extra Virgin Tech the next day as promised by the Amazon Prime next day service. It was packaged like new and proved to be brand new when I opened and examined the contents of the box.This phone is labeled AT&T at the top but was supposed to be unlocked as I want to use it on T-Mobile. I took it to the local T-Mobile store for them to help me switch my service from a Nokia Lumia 521 running Windows Phone 8 (more on that later) to the Skyrocket. I had to buy a new SIM card because the Nokia has a microSIM while the Skyrocket has a regular (full sized?) SIM. Unfortunately after the store tech switched my account we discovered the phone was locked.I emailed Extra Virgin Tech for an unlock code and, after waiting for the weekend to pass, they sent me a code which worked. I'm now able to use the phone on T-Mobile and have both sent and received test calls. I have also been able to use the T-Mobile 4G service to use the internet.This is a lot of phone for the money.Weighing 4.66 oz. it is only 1/2 oz. heavier than the iPhone 5S which only has a 4" screen. I notice the extra weight in my pocket because I've been carrying an iPod Touch 5th gen in that pocket for about a year and it weighs only 3.04 oz. I'll get used to it. At least I will only have to carry the Skyrocket now rather than a feature phone and the iPod Touch.The Skyrocket is beautiful with a great AMOLED display, although it is lower resolution than many newer phones. For some reason, perhaps it is AMOLED technology, the display won't turn down as low in brightness as I'd like.The volume out of the rear speaker is loud enough but distorts at max volume. I found I could get more volume out of the phone by going into the equalizer and turning up all frequency bands.The camera works great although there is quite a shutter button lag. I swear it must be about 1 second from button push to capture. The LED flash is very bright. I haven't done a full evaluation on the camera quality yet.Buttons:The power button is located on the upper right side and the volume rocker is located across from the power button on the left side. I find this not to be ideal. When I want to use either button it is too easy to push the button on the opposite side. If I'm holding the phone in my left hand and trying to change the volume it is too easy to turn the Skyrocket off for example.I do like the four touch sensitive buttons below the screen. Some like a physical button but I like the touch sensitive button as I think it will be more reliable over time. I've had, as others have had, problems with the start button on my iPod Touch devices.The phone has a user replaceable battery, the only way I'll buy a smartphone. This proves to be important because one of the biggest weaknesses of the phone is it tends to burn through the battery quick enough that I think it may be challenging to get through a whole day. I am a heavy user but don't make too many phone calls. It's mostly internet usage over the WiFi at home. Just today I left home with the phone 100% charged and one hour later, with no usage, the battery had dropped to 88% - and I had the WiFi turned off at the time.As I said we have been using feature phones and iPod Touch iOS devices for a few years. So we have quite a bit of experience with iOS. There are things I like about Apples operating system but the lack of user customization really irked me. I would recommend an iPod Touch, iPad, or iPhone to someone who isn't too tech savvy, like my sister. Someone who is more tech savvy though could be frustrated as I was with iOS. iOS 7 was a huge disappointment to me with the new "flat" design. It was time to move away from Apple.I found T-Mobile has some very interesting plans. For the exact same Verizon $90/month we've been spending for three feature phones with no data, we can now have phone/text/internet service for three smartphones. T-Mobile's cell coverage has been weak but that has changed in 2013. It still doesn't have the coverage of Verizon or AT&T but it may just work for us.I first purchased the Nokia Lumia 521 from WalMart for $99 to try out the T-Mobile service. It has Windows Phone 8 which I liked, and I liked the phone too. It took only a few minutes to figure out the Windows Phone 8 user interface. I figured out 100% of the phone in about two hours. Unfortunately Windows Phone 8 isn't ready for prime time. Give me a break the brightness can only be set to LOW-MEDIUM-HIGH with no slider. Also there is a single volume control for all functions (radio/mp3/alarms/ringer/etc.) But the killer was there were two or three critical apps that are not available on Windows Phone 8 so I had to make the jump to Android.Android WOW!I'm blown away by the user customization of the Skyrocket/Android. I've spent many hours with it and I think I've discovered only about 70% of what it can do.A big issue for me is how easy it is to control the screen brightness. First keeping it low saves battery power but of course I have to make it brighter when using it outside and I like to turn it all the way down when I use it in bed at night. I found an option Settings->Status Bar->Brightness Control that lets you change the brightness by sliding your finger across the Status Bar. For me this is great.I spent quite a bit of time duplicating the way icons and folders were set up on my iPod Touch. This may or may not be ideal but it is the easiest way for me to transition from iOS to Android. I was mostly able to pull this duplication off. The difference is the apps, from the same organization, don't work the same way on iOS and Android. For example the USA Today news app is quite different on the two platforms while it could be identical. I think the iOS version is better. I don't understand why there would be differences.As I've only had the Skyrocket for 4 days now I will have more to add after I've had it for a while and will report back here.
Nice phone but did not get original earphone and USB cord. That handicapped me in using this phone as I intented to.
Now I have had 3 phones in the last year and this by far is the best one. It does not have tiles or is big as a tablet, but it works when I press the keys. I do not have to keep restarting it and the sun does not affect the phone which is great. Brilliant colors and great free apps. Great volume and the music clarity is awesome.
I got a unopened new product as it said on time. It is also S2 i727 with LTE, not i777.I like it so far.
The cellphone was like new, i give it a 10 of 10, no scratches, all works properly, so i cant complain
Phone works perfectly though most of the paint on the side trim were scratch off but i was able to hide it with the case cover so it looks good now. So love the 4g feature of the phone.
This phone arrived as advertised,new, in perfect working order. It has the same setup as my Samsung tablet and was easy to put in apn settings for my own provider. The camera is awesome and screen size and quality are great! Very fast response time. This phone takes a regular sim card and mini for extra memory.
Phone was in excellent condition. Shipping was FAST!! When I get ready for my next Samsung I know exactly where to come!!I love this phone:) Great purchase!
It took firmware upgrade easily.Nice shape and color.Good processor and fast.And the seller shipped the item before the expected delivery date.Works fine with ultra,T-mobile,simplemobile etc. You'll need to charge the battery at least twice.After using more than two months,I think I can give it 3.8 star out of 5.Camera feature is cool.Sound clarity at its best.
While the Galaxy SII Slkyrocket has been replaced by the S3 and S4, the old Skyrocket is still a great phone. It can be upgraded to the Jelly Bean operating system, which modernized the interface quite a bit.
Love my Galaxy skyrocket 2 !! Great everything great buy. . . at first i was skeptical about buying but im in love now.
Good
mom loves her phone!
Excellent Product...100% recommended
Phone in excellent condition
Excellent Very good condition
todo en perfecto estado y funcionamiento, por qué tengo que escribir este montón de palabras si solo quiero calificar al vendedor
Excelente celular muy bueno practico cumplió con todas mis expectativas me encanta no tuvo errores ni daño muy bueno y elegante
I was afraid of the product, it is the first time that I bought a phone here, and let me tell you, the packaging was perfect, the phone really was unlocked as the tittle and the seller told me, it came perfect, brand new, and even with android 4.0 perfect phone, really recommended to anyone that want a great phone with ice cream sandwich
This phone is everything I could want in a smartphone. It's very fast, sharp, apps are great, price was right and the Walmart $45 dollar a month for unlimited talking, texting and internet is amazing. Plus you can easily transfer apps to a 32 GB micro SD card.
A marvelThe team I have had for 15 days and it really is a wonder! I'm in Venezuela and I have data plan with Movilnet and while still in my state does not lift the 4G, 3G connection literally flies. I can not qualify with 5 stars in functionality while charging the battery has a long life and the music player is a bit annoying to use because you have to put song by song but I attribute that to my inexperience in the world of smartphones. Furthermore actually clarified SGH I727 is the case even when it is specified I777. I really really recommend buying this computer because vendedpr eyes closed is very responsible and worthwhile experience in android
This phone is awesome. And the seller was extremely polite and eager to ensure satisfaction. Although the title says that this phone is "unlocked", the phone I received was not. I had to spend some cash to get the phone unlocked. When I told the seller about it, they instantly refunded me for the inconvenience. I recommend this product because this phone is unlike any phone I have ever had. I'm somewhat new to these kind of phones. Definitely hassle-free. Enjoy!
good condition according to web offering. I think the battery has some wear and it'll be necessary to change it soon, but is normal conviction
Today i have received this phone. This is my first smart phone and it is amazing. Today i have received this phone. This is my first smart phone and it is amazing.
the resolution is so high.I really like it. works good and smooth. I bought it used. there are some cosmetic imperfections on the back that was mentioned by the seller. it came really fast on expedited shipping with a few bucks more. but it is worth the money i paid. I like it.
This phone is super cool. Its my first android phone. It has great memory,easy to manage settings and a very nice camera. The shipping was free and it came with the original box and the typical phone package accessories.
very good
Excellent
I like but don't was unloked
Love it
I ordered this phone used from SonnerSoft Electronics & was overall very pleased with my order! For an older Samsung Galaxy S series model, it can handle some heavy apps & games, with few exceptions, It's almost completely bug & glitch free as long as you know how to use it properly (I recommend getting a security app like Malwarebytes because, well, Android gets viruses) It came in the exact condition theey described save for one thing...The battery had a short-ish life since I got it used, and when I reported this to SonnerSoft, they were prompt in refunding me enough to get a new battery!Very pleased with my purchase & I recommend this phone for anyone wanting a smartphone that's cheap but still as awesome as the current models.
I am so happy I chose to buy a Galaxy. The operating system is easy (jelly bean), and fast. If Samsung keeps making them like this I will continue to buy them.
I received my phone today. It arrived unlocked as promised in the original Samsung packaging. All I had to do was pop in my SIM card and turn it on. Maneuvering the device is simple. The display is sharp and of great quality. It was very securely packaged. I love it and am glad I chose to purchase it.
works awesome no problems what all ever except the fact that it over heats from time to time but I guess that's normal
i got this phone about 6 months now and i have not had a problem with the phone it works well with my carrier as i am in the Caribbean never one day has it given me any issues.
Phone works perfectly with Net10s byop. Just change your APN settings and you're texting and surfing in no time. MMS works also.
Great phone. Does everything I want and I was able to use it with a low price carrier with no problems.
MY GIRL JUST LOVE THIS PHONE CAME UNLOCK AND READY TO USE RIGHT OUT THE BOX AND WITH HSPD ITS SUPER FAST
I bought this phone used back in June 2013 and I love it! Even with it being used it has been a wonderful phone and still going strong. It has good battery life, the camera takes amazing pics and sound quality is great. When I decide to upgrade again it will be a Samsung phone!
the telephone is fully functional, the battery lasts about 2 days with normal usage, the camera is not as I expected, in the low light photos looks bad even with the flashlight
Received this phone the other day and it's exactly what I needed. It is a refurbished phone but it's in excellent condition. No scratches or visible sign of use. Came in original box with all necessary accessories. All I had to do was slip my already owned and active AT&T sim card (from a broken phone I was replacing with this one) into the slot and voila! Back to business as usual. Didn't need to contact AT&T, unlock or register anything online, etc. It just works period. And is set for service in the United States, east coast to be specific. Thanks for excellent service and a perfect product. Please be advised that you may want to double check but I'm almost positive that this phone will only work with an AT&T plan and not T-MOBILE. I was told that the Skyrocket version of the Galaxy S2 was exclusive to AT&T. I am confident that it will 100% work great on AT&T networks but if you have any other cell carriers call them first and ask if the Skyrocket can be activated on their network. I'm pretty sure the answer is no. Hope this helps anyone interested. =)
Just got my new phone and love it for sure. Great price and does all I want plus more. Would recommend this product over and over again
Excelent Phone it give me a lot of good memories, samsung needs to produce it again :D
Great phone, unlocked as advertised. Is fast and easy to use. I recommend
good
love my phone . i wanted to wait and use it for a bit bedore i wrote review. works great . came brand nee in box.
Excellent
bought it as a gift. My nephew requested it. He is happy with it.
excelente
Good product
Phone was new in the box. Bought from "The Wireless Circle". This is a very good phone. Really nice. Everything is working perfect, so far.
Good quality. Fast. No problems.
nicee
WORKS WELL SO FAR
fine very responsible
this is a very good phone I would recommend it to anyone
good phone
Phone works very good a couple of screen glitches but very good
excellent. good.
Excellent!
good
Good S2 skyrocket nice display and good battery life.
great phone great deal!
No good
great
perfect
I was pleased that the phone arrived as shown in the photo. All of the accessories were also included in the box and I'm really enjoying this phone. I will definitely work with this provider again in the future.
Excellent
Hi, it purchased this phone for my boyfriend for his birthday present. He loves it.
Great Phone for the money
Excellent mobile I recieve it like new as describe.
very very good
I had an iPhone before the Galaxy S II Skyrocket, and the Skyrocket blows the iPhone out of the water. Love this phone.
It's been a few months and my phone has held up great. Rooted with a custom ROM and works beautifully. Did have some scratching but this was in the description. Came with new back piece, battery and screen protector already applied.
If it hadn't been for the USPS then I would have received it in time. Phone works great I received it for a great price too
Excelent phone and condition.
FOUR STARS
Perfect phone for me! Fast shipping!
It was ok
I rarely make expensive purchases on amazon for used products because I am always weary about the condition the product will be in when it arrives at my door. Since I was reluctant to buy a new phone because they ridiculously expensive, I had no choice to go used with a Galaxy S II. This product more than exceeded my expectations.
perfect
The headset jack did not work. Have to replace the module.Otherwise, everything is fine
Purchaed this for my son, he loved his first smart phone.
very good phone unlocked for all GSM regular sim card like t-mobil ,at&t,digicel,ultra mobil,sample mobil ect .I buy this phone i like it ,the seller is very good the name is BB.I want to buy a second for my my friend.thank you amozon
this phone. me gusta.
great phone great service
Exellent phone...
yes its
as expected
Wonderful buy
Excellent still since 2010
I love the Samsung Galaxy phones but I needed an emergency replacement. I ordered one and had it shipped overnight. When I opened the box, it was missing a new SIM card, an image was burned into the screen, and the battery was bad (wouldn't hold a charge). I was very disappointed. The phone is great. Battery usage is not the best when you leave the background updates option on. I turn that off and do updates manually about once a week.
I like this phone, but there is two problems with these android phones, battery life is short and the memory is never enough to hold all the apps made on the phone plus any additional downloads I want to add.
Iphone is just overated. This cel phone is waaaay too good for the price you are paying. It run perfect!
Best phone I've owned yet. Came with all the accessories listed in description. No problems, no complaints, no bull. Two thumbs up. :)
I waited a while to review this, because it was rather an adjustment from Apple to Android. But now I find this phone easy to use and the apps just as useful if not more so. I needed an AT&T compatible device that would use a go-phone account and this one did the job without a hitch.
This phone is so sweet! It is fast and smooth in operation. It so easy to use and the size is easy to see.Best phone have ever had so I am very happy.
Hasta ahora todo muy bien con el producto y el servicio fué muy bueno, por lo tanto recomiendo al vendedor.
Greetings from venezuela, excelente producto, fue enviado correctamente, en buen estado y el equipo funciona perfectamentep.d: esperaba que viniera con audifonos
This is by far the best phone I have owned so far.It's fast and responsive. So far no complaints. Two thumbs up!
Best phone I have ever had! I will never go back to iphone. This phone just has so many great things, I don't know where to start! Very very very please with this phone!
phone is working proper and i have no problem so far. the phone is in good condition. was a good buy
it is high quality super disign, awsome excellent item. thanks. I am really happy and lucky to have it. super.
LOVEEEE this telephone, i had never have problems with it, really the price is nothing for this telephone i recommend it!
its not the newest thing out there... but i have not had any issues with it. I like this phone and maybe one day.. when this is broken i will get another galaxy model.
exelente producto
Good phone for the money.
Good
love it
This is a good device for the price. It has everything I need.
excelente
Perfectas condiciones
Thank you
Very nice high quality
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Just as described thanks!!
Nice phone.
The mobile came as shown in the images. Works fine. If you use the phone constantly the battery lasts one day approximately. No comes with hands free.
Samsung Galaxy was exactly as he mentioned and received it really fast. Great business guy. When I let him know that he sent me the wrong charger, he sent me the correct charger. Thanks again for your business it was a pleasure and I love the phone and is working like new.
I've bought it in doubt if it really is a good smartphone like the iPhone. I'm way surprised with the functionality, with the Android (I was afraid of him), etc. He is stabile, super easy to administrate, user friendly, it's a great acquisition. It's very very quick, impressive!
Great phone. It works with Simple Mobil sim card pre paid and Tmobile. Great for taking abroad. This is an international phone. Great , but not least, the sellers are prompt ,and patient as to answering questions and helping you set your phone. Thanks for your prompt assistance.
The speed of Skyrocket is very much visible.The screen is big enough to see videos and games. No time you will feel that the hardware of the Phone is letting you down.And special thanks to SurgeTelecom from where I bought the product, they delivered the product before time (for free).superb seller, I would recommend the seller to all the guys who want to buy online from Amazon.
This is my first Android phone and I am really happy about it. It is fast and screen is beautiful and bright but the battery life is something else! I activated this unlocked phone with T-Mobile's incredible hard to beat 4G monthly prepaid $30 a month plan with 100 minutes but unlimited text and data...I am hooked with this phone and don't want to put it down!!! Poor me but I am a really happy camper. Thanks Samsung for the best phone and T-Mobile for the best no contract 4G monthly plan that none of AT&T or other GSM carriers offerred for smartphones.
i order the phone on July 9 and as expected within 3 days and was sent quickly and in perfect condition The phone is the same as the description, any doubts were resolved instantly and effectively and helpfully, the phone is in perfect condition as to how I expected! It is certainly a seller of high trust! No doubt if you need something else not hesitate to buy from this seller!
Purchased this phone before leaving the US for use in India, and I must say that I am very satisfied by the overall transaction. The product met all the expectations and arrived a day before the given date. I would certainly recommend this product to others as well as the seller.
I recommend it 100% serious, andresponsible, the product arrived just the wayspecification, which is a wine ifspot on the screen that was what Ipleasure, the phone is in good working
Exelente trabajo, pese a ser alguien desconocido, cumplio con la puntualidad establecida en la comprar, llego en perfexto estado, sigue asi!!
Excelente condiciones de entrega del producto, llego en buenas condiciones y tal como fue descrito por el vendedor, estoy conforme con la mercancia
El producto nuevo todo en perfecto orden llegó a tiempo en el tiempo estipulado y justo lo que se queria gracias
nice phone I do have HTC evo design and I just try to compare I think Samsung is faster but not by much
The seller was VERY helpful and efficient when I had questions about my phone. This phone is working great right now!! It is very light-weight, and the speed is amazing as well! Definitely worth buying.
I spent a lot of time searching for the best unlocked phone with the most bang for the buck (and on a budget). I dread the idea of being locked into a 2-year contract and paying high monthly service fees. I use PureTalk USA, which I have been very pleased with. They piggy back on the AT&T Go Network (GSM) and offer a lot more for your money. I upgraded from an unlocked/rooted HTC HD2 running Jelly Bean (which developed a bad charging port) and it was like moving from a Prius to a Porsche with respect to performance. I paid $380 for mine (at the beginning of January) and used $200 in Amazon Rewards, so I picked it up for $180. If money was no object, I would have bought an S3. To be honest, I probably would have bought a used one on eBay for $100 less, but I wanted to use my Amazon Rewards to bring the price down. But used ones can easily be over $300 anyway. In the end, I was glad to have a brand new one rather than a used one. Enough of that about shopping. I'm super happy with this phone.I was glad it arrived as it was described. Sometimes with products like this you don't always receive exactly what is listed. I would recommend contacting the seller first to confirm and ask questions. For example, if the phone wasn't unlocked it would have been a real pain to deal with. (FYI - there are several different versions of the S2 out there, both GSM and CDMA. Know what you are buying.) While I was waiting for it to arrive, I scoured the forums at XDA Developers for how to root it and install custom ROMs. As soon as the phone arrived and it was charged up, I rooted it and installed the newest CyanogenMod 10 nightly (which has been extremely stable for me). It went like a charm and took about 15 minutes. Jelly Bean is smooth and fast! I then put on a screen protector.Considering my move from a dinosaur, I haven't found anything I don't like yet about the phone. The screen is amazing. I like the slightly larger screen of the Skyrocket compared to some other models of S2 that are out there. The phone seems to hit a sweet spot in size. It's starting to look a little small compared to some of the newer phones coming out, but it's still very portable and you don't have to start thinking about how you are going to carry it around. You can go to the store and actually see what they look like since it's still for sale. I can use the screen in bright sun. It's not great, but it's visible. I generally like that it doesn't have hardware buttons, but I sometimes wish it had a button to end calls. Other than that, I like the smooth clean front.The camera works very well (8MP). I haven't spent much time with the camera so I can't tell how it compares to a real camera, but when I want pictures I normally use a real camera and to me phone cameras are just for quick snapshots. The front camera (2MP) works fine too. I've got plenty of free memory with my added 32G microsd card. BTW, the phone has a 2G partition that it takes from the internal memory for installing the OS and programs, which I find is more than adequate. I'm impressed with the sound this cranks out. It almost sounds better than my Vaio laptop. If you are concerned about battery life, it seems to be about average for a phone like this which means you need to start the day with a full charge. Juice Defender is an app that can help stretch it out for you.After three weeks of using it, I have found the call quality to be generally very good and clear. The earpiece volume could be a little bit louder, but I use speaker phone a lot anyway. This might vary depending upon what OS you are using. Some calls aren't so good, but that's probably the network connection and not the phone. The phone does register as HSPA+ on the PureTalk (AT&T Go Network) which is like 3G+ and provides data speeds that are fast enough to be useful (doubtful for streaming video). There are several companies that provide similar phone service on the AT&T Go Network. I think it would run at full 4G speed if I wanted to pay AT&T more than twice as much for regular monthly service.PROS:Flexibility being unlockedScreen is big and bright and clearSound is loud and clearCall quality very goodCamera is goodFront facing camera does work with Skype (I tested it)Fast and smoothCons:4G speed only available with AT&T or T-Mobile. It will work with T-Mobile, but do some research on how to set it up.[Note: I read some places that the phone uses a micro (mini) SIM and that confused me because other places said it used a regular SIM. Mine uses a regular SIM and I think they all do, but I could be mistaken. There is a tool you can purchase to cut it down to size if necessary. Also, I could take this phone overseas and pop in a local SIM card and it would work just fine.]
Good Phone as described in the page, arrived just in time. Perfect unlocked phone with big touch screen an powerful processor, very fast response.
It worked out fine. It is a temp cell while I wait for my upgrade.
Love it
Excelente telefono
So good!T moble prepaid using now
Good deal.
Great deal, us old guys need a little extra time to work through it. My granddaughter was a great help, I'm a pro at it now and I love the phone.Thanks "Amazon"... :)
I bought this phone September 28th 2013 as a birthday gift to myself. When it came to me everything was there that needed to be. The only thing that I did not like about the delivery was that it seemed as though it took a long time to finally get to me. Once I received the phone I went to my wireless carrier with the phone and they automatically connected it for me. The phone worked very well. Now that the phone has gotten older it is slower but that is to be expected. Considering the fact that I am a person who drops their phone almost 3 times a day I think that this is a fairly sturdy phone. I have three cracks on my screen but that is to be expected from someone like me. The only thing that I truly dislike about this phone is that it won't let me do system updates on it and that now it keeps having this voice talk up pop up at all times of the day. Another big thing about this phone is that it became very glitchy on me, and now will freeze then restart on its own. As of recently I will have to start the phone over sometimes in order for it to charge Phone is very sturdy and has been a great phone to me for as long as I have had it. Due to the glitches (which may have been caused by me dropping it) and the charging problem I now am going to get a new phone, but all in all this phone was very good. JUST DON'T DROP IT!!!!
I have had my phone for about two weeks now and I am loving it. because it is my first smartphone I had to get a new sim card from AT&T, but as an out of contract customer this was provided at no cost to me. I am still trying to learn all of the bells and whistles and as it has been on the market for several years I'm sure there are other phones out there that have a lot more bling, but this one is good for me. the only real con I have found is because it is an older model phone I cannot find the type case and screen protector I want for the phone.. but I have a cute case on it (not so great for protection ) and hopefully since I have a quite lifestyle the screen will not need a protector. I tried the film kind and they did not work very well. For someone like me who just wants a good basic smart phone that has good internet features for accessing things like facebook and e-mail.. weather.. maps etc. it is a very good phone for the money. Looks great as well.. I love the white color.(especailly with my pink case)
It is a great phone if you take care of it, the only bad point is that the battery in this moment (I bought it 8 months) is starting to fail.
This is my second SII. The screen went on the first one. Would have replaced just the screen but the price is almost as much as a new phone. This would be my only complaint, but it is likely true of all touch phones. It arrived on time and exactly as it was described in the listing. There is an at&t logo on the front but it is unlocked. Both my T-mobile and Canadian Rogers SIMs work fine in it. The battery life is 24-36 hrs which is adequate.
The phone is designed well - The screen is a good size, it can run all the apps I use - which is quite a few and some of them require serious processing, and it's LTE capability doesn't disappoint. For a phone several years old it's awesome. Battery life is poor, though, so I had to purchase spare batteries.
This phone works greats and I have no complaints. I was with ATT and it got to expenseive. I use this phone for a no contract unlimited everything with Straight Talk. FABULOUS! I did have one problem though, I could not receive picture text messages. I could send anything in a text, I just could not receive a pic message. This was an issue with the provider, NOT the phone. However, I downloaded "Hangouts" app for text messageing and it worked perfectly. I love this phone. If you are looking for a phone that can help you manage your life with 1000's of apps, that is reasonably priced, this is it.
I will be travelling with this phone soon.So far i have nothing bad to say about this phone.It is working well. I will recommend it to anyone looking to buy aSamsung phone.
I love my phone. Didn't want the Galaxy 3, didn't like the look of it. Couldn't afford the iPhone 5, but I wanted a smartphone so I can check my email, look up directions, get on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. There are a lot of pre-installed apps that I love. Its sleek, with a a nice frame, and I like that it doesn't freeze up. I dropped it a few times so far no scratches no scrapes. Overall a really good phone, glad I bought it.
En lo que respecta al producto esta en buenas condiciones. Para recivir en destino se demoró un poco de lo previsto, incluso tuve que ir a retirar en las oficinas de correo.Exelente el celular...
El producto llegó antes de la fecha estimada y en caja sellada, excelente servicio. Compré 2 equipos y estoy muy contenta con mi compra. Haré mis próximas compras con ellos de nuevo!
I bought this for the Simple Mobile monthly phone plan of 40$ a month for unlimited text, phone, and internet. The phone works perfectly with the service. I highly recommend both!
acabo de adquirir este telefono y es grandioso. lo recomiendo. me lo enviaron rapidamente y esta funcionando muy bien. es excelente telefono y el servicio tambien
The item is exactly as described. I live in South Africa and use the unlocked phone here and works perfectly. Unpaid shipment took a while, but phone arrived;) Love the phone and would use this company again for purchases.
From I have purchased this I can say that this was a great buy. I am an international buyer and I am skeptical about purchasing certain phones because some don't work like they should in my country. However this AT&T Samsung galaxy s2 has yet to give me any problems. It works anywhere in the world allowing u to connect to. 4G network and has features that will entertain anyone. If you encounter any issues just shut it off, take out the battery for a minute. Once it is powered back on you are good to go. A great buy for anyone living outside the U.S.
Great Quality!. Thanks a lot! the color, and all of it. Great power in a good price! I recomend it
This is the best phone I have ever had. It may me a dual core but this thing is fast. This phone excels on 4gLTE. Its screen is big enough to give you rich detail on apps but not so big that it keeps falling out of your hand. The led flash can brighten up the darkest room
The phone was delivered on time and it's everything I expected. The phone has a great camera. The only thing I dislike about the phone is the difficulty to find cases for it in store. I had to order them online and won't receive them for several more days.
Excellent phone for straight talk perfect, just want I wanted, cell phone companies should do this instead of $90 monthly service and a price break on a phone, i've got $360.00 into this phone with sim and accessories , but my monthly is only $41.33, for unlimited everything, sweetness
I've always liked Samsung phones and this one is the best I've had.If you're looking for an unlocked GSM cellphone, BUY THIS ONE.You will not regret it.
Brand new as described using with straight talk all you had to do add a new APN I copied it off my old phone 4G fast lot of bloatware from AT&T put it all in a folder so I don't have to look at got the phone three days earlier than expected been using it for a week or so no problems no issues I think this is a great buy
Even though there are new versions of the Galaxy series phone; this is still a great phone....once recieved; all i did was insert my current sim card from my carrier and configured new APN setting to receive data and BAM! works perfect...with a new software update; phone works perfect, thank you...
This Samsung is extremnely fast . Can do just about anything with it. Several draw backs - since I did have an Apple 4 previously ( Did not replace Apple 4 which was stolen because of cost differential) Samsung is not as user freindly in addition when using the unit outside in daylight it is extremely difficult to see because of glare. Indoors the resolution is great .
I'm a big fan of the GALAXY'S! Anyways this phone is great, its 4.5 inch screen is perfect to watch videos or movies. The camera quality is great and also the front camera quality is good. It also records videos in HD. I love this phone because its very fast and it doesn't slow down if I have various apps running at the same time. Only problem I had was that the phone wasn't unlocked when I received it. I called my seller and they kindly provided the unlock code. If your buying this phone buy it from WIRELESS EXPERTS they have good customer service.
I choose this product because of its look, functionality, and compact.This is what every educated person can use, it is friendly in usage.Most of my friends are willing to procure the handset.
tremendo telefono, mi hija esta fascinada con el tiene un procesador rapido y una capacidad como nola he visto en otro
EXCELLENT
It does the job it was intended for. I also bought one for my Galaxy S4 phone, not a working phone, but it did not work well. I couldn't get the bubbles out of it.. I had to take it off. .
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
very good
Good
Perfect phone thats why i purchase 3 pcs
This is really the best phone I have ever owned. The seller took the time to answer all my questions honestly and I was and am impressed with the phone. Love it, Love it, Love it.
So far, this has been a good phone, and works with my SIM card. It comes with CyanogenMod installed over Android. That wasn't mentioned in the product ad, and I think it should have been. I have had some experience with CyanogenMod in the past, and I'm happy with it, but others may not be. That's why I think it should be mentioned in the advertising. It wouldn't have been a deal breaker for me, though. One issue I have with it is, Bluetooth doesn't have the option to auto answer the phone when active. You still have to manually acknowledge an incoming call, which almost defeats the purpose of hands free operation. The Android system does have that feature, but apparently CyanogenMod has either eliminated it or hidden it. I can't find it.The battery life is about what I expected for this type of phone. Depending on usage, I have to charge it every day. I did buy a spare battery (Anker 2200Ah Li-on), and would highly recommend any purchaser of any type of smart phone to do the same.
I like this phone, use it with Straight talk. I do not like the way the text messaging is set up but that's a personal preference. I got mine from Good Guy Electronics. The issue I had was the battery would fully charge but then die without notice when it reached about 50%. I contacted them and the next morning they sent back message saying they would send me a new battery same day so hope that fixes the issue!
awsome screen takes awsome pics and it has good battery life as well and it white i hate black phones the show scratches badley.
I love my samsung galaxy, the camara is perfect, the size is exactly that I need, I am still looking for a case, good seller, I would like to do business with him again.
I did a great purchase! Excellent condition, excellent price. I really recommend the phone and the seller. Plus, they contacted me few days after the purchase to ask for my oppinion and offering help in case of any problem. The charger does not work, to be honest, but it's not a big deal since I have lots of chargers at home.I insist. great phone, great seller. Buy it...
After browsing for several models of phone i compared this one with the S3 and it has minimal differences, the resolution is awesome as well as the way it execute the apps, having this will give you a really useful tool for the next 4 o 5 year i would say...maybe longer
I Love my Samsung Galaxy Sll !Great with size and is so easy to use! I would also use future purchases from Device Demon! Wonderful person to purchase from. Very honest, trustworthy and reliable.
I loved this product, was searching for a reduced cost Samsung Galaxy S2 but the Skyrocket blew me over. My only complaint is that this product did not come with the two extra batteries as seen in the product picture. I think the seller may have intentionally done this.The product description does not mention any accessories so complaining would of been futile. Product is new without any scratches, comes with headphones, charger and AT&T box with "Startup" Instructions. Due to it being an AT&T unlocked phone it does have a lot of AT&T apps but without much hassle can be uninstalled. Changed the Mobile Network settings to my current carriers easily. I would of given 5 stars if it came with the 2 extra batteries.
This phone is great, a good choice today, better than SIII mini but it's charger is the worst, is slow and sometimes it doesn't work
I just recieved my phone today and so far so good. The 4g is really fast and everything is working properly. I really love this phone. The only draw back was that I received it a day later than the estimated arrival time, but rather than that I am a very satisfied customer. Also, switching to this phone was easy, I just placed my SIMS card in it and my service automatically switched over to it. I would definitely recommend this phone, and the price is a great buy as well.
The cellphone is perfect for me!!It came completely unlocked and in the color I wanted.Is the perfect size... and the applications wrks really good!!
I like the product. But I don't like the warranty policy and the live chat customer services. I asked them how to find out the warranty through the IMEI, I chat with 3 of them, each one gives me different answer ...Apple can go to a website, type in IMEI and see the warranty.
was good. my mom went back home and the fun worked she didnt need to pay somebody to unlocked. was good.
It's almost the Samsun siii with the same apps I love the size not to big not to small perfect
Well it's almost what I expected thanks
excellent
very goob
fully working condition
excelent 100% + + + + +
very-very good
everything is good
excelent
It was a great deal.
Great+++++++!
perfect
Awesome!
I am satisfied with my S.G. S2 skyrocket purchase. GOOD phone.
It's a very good phone and everybody must one.
Excelent
I had good experience Good condition and good working as described in article all is ok. Good good good thanks
I love this phone. I love the size and weigh of it. I just think that it can be a bit cheaper, but I love that it's completely unlocked.
I had a very good experience,my skyrocket came on fifth day,phone looked flawless,worls flawless,i would absolutely recommend us wireless as a good source,thank you us wireless, Ellis
I bought it a week ago and so far so good.Since I changed the OS to Kit Kat (unofficial) by means of this ROM: [...]The only thing I notice is an abnormal battery drain, but I estimate to be the unofficial ROM.Overall this phone filled my expectations and I am happy to have purchased.
Beautiful phone! Is in perfect condition. It came when it was supposed to. I would definitely recommend this seller and will buy from them again. I have the Samsung Galaxy S II by Sprint and it is the same size phone but they are different. The camera is in the same position on the back but the speaker is on the opposite side so when ordering a case for the Att phone you have to pay attention to this. This is the Skyrocket and it is different then other Galaxy SII's. It is a fantastic phone and I am glad I purchased it.
I like this phone very much I had a Samsung Exibhit 2 before thats why you can see that I like it a lot... bigger screen and fast. I had no problems with it yet but i'm hoping I wont have any... they delivered it on time. Overall I'm very happy with the phone for this price. Excelente Telefono me gusta mucho.
as described
as described
Excellent Cellphone. It's very nice.
Nice
Nice phone, has everything I need and cost if quarter of newest model. Works as a charm.
Stylish and fastSmart and fast, but I do not like volume and power keys on opposite sides. because when I press the power button also I press the volume key
It's not good for Tmobile user because it does not have some band that tmobile runs on. It works on tmobile but data reception in very poor other than the areas where LTE availble. I returned it beacuse I was tmobile user and didn't have LTE reception at home.
I received the phone in a timely manner. After a few snafus created by NET10, it works great. Just needed to update to latest Android version.
Fast,bright phone, not too big for my female hand.Too lightweight of phone therefore I bought at once for it a cover. It is convenient to read books FB2.Well catches wi fi, I watch transfer online.I bought more than six months ago, still all ok! I am happy!
I have straight talk & this phone is great with this carrier. All I had to do is charge the battery & insert my sim card.
The phone came to me as it was in the description, fine, so far everything is working me in perfect condition. Thank you....
It arrived on time, and the cell phone was brand new. I am using it in south america, it is working perfectly. It was unblock and in its correct box with everything! I am really happy with my order and I strongly recommend this cell phone.!
I initially was not sure whether that was the right item. I chose to try it anyhow. It is serving my needs. But the product was not identified as coming from AT&T. I am nevertheless satisfied that it is GSM and can be unlocked by myself.
Item arrived in great condition and operates correctly. The only negative issue is that it appears the phone was "unlocked" by AT&T. I was able to use T-mobile's data network, however, it was only capable of transmitting data on the EDGE network. I ended up just purchasing a plan with AT&T so I could load a webpage quicker than 5 minutes. It was only a minor gripe, and I overlooked it since the phone was priced very low for the condition of the phone.
This phone after being reset to factory settings, started to work properly with T-mobile and a European SIM card. Price is good, phone is not the latest on the market, but does what is supposed to do, and actually I think it has the right balance of what one needs out of a phone. The selling company was nice to call me after the first negative review and offer to replace the phone. Quite happy with the purchase.
I ordered this to replace an Iphone 4. I like this phone wayyyyy better than the Iphone. It's a little more than the cheaper androids on the market but it is a rock solid phone.. It's fast, never crashes on me.. It's great.
The phone works fine. I just would have prefered all at&t parts were gone and the phone was the same as the european version.
It worked with Tmobile. Nice big screen. Lots of android apps. It connects to WIFI easily. The only thing i don't like is it has an ATT logo on the front of the phone.
I love this phone. best phone i ever bought from amazon, very stylish and colourful and fast. love the apps, would recommend this phone to anyone who wants style and technology
good
Delivered fast,everything as advertised, new and unlocked
am very well satisfied
I use it on the StraightTalk plan. No problems.
Fun phone. Not compatible with straight talk. Had nothing but data issues.
Good
Awesome phone. Just got it, still learning about all of it's features and setting it up to my taste, but so far I LOVE IT. It has much more features than I'm sure I will ever need, and so far I see no downside. Having access to the FULL Google Play App Store is wonderful.(I've recently returned a Firephone after trialing it for two weeks; and returned a defective foreign version, knock-off brand of another rugged smartphone).The Galaxy S2 Skyrocket I727 hit all of my desires/needs in a phone:It has expandable memory micro sd card; uses my existing regular size sim card; has a replaceable battery (should a new one be needed); front/rear camera; overall decent size screen and not too heavy; a system that responds to commands quickly; great signal strength in my area; has wi-fi capabilities that allow me to use my home networking to avoid data usage through my carrier....on and on.The seller- Cell Source's advertisement was spot on- Phone and all contents are in new shape with all original boxing, packaging, and items included exactly as listed. One Happy Customer!
It was a nice phone however after 6 months of research and time consuming shopping I come to find out that it is truly not unlocked and despite my efforts to assure correct frequency, 4G LTE capabilities, and numorous phone discussions with network techs, it just won't work with my provider...a disappointment to my daughter whose Xmas gift it was. Additionally, I find out after we get replacement that it didn't have emojis (which was disappointing to her!). Moral to the story...suck it up and by from your provider or switch providers!
great phone, arrived before i expected, and was as discribed. And wonderful costumer service :)
excelent
Excelent seller, all good
Work fine
Phone in near mint shape. Cord and charger were not Samsung brand but work fine. All in all, in much better shape than I would have expected for a refurbished phone.
excelente
Good Phone as described in the page, arrived just in time. Perfect unlocked phone with big touch screen an powerful processor, very fast response.
Love it. My first Android, and it's a keeper. At first I worried about the size being too big but now given the nice screen the size is very manageable and comfortable. Today my Otter case arrived, fits nice but does make the phone bulkier. H&P Electronics shipped fast and unlocked as advertised. Had problem getting WI-FI to work so had to call Samsung who said it happens sometimes advised to do a factory reset. Did that and problem is fixed. I've had other samsung phones and they do a nice job. The preloaded AT&T apps have to get deleted but that's the only down side for me. Great phone think my son already has his eye on this one.
After reading all the hype about the S3 that just came out, I wasn't sure if I would be happy with a "lesser" model. Plus I have been lusting over the huge screen on the Galaxy Note, and wondering whether to buy one of those. I am happy to say that I cannot imagine being happier with either of those two phones. This phone is amazing - it's fast, it has a wonderful display, and the voice recognition software is excellent. The seller did a great job of shipping the phone and the phone arrived exactly as advertised.The only problem I had was with AT&T. I live & work in Egypt and came home for the summer. So I went to AT&T with an older phone (the S2 had not yet arrived) and asked for a SIM card and whatever plan they could give me to keep me connected for the next two months. They hooked me up with GoPhone and said I could add the data plan when my new phone arrived. When I got the S2 I put in the SIM card and called AT&T to add a data plan. After about 12 hours I still couldn't connect, so I called AT&T - they said that since this is a 4G phone they had no 4G data plan through GoPhone. So I went to the local AT&T store, where it took an hour to get hooked up with a regular account and not lose the money I had already spent. I finally learned that I could have gone to several other pay-as-you-go carriers for about half the price. Needless to say, when the summer is over I will not be interested in working with AT&T again.The only other complaint is the crapware AT&T adds to the phone - I'll have to do some research to see how to get rid of it; they don't offer an uninstall feature for most of it.Bottom line is this phone is everything I hoped it would be and more - I recommend it highly. Samsung, great job. AT&T - you seriously need to get your act together.
Mobile deals is great at rendering out their support and service, especially even after sales service.After i have purchase the samsung galaxy phone, i am taking my own risk to upgrade the OS of my phone from Android ginger bread 2.3.6 to Ice cream sandwich 4.0, but worried about this unlocked version will become lock again, however the seller provided me with the unlock code just in case it is locked again... big thumbs up!
The product is very good and it has slim and very nice body. I got my phone 5 days back (within 3 days of order) . Phone features looks better than Iphone. Right now I am using prepaid Tmobile sim and its working fine . rt now I am getting Edge network only (very slow) on that. I am stil trying to figure out how I can get 3G from Tmobile on that .I got this phone form "Best Price Phones (Read All Information)" . From seller side I am totally satisfied . He been very supportive from first day of purchasing this phone and I hope he will help me in future also with same way. He provided all information and answer all my queries . I will certainly contact him in case I will requires any other electronic item.Samsung Galaxy S II - Unlocked - AT&Tif anybody knows how to setup 3G tmobile on this phone then please do let me know.
It is a brand new and unlocked AT&T Samsung Galaxy S II i77 as described by the seller Surge Telecom with all necessary accessories. The phone took H+ Digicel Haiti network fresh out the box, very fast phone with a dual core 1.2 Ghz processor, 1GB ram and 16 GB internal memory with dual camera of 8 and 2 MP. I read other reviews on the internet saying that network selection mode was locked in the rom by AT&T but on mine i can select network manually but FM radio has been disabled in the ROM by AT&T but there are a lot of apps on the android market available for local and online radio stations. The battery is the worst thing of the phone as every smart phones today. This is one of the best smart phone out there if it is not the best, outshine the iphone in term of performance but the iphone has a better battery and a good built quality comparing to the galaxy S II, Which is a plastic phone but has to be due to size and weight. I left Blackberry 9900 for it, i am a big fan of apple products and owe lots of but decided to try this one instead of getting an iphone and i can tell you this is the best choice, for me this is the best phone out now. Hope that AT7T enables radio FM and come out the ICS update for the phone in the coming days.
Great screen great camera very fast. The color and image quality on the screen is amazing, the camera quality is fantastic and the phone is super fast.
This phone is insane I haven't been able to put it down for the last 6 hours. I am totally mesmerized, Iphone who? cant believe I was considering a new iphone. This is the best of both worlds without the apple BS! that all I have to say. Once u go galaxy u can never go back.
Very nice cel phone. I upgraded it to JB and feels like an S4. Nice procesor. Good Camera, LTE. Thats exactly what i looking for a REAZONABLE PRICE.
Received my phone today and have been fiddling about with it since, first off I'd just like to state that I bought the phone from the seller "Breed" in the "new" condition and that is exactly what arrived today. The phone is free of any scratched or blemishes and was still in the factory packaging that is standard.Now getting to the phone itself, I have to say straight out of the box it runs nice and looks great. And after upgrading the phone to Android version 4.1.2, the phone runs it well with no foreseeable problems. Upon upgrading the phone gets a much better home-screen layout, ability to change lock-screen wallpaper, and a general revamp of interfaces for a much more streamline process.Edit: After putting the phone on Straight Talk, The call quality is crisp and clear and I have yet to see the phone use anything but the high speed 4g lte.As other reviews have pointed out, this phone is also very easy to root, being a first time rooter myself, I was easily able to find the necessary instructions to root the phone and install some very helpful apps that would normally be unavailable.Overall this phone is great even with it being an older phone and easy to use for people looking to get into the smart phone market.
perfecto
Love this phone. Does all i need and more, plus 4G. Calls are clear, Skype is clear. Could not be happier.
I received my phone and it was on time. Good thing I paid the extra $9 for 1-3 day shipping. It came with the charger. Everything worked great. Light scratches on the back. It was a used refurbished and it was a bargain.Now time to but a case and headphones.
I'm very pleased with my Skyrocket. I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this phone. Processors, Ram, etc. Though recently I've had a couple of bad purchases through third parties, this one is an excellent choice. Was exactly what the seller described. No problems or complaints here. Very happy with my phone.
it is ok very good condition and the best every thing works I am talking about the software the internet it works whit all the conexion to wifi the playstore is very good I like it
As this is my first cell phone in 9 years I honestly didn't know what to expect, but when it arrived and I started playing around with it a little I must say this phone is a must have for those who don't want to spend a crazy amount of money or a first time phone. It does everything I want it to and more.
Works good so far. Came unlocked & it is compatible in the Caribbean to work with b mobile sim cards
good quality and very useful. it is perfect a equipment and it is totally unlocked, you can use every where. Price is very good as you need. Delivery is so fast
this phone is the best and it has all the feature i wanted and its pretty fast. i love it!
I'm happy with the phone but the only thing was that the charger didn't charge the phone I had to buy a new charger and also I pay extra for shipping but it took longer then the time it said to be shipped .
it was delivered on time and the phone works great. Battery life seems a little bit short but will make out just fine.
I purchased a new phone and the phone was new and in original package. Phone is what I expected. Very satisfied.
The phone is great but I can't set up the wi-fi, it does nothing, I've tried an app and nothing, other than that great phone.
my samsung is amazing,i have been njoyed this cellphone since i bought and i still having fine with it.100%
I finally switched to smartphones, and even though this phone was released 2.5 years ago, the available features cover everything I need. The display is large and bright, and the phone is slim. The back cover is plastic that feels cheap and I'm a litlle worried about breaking it when I remove or replace it. The volume during calls is also a little too low even at the highest setting. I like everything else about this phone.
I love this phone. It is feature packed. Dislikes only that there is a bot of bloatware, but you can disable it. The battery does not last long if you leave everything running though, so be sure to take advantage of disabling the bloatware.
i love my phone its awesome price was great and the size was even better. lite weight takes great photos use it on straighttalk plan watch alot of movies on it
got 2 of these phones for my wife and i. they work great. be warned these do see fake gs2 here on amazon even on prime. i had to return the first two i got lucky the second to i got was the real ones.
This cellphone is awesome, arrived in good conditions and works very very well. No complaints about it. Everything ok. Buy without doubts
I purchased this for my wife for our anniversary. This is her first Smart Phone and she loves it. She learned how to use it pretty quick and is still learning, T he only reason I did not give it 5 stars is, like every other Smart Phone, it has a faster battery drain (you are not going to go 3 days without a charge) and they do not have as good of a signal reception as our older phones. But, you have to give a little to get a lot. I own a lot of Samsung products and this also is not a disappointment.
Compradores en VenezuelaEl vendedor cumplió con la entrega a tiempo en la oficina de envíos a Miami. El equipo llego en perfecto estado y desbloqueado. El único detalle es que la memoria RAM no es de 1GB es de 780 MB sin embargo corre sin ningún problema realice la actualización al android jelly bean y corre muy bien. La calidad de la cámara es excelente 100% recomendado. comparable con el galaxy SII miniThe seller fulfilled delivery on time delivery office in Miami. The team arrived in perfect condition and unlocked. The only detail is that RAM is 1GB if not 780 MB but runs without problems you upgrade to android jelly bean and runs very well. The camera quality is excellent 100% recommended. comparable with the Galaxy SII mini
I had purchased several from people but this actually the first product ,I am writing about. The phone came right before the time I was expected which means that the seller means business, it works well, very good condition, I just LOOOOOOOVE It. Thank you!!
After researching for a good, fair-prized phone to replace my Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone {because it fell down and cracked (but still works ok), and needed something more modern}, I decided to buy Samsung Galaxy s2. I choose it because of it's fairly large screen size, light weight, and versatility applications. So far I'm not disappointed (used it for almost two weeks), performs greatly (no hiccups and switches apps very smoothly). I have even upgraded it the Jelly bean android 4.1.2 version with ease, and it's still working greatly. I only followed the instructions from Samsung support page to the letter!Over all great phone, especially for those who are not ready for Galaxy s3 or 4 yet. This will more than give you what you need- it's all a matter of application! Though I haven't used any of those I'm wondering if there will be much difference in functions. The battery is the problem so far- runs down quickly so that you're constantly charging. Maybe because I use it a lot, and run many applications on it!
Nice cool little phone to have with all the right features, I would recommend this phone to someone else if they asked
Would have given this a 5 stars review but it did not come with the 2 batteries shown in the picture. It was in new condition and came with the ear buds shown, plus 3 different sizes in end caps which was nice. I have T-Mo service so I just popped in my SIM card from my old phone and this new one was good to go. Also, this does not come with a manual, just a "quick start" guide and a "safety and warranty" booklet. It is an ATT unlocked phone so it is preloaded with a bunch of ATT junk that I'm still trying to uninstall. Otherwise this was an excellent buy that I would not hesitate to recommend.....just don't be fooled in thinking you will receive an extra battery like the pic shows. It does come with a USB power cord and A/C adapter plug and one pre-charged battery. The 4G capability of the Skyrocket v. just the Galaxy II is a real plus.
Great phone, just what i wanted. Battery life is aweful though with the faster processor. Looking for a solution to that...
I bought this phone and am using it with straight talk. Great phone that is fast and takes great pictures.
I have no complaints about the phone, mainly because I haven't had a chance to really use it. When I received the phone the battery was dead so I plugged it in and left it charging for a couple hours without using it. When I turned it on and started using it, it stayed charged for maybe an hour. I left it charging while I was sleeping and, 8 hours later), it had reached 50%. I turned it off thinking maybe it would reach full charge faster, but when I turned it back on after leaving it charging, it was down to 11%.Needless to say, I just had to order a new battery and I am stuck using an old phone until I receive my new battery. I'm just upset that I waited so long for the phone and now that I have it I have to wait longer to use it.
Perfect all across the board. And perfect now with the jellybean upgrade. Wish i could give it more stars. By far the best phone i've every purchased. Samsung 4-life
I fell in love with this phone. I'm not a big phone person and don't really care of having the latest technology or all that extra junk. Just needed a phone that was simple,more updated then my last phone, good picture quality and could run fast as I do go on the internet a lot and use my email for a lot of important things. This phone tops it all its super fast and I never knew how great an unlocked phone could be because my tmoblie service works great! Came in great condition and delivery was great and fast. Best decision I ever made with buying the perfect phone made for me! I love it so much thank you amazon and open group wireless! Excellent job :)
everything was fine only a detail contains no guarantee for sansumggreat productmeets my expectationsAll data are consistent
Arrived on time. Everything is as advertised :) I'm very happy with it!Oh and I would like to note that you should be careful when ordering a case for it on Amazon (the one I ordered did not fit and it took me a while to find one that did).
Well by the price I obtained this phone I know I didn't do a bad purchase, I knew this was a good phone because I have the international version so that's why I bought this one, the one I bought had a lot of scratches in the back but worth it, fast service (it arrived in 4 days).. The thing its that I don't know if I update the software I will lose the unlock but whatever.
loved the product..shipping was fast, I havent left it alone since i got the phone...its a good phone.. would recommend it
This phone is amazing, all the aspects and features are just great, it's a really fast phone, excellent android smartphone!!
Fantastic,beyond my expectation!! I trully recomende this phone it works great and gives you that kind of pleasure that you are looking for but couldn't find it.
my daughter didn't have any complaints, that's good enough for me... I did notice that this phone takes great pictures
Better than the G3. Better than iphone. This phone is just better. As long as you know what you are doing when it comes to unlocked phones and do all your research this is a great deal.The seller for this product is amazing as well. Got here in 2 days when I ordered just the free shipping from Amazon. I would recommend this sell for any items.
My first Android phone was a Samsung Captivate which I really enjoyed despite the three major flaws: poor battery life, under-powered processor and limited RAM (i.e. freezing and lagging) as well as limited storage. In comparison to the Samsung Captivate, the Samsung Skyrocket has a much bigger screen but feels lighter, has a more than capable processor as well as sufficient RAM (hence the phone never freezes or lags), it has greater battery capacity, and I can use a 32GB MicroSDHC card. I use a Diztronic Matte Back Clear Flexible TPU Case made for the Skyrocket (available on Amazon). Most people mistake the phone for the Galaxy S III. The two complaints I have about the phone: 1) the screen can run hot and 2) battery life is not stellar if you are actively using your cell or wi-fi signals. I would recommend definitely recommend this phone to mid-range to high end users, especially if the price is right. In addition, this phone was also easy to "root."
No issues yet!! Phone is working very well till now with no single issue as such. Great phone at great price!
good
Bueno me ha gustado demasiado so i really like it!
me gusto.tank you jp,m.
sorry you did not write all well before the cell as described thanks hope to buy from you
I absolute love this phone, I purchased it for my 12 yr old daughter and she hasn't broken it yet!! It's a very good phone
excellent the cell came perfeccct follow purchased her
My daughter who is really hard to please when it comes to PHONES .(..Lol,) really LOVES her phone., she said it has all the applications she was looking for in a phone..need I say much?...Lol
It works fine, came unlocked but i had to fix a problem with the screen and the power button. Im satisfied with the phone, no complaints about it! :)
Awesome phone and great customer service. I love having a unlocked phone so I don't have to be tied down for 2 years with a contract. I would recommend buying from USWireless again. My package was deliverd very fast!! Thank You!
I love it. That's it :P Got a case for it and use it constantly for music, movies, and communication. 1 day battery life plus some. Use it with a $45 Go Phone plan and never have any problems.
A+++++++++Goodshiping and as he sade like new. The most important that 4G is working fine in my area. That what i need.Thanks
While I'm still learning the device, I must say it is quite versatile and can be a useful tool to anyone, irrespective of your profession or involvement.
Has some trouble running on a t-mobile network... It is an AT&T unlocked phone! Nice size screen and slim design
I first received a counterfeit version from Amazon's own "Warehouse Deals", but the problem was remedied and this has turned out to be a great phone. I like it much better than the regular S2 I owned before. Good performance, battery life and reliability. A+
I feel good with this phone. It works so good. It is really unlocked, really faster when runs the apps, the original OS is good (android 4.0.1). I had only one problem. The problem is that the headset was not include in the box of the phone, so I informed to amazon about this issue and they give me a kindly refund for this mistake. It's great because then I can buy the genuine ones.
THE PHONE WAS GREAT IT JUST DIDNT WORK WELL WITH BRIGHT SPOT PHONE SERVICE WHICH IS POWERED BY T MOBILE.AND THE COMPANY WAS AWSOME THAT SOLD THE PHONE I WAS ABLE TO RETURN THE PHONE WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS THANK YOU.
This is a nice phone. I had a little problem with the shipping, but it turned out fine. I really like this phone.
Amazing phone. Absolutely loved it!Very good interface with gmail accounts when you setup this phone. Overall i would recommend this phone.
This superb phone with many features and being a techie, I have fully tested this phone. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Skyrocket S2 phone. Although I paid more to purchase this phone NEW, I am very glad that I did so as it is working wonderfully! My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me (with a 4.5" viewing screen like the S3 has). For me, I keep this phone inside a case and cover and it still fits easily into a rather small purse. And also I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music when I work out. Since the phone is lightweight, it is easy to wear on my waistband (in the storage case).- Unlocked Sim - Yes, the phone I received is NEW and I tested the Sim slot to make sure it was unlocked. First I inserted my neighbors T-Mobile standard Sim card (she has a pre-paid plan with no data plan). I simply popped it into the phone and it worked right out of the box, called someone and it worked great. Sent a text (with no pictures or attachments, just text and went fine). Then I removed her Sim and placed my own AT&T Activated Sim card (Standard sized card). With the T-Mobile and AT&T Sim cards, this phone worked perfectly as the phone is SIM UNLOCKED, the basic AT&T Logo is still there, the original AT&T Apps still there. But you can use say T-Mobile, Straight Talk, or MOST GSM Sim cards should work just fine--just make sure you buy the UNLOCKED ONE not the locked to AT&T one.However, if you want to use anything other than AT&T, please contact me in comments for the APN settings for Data and MMS as I have all the settings.One more thing if it says UNLOCKED rather than International Unlocked, it means that JUST THE SIM CARD SLOT is Unlocked for most GSM Standard Sized Sim Cards but still shows the AT&T Logo on the top front of the phone. Since I did not do anything on my neighbors Sim card but make a quick call and try it for about 30 minutes (she is thinking about buying this phone for herself and using T-Mobile as she does not an AT&T Account). Also, if you use WiFi like I do, no need for data unless you are in an out of WiFi area a lot of the time. For me, I am around WiFi 95 to 99 percent of the time!- LARGE SCREEN WITH GOOD RESOLUTION - This absolutely gorgeous screen measures 4.5 inches (seems larger) and it is just the right sized screen. Before this phone I used to use a Galaxy Note and Grand (both had 5 inch or more screens), both were too big, heavy and bulky. Now, I am using the S2 Skyrocket as the screen is large and has good resolution with 207 ppi (pixels per inch) and higher is better. This has a very sharp screen with easy to read screen. It looks to me as sharp as my old Galaxy Note I did and MUCH MUCH sharper than my Galaxy Grand (which just had 187 ppi and it was not as clear as the S2 Skyrocket) so that extra 20 pixels per inch makes a big difference in my opinion. Again, this screen is so vivid and clear!- STANDARD REGULAR SIZE SIM CARD: This phone has a regular/standard Sim card slot. (Note the S3 regular phone and S4 phones accept a micro Sim. So glad that this phone accepts a regular/standard Sim.-- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the ONE OF THE BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 16GB of Internal space. The 16GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 10.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- CAMERA - The 8MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a very good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.- OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. For me, I use an OTG Micro Adapter (S3 and S4 ones work) and am able to plug in a flash drive, mouse and more. Could not get my portable Hard Disk to work, but flash drives work fine.- NFC (Near Field Communication) has been advertised to work on this phone. Have not yet tried this feature.CONS:- No built in FM Radio like the regular SII has. Not a problem because I installed TuneIn Radio (free) from the Playstore and I can play lots of radio (FM or other) when WiFi is on.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
Awesome phone. Works so well. Wouldn't change anything for it. It works so well. I just love it. Thank you!
This phone is great! I've had it for a while and have had only one problem with it - the SD slot. Sometimes it wouldn't read the SD card. I changed the SD card and it seems to be working just fine now. Lightweight and not too big. I also like that it's white. It cam unlocked, so it's usable on other companies.
but the battery is a little weak. I don't think it's because the previous owner drained it. I think smart phones are just made with weak battery life these days. I ordered from Driven Wireless and they were great. My phone was one day later than expected but they were really on top of the tracking number and had a quick responses!
I was impressed with the size of the screen and all the features this phone has. For the price its better than the competition in phones.
This Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 2 Skyrocket has worked beautifully since it was purchased a few months ago. Although an older model, it was really ahead of it's time with features. It has 4G LTE as well as HSPA+ data speed. It has mostly been used on an AT&T MNVO (Straight Talk) which doesn't offer LTE, but have tried it on AT&T as well.It has good signal and call clarity. Battery life has been fine. It has gotten HEAVY use, especially on WI-FI.The seller, HassleFreeCell, gets 5 stars for service as it was delivered on time and new as described. I have purchased from them before and would again.
Just love it, but the Samsung kies is horrible. Couldn't update my phone to Jellybean threw that horrible program. Had to go to best buy to get it updated. Other than that, its been rock solid and I couldn't be more happy with my phone
My sister ordered this phone as her first smartphone, it works just great and brand new, she uses with a Mexican carrier and works fine. And all for less than 300 it's good.
We ordered 2 phones. One we love, the other not so much. The Android version of the 2 phones is different and we can't get it to update. That alone makes a huge difference in performance and battery life of the 2. Averaging the two phones I give it a 4.
Item just as described, works perfectly. So far no inconvenience. It was a gift for my father, and so far he is happy with it.
it's ok
good product fast shipping
It is a GMS and is unlocked works well overseas, I use Sim cards.
Said it was new but came with damage to the outside. Phone works fine though.
Great phone I love it. I'm using it to write this review as we speak.
It works with my T-mobile service.
good
What a steal. Doesn't look a display unit; it seems new. Description was correct about some numbers leaving a shadow due to being left on and "burning" into the screen, but this has happened to me with new phones after a year or so, anyway.
all good
phone was in very nice condition and works so good. The only thing I dislike is I am not able to use my SD card if I am, i have not been able to find out how.
works quick, looked great, mobile networks in both USA and Brazil run smoothly, camera is perfect. alll is well with the world with this perfect purchase.
My phone was in very good condition, it came on a timely fashion . I am still trying to learn all of the features. The only down thing about it is that the battery does not even last a whole day. All the features suck the life out of the battery.
Love Samsung products. So easy to use. Only downfall is some of the default apps on it, but otherwise it's a great phone.
Excellent it was a little late they said something and the package was here not the date they said so!
Works great, size is perfect couldn't ask for anything better. Works with all the other accessories I need and use everyday.
The quality was great I got what I paid for, and I'm extremley happy with it. No problems at all
LOVE IT. SO FAR NO PROBLEMS . EVEN TOOK IT TO THE TMOBILE STORE TO VERIFY THE AUTHENTICITY OF THE PHONE. EVERYTHING WAS LEGAL AND LEGITIMATE .
Very pleased with this phone. Is a definite upgrade from my galaxy s2. Screen is flawless and overall immaculate shape. Shipping fast. Only reason for 4 star is cause in the listing it was supposed to come with dock and headphones which I didn't receive. Still very pleased with the purchase.
I was more the happy with this purchase, the phone was in "like New" condition. Everything worked perfectly. I would use and recommend this vendor for everyone.
Love the phone. Can't get enough of it . It was a great choice . Thank you once again its the best phone
Received exactly as expected. Use frequently and works well. Recommend this merchant.
Why is it that all samsung phones have poorly made micro usb ports? Mine is already where I have to jiggle it to get it to charge.
good
I love this phone
I'm content with this phone, one step closer to the phone I want.
Phone was for an older person who needed a larger screen to use and operate. Easy to use with beautiful color and durable. The person was able to use the phone with minimal instruction despite limited tech background.
Awesome phone, got it before delivery date. Great price also. Will do business with seller again anytime! Ty ty ty
This one was to replace my own broken Samsung Galaxy s 111, the only thing wrong was the micro card was not included in the package, so I had to return it.
Perfect
Good
love the samsung, a lot of features
Got this phone 2 days after ordering. Onlyn problem is the charger does not last long. It goes bad within a week but good phone for the price.
The phone itself is great, a massive improvement over what I was using before (Galaxy S Blaze). Power users may want something a bit more powerful, but for the casual phone user who just wants to use apps like Snapchat, Twitter, Skype, and maybe play a few games, on top of listening to music, this is perfect. Battery life is decent, way better after upgrading to Android 4.3 and cleaning out the bloatware.I bought the phone used and it was basically in New condition. Score!
thank you
Its a good phone, but not the network provider I needed. They returned it with no problems!!!
great product
galaxies are great!!
There seems to be nothing wrong with this phone, except the volume up button has to be pressed quite firmly to turn the volume up. Volume down button and everything else seems to work perfectly. The battery it came with made the phone very unstable, like it was an old, about out of life battery, but lucky for me, I had a spare Samsung Galaxy S3 battery sitting around from my last phone (I dropped it on concrete too many times without a proper case, and it couldn't take it anymore). So that would be my only complaints, and the battery was easily fixed, and the volume up button I can live with. I think it did say on the original post that it was in less than perfect condition. Can't beat the price. I am very satisfied.
I'm a bit of a novice on buying phones since I have always gone to a provider and selected a phone they happened to carry, even if it was not exactly what I wanted. I had some basic needs including compatibility with my blue tooth in my car, that it would work with the new carrier I had chosen, and that it was truly new and unlocked. In searching I found many phones that were questionable as to whether or not they were unlocked, contacted the respective sellers, and never heard back. This told me they weren't. If you care about new, be careful that you are not actually ordering a pre-owned phone. Nothing wrong with that, but if you want new, be sure that is what you are getting.The information on this phone didn't specify what was coming in the box, so I did order a battery just in case it didn't come with one. It did. In the box were a new phone, headset, battery, USB cable, plug in charger, and quick start instructions. I charged the phone, called the carrier I intended to use where they verified the phone was unlocked, and had them send me a sim card. When it arrived I installed the card, phoned the carrier about a piece of info I could not find (the IMEI,which can be found by entering *#06# on the telephone keypad), activated it, and I was off and running. The blue tooth connection in my vehicle worked on my first try.I don't know how anyone could improve their experience with this seller. The phone is perfect, and came packaged as securely as a person could make it. I would buy from this seller again based on my personal experience.
MY wife loves the phone she bought.
ooooooohhhhh I love this phone... thank you, thank you...
I love it, great cell phone
perfect
I' connected with a simple mobil sim card, and it work just fine.
Good price better phone.
It's a good phone, although outdated now
Loved this phone!
Love it..I bought it for my son...it was unlock and I was able to.purchase a sim from T-Mobile for it..highly recommend this phone!!!
Working very good thank you
Its working well but some people say that is not original, anyway works perfect and im using 4g
I like it
Phone came as promised. New condition. Works perfectly.
I know the new S4 is out, but this is still the best phone out there. The diversity of this phone is amazing.
not to much to say after tons of reviews out there about this phone. Came in perfect condition, all accessories included, and works fine. No problems so far.
I am so happy with my new phone it's new it's what i wanted for a long time !!! i just wish i would have gotten a screen protector!!! but i am happy!!! thanks amazon!!!
i love this fone it does what i want it to do thank you for having this fone available thanks once again
Still trying to get used to it, its a lot larger than my EVO 4G and harder to text on. From what I understand, it has a lot of cool features (I have yet to figure them out). Phone has great curb appeal though and definitely a conversation piece.
good
I love my new phone they were brand new, my girls love theirs too
We just received the Galaxy III order yesterday and we gave it a try this morning, so far it is what I expected. We are Tmobile customer so we didn't have any issue on how to start the phone, we just move the sim card to the new phone and its up and running.Is there anything wrong or damage on the phone ? because you know that this is a refurbish phone right ?Nothing wrong on it so far and I don't think it will have an issue either.There were a very few little scratch marks on the back cover but no damage at all on the screen or the side it is working perfectly well.I felt so good when I saw the phone on its perfect condition for the price.We purchased it from "Joycells" on a back orders and it got here on time actually faster than I thought it would be and the packaging was perfect too.
My son loves his phone. It worked perfectly right out of the box.
Excellent buy
Needed a new phone ASAP because my old one was "crapping out." It is always difficult to drop close to $500 on a cell phone, but this one seems to be worth the money.
the phone turns off randomly and will not turn back on right away and also it won't go to keyboard mode but its all good.
Doesn't come with much of an instruction book, but we found one online (500+ pages). Even if you are an experienced user, you'll need it, because there are SO MANY features you can customize.Design is sleek and light. Fits in a purse pocket well. Downside to the design: holding it in one hand, you tend to hit the volume AND the on/off button at the same time (surprise!). You'll learn to hold it so that doesn't happen.I bought the SIM card at Walmart to get the cheap/simple data plan from TMobile. That could have gone better, but if you know what you want, you can get it, eventually. I am weeding out the pre-loaded stuff that I will never use.This phone is loaded with features and I am using more each day: auto-rotate for sideways display, auto-brightness for the screen (I live in the very bright desert.), Bluetooth to the car (it whistles every time they meet), getting my email online (had to scale that back-too much info, but there's a setting for that, of course), two cameras (the one facing you turns off the keypad when you actually use it as a phone, so you don't face-dial), voice input (easier than typing on that necessarily tiny keyboard, plus it makes me look cool).I was worried about paying for features I won't use, but I keep finding things that are useful even as I discard or disable others. I am pleased with this phone and look forward to figuring out even more features.
great phone..love it...great condition...no issues...the phone is delivering as promised except the TMOBILE service sucks I miss US Cellular but too expensive...
I know the S IV is out now but very happy with the S III. Has so many features and ease of use. So far, no complaints.
Llike the white is cool and cooler.and like bigger screen mostly to text keyboardyet its a one hand operation
So far the phone is performing as it should, great battery life and really good performance as expected. The only thing that I really didn't like was the fact that the wire of headphones was a little bit bent, almost damaged and it looks used but they work as they should so no biggie about it.
Awesome phone, got it before delivery date. Great price also. Will do business with seller again anytime! Ty ty ty
This one was to replace my own broken Samsung Galaxy s 111, the only thing wrong was the micro card was not included in the package, so I had to return it.
Perfect
Good
love the samsung, a lot of features
The phone itself is great, a massive improvement over what I was using before (Galaxy S Blaze). Power users may want something a bit more powerful, but for the casual phone user who just wants to use apps like Snapchat, Twitter, Skype, and maybe play a few games, on top of listening to music, this is perfect. Battery life is decent, way better after upgrading to Android 4.3 and cleaning out the bloatware.I bought the phone used and it was basically in New condition. Score!
Received exactly as expected. Use frequently and works well. Recommend this merchant.
Why is it that all samsung phones have poorly made micro usb ports? Mine is already where I have to jiggle it to get it to charge.
good
I love this phone
I'm content with this phone, one step closer to the phone I want.
Phone was for an older person who needed a larger screen to use and operate. Easy to use with beautiful color and durable. The person was able to use the phone with minimal instruction despite limited tech background.
Excellent it was a little late they said something and the package was here not the date they said so!
Works great, size is perfect couldn't ask for anything better. Works with all the other accessories I need and use everyday.
The quality was great I got what I paid for, and I'm extremley happy with it. No problems at all
LOVE IT. SO FAR NO PROBLEMS . EVEN TOOK IT TO THE TMOBILE STORE TO VERIFY THE AUTHENTICITY OF THE PHONE. EVERYTHING WAS LEGAL AND LEGITIMATE .
Very pleased with this phone. Is a definite upgrade from my galaxy s2. Screen is flawless and overall immaculate shape. Shipping fast. Only reason for 4 star is cause in the listing it was supposed to come with dock and headphones which I didn't receive. Still very pleased with the purchase.
I was more the happy with this purchase, the phone was in "like New" condition. Everything worked perfectly. I would use and recommend this vendor for everyone.
Love the phone. Can't get enough of it . It was a great choice . Thank you once again its the best phone
What can you say, it's a Samsung G3, the best !!!
great
Great phone. Was as described. Came rooted and unlocked. Would do business with again.
Just as described.
This phone was just as promised!
Great phone I love it. I'm using it to write this review as we speak.
It works with my T-mobile service.
good
What a steal. Doesn't look a display unit; it seems new. Description was correct about some numbers leaving a shadow due to being left on and "burning" into the screen, but this has happened to me with new phones after a year or so, anyway.
all good
phone was in very nice condition and works so good. The only thing I dislike is I am not able to use my SD card if I am, i have not been able to find out how.
works quick, looked great, mobile networks in both USA and Brazil run smoothly, camera is perfect. alll is well with the world with this perfect purchase.
My phone was in very good condition, it came on a timely fashion . I am still trying to learn all of the features. The only down thing about it is that the battery does not even last a whole day. All the features suck the life out of the battery.
Love Samsung products. So easy to use. Only downfall is some of the default apps on it, but otherwise it's a great phone.
only draw back is battery life. Otherwise a great phone I would recommend if battery life is not a big deal to you. I basicly need to charge it every day to every 2 days depending on use.
Samsung galaxy 3 phone is awesome, you have converted a die hard apple phone user,I can,t say enough!!!!! Thanx
This is a shout out to Driven Wireless! Thanks so much for providing a wonderful phone. This is my first smart phone. It is fairly intuitive and can handle an amazing array of tasks beautifully and FAST. LOVE IT!
phon works just fine with t mobile .4 g speed Iike that phone.I would recomment it .the speed and screen everything nice
Mine i just got is wonderful
Loved this phone!
Love it..I bought it for my son...it was unlock and I was able to.purchase a sim from T-Mobile for it..highly recommend this phone!!!
Working very good thank you
Its working well but some people say that is not original, anyway works perfect and im using 4g
I like it
Phone came as promised. New condition. Works perfectly.
I know the new S4 is out, but this is still the best phone out there. The diversity of this phone is amazing.
not to much to say after tons of reviews out there about this phone. Came in perfect condition, all accessories included, and works fine. No problems so far.
I am so happy with my new phone it's new it's what i wanted for a long time !!! i just wish i would have gotten a screen protector!!! but i am happy!!! thanks amazon!!!
i love this fone it does what i want it to do thank you for having this fone available thanks once again
Still trying to get used to it, its a lot larger than my EVO 4G and harder to text on. From what I understand, it has a lot of cool features (I have yet to figure them out). Phone has great curb appeal though and definitely a conversation piece.
thank you
Its a good phone, but not the network provider I needed. They returned it with no problems!!!
great product
galaxies are great!!
There seems to be nothing wrong with this phone, except the volume up button has to be pressed quite firmly to turn the volume up. Volume down button and everything else seems to work perfectly. The battery it came with made the phone very unstable, like it was an old, about out of life battery, but lucky for me, I had a spare Samsung Galaxy S3 battery sitting around from my last phone (I dropped it on concrete too many times without a proper case, and it couldn't take it anymore). So that would be my only complaints, and the battery was easily fixed, and the volume up button I can live with. I think it did say on the original post that it was in less than perfect condition. Can't beat the price. I am very satisfied.
I'm a bit of a novice on buying phones since I have always gone to a provider and selected a phone they happened to carry, even if it was not exactly what I wanted. I had some basic needs including compatibility with my blue tooth in my car, that it would work with the new carrier I had chosen, and that it was truly new and unlocked. In searching I found many phones that were questionable as to whether or not they were unlocked, contacted the respective sellers, and never heard back. This told me they weren't. If you care about new, be careful that you are not actually ordering a pre-owned phone. Nothing wrong with that, but if you want new, be sure that is what you are getting.The information on this phone didn't specify what was coming in the box, so I did order a battery just in case it didn't come with one. It did. In the box were a new phone, headset, battery, USB cable, plug in charger, and quick start instructions. I charged the phone, called the carrier I intended to use where they verified the phone was unlocked, and had them send me a sim card. When it arrived I installed the card, phoned the carrier about a piece of info I could not find (the IMEI,which can be found by entering *#06# on the telephone keypad), activated it, and I was off and running. The blue tooth connection in my vehicle worked on my first try.I don't know how anyone could improve their experience with this seller. The phone is perfect, and came packaged as securely as a person could make it. I would buy from this seller again based on my personal experience.
MY wife loves the phone she bought.
good
I love my new phone they were brand new, my girls love theirs too
We just received the Galaxy III order yesterday and we gave it a try this morning, so far it is what I expected. We are Tmobile customer so we didn't have any issue on how to start the phone, we just move the sim card to the new phone and its up and running.Is there anything wrong or damage on the phone ? because you know that this is a refurbish phone right ?Nothing wrong on it so far and I don't think it will have an issue either.There were a very few little scratch marks on the back cover but no damage at all on the screen or the side it is working perfectly well.I felt so good when I saw the phone on its perfect condition for the price.We purchased it from "Joycells" on a back orders and it got here on time actually faster than I thought it would be and the packaging was perfect too.
My son loves his phone. It worked perfectly right out of the box.
Excellent buy
Excellent it was a little late they said something and the package was here not the date they said so!
Works great, size is perfect couldn't ask for anything better. Works with all the other accessories I need and use everyday.
The quality was great I got what I paid for, and I'm extremley happy with it. No problems at all
LOVE IT. SO FAR NO PROBLEMS . EVEN TOOK IT TO THE TMOBILE STORE TO VERIFY THE AUTHENTICITY OF THE PHONE. EVERYTHING WAS LEGAL AND LEGITIMATE .
Very pleased with this phone. Is a definite upgrade from my galaxy s2. Screen is flawless and overall immaculate shape. Shipping fast. Only reason for 4 star is cause in the listing it was supposed to come with dock and headphones which I didn't receive. Still very pleased with the purchase.
I was more the happy with this purchase, the phone was in "like New" condition. Everything worked perfectly. I would use and recommend this vendor for everyone.
Love the phone. Can't get enough of it . It was a great choice . Thank you once again its the best phone
Needed a new phone ASAP because my old one was "crapping out." It is always difficult to drop close to $500 on a cell phone, but this one seems to be worth the money.
the phone turns off randomly and will not turn back on right away and also it won't go to keyboard mode but its all good.
Doesn't come with much of an instruction book, but we found one online (500+ pages). Even if you are an experienced user, you'll need it, because there are SO MANY features you can customize.Design is sleek and light. Fits in a purse pocket well. Downside to the design: holding it in one hand, you tend to hit the volume AND the on/off button at the same time (surprise!). You'll learn to hold it so that doesn't happen.I bought the SIM card at Walmart to get the cheap/simple data plan from TMobile. That could have gone better, but if you know what you want, you can get it, eventually. I am weeding out the pre-loaded stuff that I will never use.This phone is loaded with features and I am using more each day: auto-rotate for sideways display, auto-brightness for the screen (I live in the very bright desert.), Bluetooth to the car (it whistles every time they meet), getting my email online (had to scale that back-too much info, but there's a setting for that, of course), two cameras (the one facing you turns off the keypad when you actually use it as a phone, so you don't face-dial), voice input (easier than typing on that necessarily tiny keyboard, plus it makes me look cool).I was worried about paying for features I won't use, but I keep finding things that are useful even as I discard or disable others. I am pleased with this phone and look forward to figuring out even more features.
great phone..love it...great condition...no issues...the phone is delivering as promised except the TMOBILE service sucks I miss US Cellular but too expensive...
I know the S IV is out now but very happy with the S III. Has so many features and ease of use. So far, no complaints.
Llike the white is cool and cooler.and like bigger screen mostly to text keyboardyet its a one hand operation
So far the phone is performing as it should, great battery life and really good performance as expected. The only thing that I really didn't like was the fact that the wire of headphones was a little bit bent, almost damaged and it looks used but they work as they should so no biggie about it.
Great phone I love it. I'm using it to write this review as we speak.
It works with my T-mobile service.
good
What a steal. Doesn't look a display unit; it seems new. Description was correct about some numbers leaving a shadow due to being left on and "burning" into the screen, but this has happened to me with new phones after a year or so, anyway.
all good
phone was in very nice condition and works so good. The only thing I dislike is I am not able to use my SD card if I am, i have not been able to find out how.
works quick, looked great, mobile networks in both USA and Brazil run smoothly, camera is perfect. alll is well with the world with this perfect purchase.
My phone was in very good condition, it came on a timely fashion . I am still trying to learn all of the features. The only down thing about it is that the battery does not even last a whole day. All the features suck the life out of the battery.
Love Samsung products. So easy to use. Only downfall is some of the default apps on it, but otherwise it's a great phone.
Received exactly as expected. Use frequently and works well. Recommend this merchant.
Why is it that all samsung phones have poorly made micro usb ports? Mine is already where I have to jiggle it to get it to charge.
good
I love this phone
I'm content with this phone, one step closer to the phone I want.
Phone was for an older person who needed a larger screen to use and operate. Easy to use with beautiful color and durable. The person was able to use the phone with minimal instruction despite limited tech background.
I purchase this unlocked GS3 as a gift for someone who wants a second phone. A good unlocked smartphone for the price. I also purchased a SD card and a case with the phone. Would I recommend this phone, yes.
What can you say, it's a Samsung G3, the best !!!
great
Great phone. Was as described. Came rooted and unlocked. Would do business with again.
Just as described.
This phone was just as promised!
ooooooohhhhh I love this phone... thank you, thank you...
I love it, great cell phone
perfect
I' connected with a simple mobil sim card, and it work just fine.
Good price better phone.
It's a good phone, although outdated now
Awesome phone, got it before delivery date. Great price also. Will do business with seller again anytime! Ty ty ty
This one was to replace my own broken Samsung Galaxy s 111, the only thing wrong was the micro card was not included in the package, so I had to return it.
Perfect
Good
love the samsung, a lot of features
Got this phone 2 days after ordering. Onlyn problem is the charger does not last long. It goes bad within a week but good phone for the price.
The phone itself is great, a massive improvement over what I was using before (Galaxy S Blaze). Power users may want something a bit more powerful, but for the casual phone user who just wants to use apps like Snapchat, Twitter, Skype, and maybe play a few games, on top of listening to music, this is perfect. Battery life is decent, way better after upgrading to Android 4.3 and cleaning out the bloatware.I bought the phone used and it was basically in New condition. Score!
only draw back is battery life. Otherwise a great phone I would recommend if battery life is not a big deal to you. I basicly need to charge it every day to every 2 days depending on use.
Samsung galaxy 3 phone is awesome, you have converted a die hard apple phone user,I can,t say enough!!!!! Thanx
This is a shout out to Driven Wireless! Thanks so much for providing a wonderful phone. This is my first smart phone. It is fairly intuitive and can handle an amazing array of tasks beautifully and FAST. LOVE IT!
Screen is bright and clear, battery last about a day (could be better). Don't care for the built in apps from T-Mobile, but had no choice in the matter.
phon works just fine with t mobile .4 g speed Iike that phone.I would recomment it .the speed and screen everything nice
The battery did not work. The seller's customer service promptly replaced the device . All is good. Very good seller
Just got mine today 11/11/14 and wow I purchased the used-good and this phone is like new there are no scratches at all but the chrome around the camera has a chip not a dent but who cares. This is the first "used" phone I've ever bought so i was verry skeptical about it. Now when I got the package I opened it and the phone came in a generic cardboard box similar to the asurion box without the branding. In side was the phone first with the plastic shrink wrap thing and under that is the battery charger and head phones that I thought were fake generic ones but they were the old style ear buds from the galaxy s2, they still sound great and I like the looks of them they look more expensive than the standard ones you normally get BUT you loose volume up/down function but you still get play/pause button. So far the phone is working great I bought it so I can bring it to boost mobile because I don't like the white one plus I get an extra 16gb of storage. You do give up sprint spark bringing it to boost I don't know if I can change an "apn" or something because if you buy the s3 from boost you get spark but I don't care I switch my phone to cdma only "3g" so I get a lot better reception for some reason. Would I do it all over yes I'm like a die hard galaxy s3 fan I've had a 4 of these phones including this one. The other ones got stolen or I had to switch carriers. I will update if anything happens in the next 30 days*****update 03/24/15So today 03/24/15 my phone that I love so much will not turn on. Come to find out the power button is stuck and in result the phone will power on and stop at the Samsung logo and the screen goes black and that's all it does will not boot. I'm going to try to contact Amazon and see if they will do anything.
Its a great phone I just love!! It's really fast takes great pictures.Easy to navagate.It's got great battery life.Very Happy
Amazing upgrade from previous lg phone I had. Love it, wish adobe would make their flash player compatible with this model
everything that I wanted and 4g speed to bOot learning something new everyday about it beats my old droid hands down!
Girl fell in love the moment she saw it
Nice phone its actually purple mirage but i love the color i actually writing the review of the phone
👍🏽Good Thank you
It was perfect.
excelente
It is not pink, it is more like a light purple. It works perfectly i have no bad comments i love it!
Great product, good delivery time line.
Very nice cel phone. I upgraded it to JB and feels like an S4. Nice procesor. Good Camera, LTE. Thats exactly what i looking for a REAZONABLE PRICE.
Received my phone today and have been fiddling about with it since, first off I'd just like to state that I bought the phone from the seller "Breed" in the "new" condition and that is exactly what arrived today. The phone is free of any scratched or blemishes and was still in the factory packaging that is standard.Now getting to the phone itself, I have to say straight out of the box it runs nice and looks great. And after upgrading the phone to Android version 4.1.2, the phone runs it well with no foreseeable problems. Upon upgrading the phone gets a much better home-screen layout, ability to change lock-screen wallpaper, and a general revamp of interfaces for a much more streamline process.Edit: After putting the phone on Straight Talk, The call quality is crisp and clear and I have yet to see the phone use anything but the high speed 4g lte.As other reviews have pointed out, this phone is also very easy to root, being a first time rooter myself, I was easily able to find the necessary instructions to root the phone and install some very helpful apps that would normally be unavailable.Overall this phone is great even with it being an older phone and easy to use for people looking to get into the smart phone market.
perfecto
Love this phone. Does all i need and more, plus 4G. Calls are clear, Skype is clear. Could not be happier.
I received my phone and it was on time. Good thing I paid the extra $9 for 1-3 day shipping. It came with the charger. Everything worked great. Light scratches on the back. It was a used refurbished and it was a bargain.Now time to but a case and headphones.
I'm very pleased with my Skyrocket. I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this phone. Processors, Ram, etc. Though recently I've had a couple of bad purchases through third parties, this one is an excellent choice. Was exactly what the seller described. No problems or complaints here. Very happy with my phone.
perfect
The headset jack did not work. Have to replace the module.Otherwise, everything is fine
Purchaed this for my son, he loved his first smart phone.
very good phone unlocked for all GSM regular sim card like t-mobil ,at&t,digicel,ultra mobil,sample mobil ect .I buy this phone i like it ,the seller is very good the name is BB.I want to buy a second for my my friend.thank you amozon
works awesome no problems what all ever except the fact that it over heats from time to time but I guess that's normal
i got this phone about 6 months now and i have not had a problem with the phone it works well with my carrier as i am in the Caribbean never one day has it given me any issues.
Phone works perfectly with Net10s byop. Just change your APN settings and you're texting and surfing in no time. MMS works also.
Great phone. Does everything I want and I was able to use it with a low price carrier with no problems.
MY GIRL JUST LOVE THIS PHONE CAME UNLOCK AND READY TO USE RIGHT OUT THE BOX AND WITH HSPD ITS SUPER FAST
I bought this phone used back in June 2013 and I love it! Even with it being used it has been a wonderful phone and still going strong. It has good battery life, the camera takes amazing pics and sound quality is great. When I decide to upgrade again it will be a Samsung phone!
the telephone is fully functional, the battery lasts about 2 days with normal usage, the camera is not as I expected, in the low light photos looks bad even with the flashlight
todo en perfecto estado y funcionamiento, por qué tengo que escribir este montón de palabras si solo quiero calificar al vendedor
Excelente celular muy bueno practico cumplió con todas mis expectativas me encanta no tuvo errores ni daño muy bueno y elegante
I was afraid of the product, it is the first time that I bought a phone here, and let me tell you, the packaging was perfect, the phone really was unlocked as the tittle and the seller told me, it came perfect, brand new, and even with android 4.0 perfect phone, really recommended to anyone that want a great phone with ice cream sandwich
This phone is everything I could want in a smartphone. It's very fast, sharp, apps are great, price was right and the Walmart $45 dollar a month for unlimited talking, texting and internet is amazing. Plus you can easily transfer apps to a 32 GB micro SD card.
A marvelThe team I have had for 15 days and it really is a wonder! I'm in Venezuela and I have data plan with Movilnet and while still in my state does not lift the 4G, 3G connection literally flies. I can not qualify with 5 stars in functionality while charging the battery has a long life and the music player is a bit annoying to use because you have to put song by song but I attribute that to my inexperience in the world of smartphones. Furthermore actually clarified SGH I727 is the case even when it is specified I777. I really really recommend buying this computer because vendedpr eyes closed is very responsible and worthwhile experience in android
This phone is awesome. And the seller was extremely polite and eager to ensure satisfaction. Although the title says that this phone is "unlocked", the phone I received was not. I had to spend some cash to get the phone unlocked. When I told the seller about it, they instantly refunded me for the inconvenience. I recommend this product because this phone is unlike any phone I have ever had. I'm somewhat new to these kind of phones. Definitely hassle-free. Enjoy!
I have had my phone for about two weeks now and I am loving it. because it is my first smartphone I had to get a new sim card from AT&T, but as an out of contract customer this was provided at no cost to me. I am still trying to learn all of the bells and whistles and as it has been on the market for several years I'm sure there are other phones out there that have a lot more bling, but this one is good for me. the only real con I have found is because it is an older model phone I cannot find the type case and screen protector I want for the phone.. but I have a cute case on it (not so great for protection ) and hopefully since I have a quite lifestyle the screen will not need a protector. I tried the film kind and they did not work very well. For someone like me who just wants a good basic smart phone that has good internet features for accessing things like facebook and e-mail.. weather.. maps etc. it is a very good phone for the money. Looks great as well.. I love the white color.(especailly with my pink case)
It is a great phone if you take care of it, the only bad point is that the battery in this moment (I bought it 8 months) is starting to fail.
This is my second SII. The screen went on the first one. Would have replaced just the screen but the price is almost as much as a new phone. This would be my only complaint, but it is likely true of all touch phones. It arrived on time and exactly as it was described in the listing. There is an at&t logo on the front but it is unlocked. Both my T-mobile and Canadian Rogers SIMs work fine in it. The battery life is 24-36 hrs which is adequate.
The phone is designed well - The screen is a good size, it can run all the apps I use - which is quite a few and some of them require serious processing, and it's LTE capability doesn't disappoint. For a phone several years old it's awesome. Battery life is poor, though, so I had to purchase spare batteries.
This phone works greats and I have no complaints. I was with ATT and it got to expenseive. I use this phone for a no contract unlimited everything with Straight Talk. FABULOUS! I did have one problem though, I could not receive picture text messages. I could send anything in a text, I just could not receive a pic message. This was an issue with the provider, NOT the phone. However, I downloaded "Hangouts" app for text messageing and it worked perfectly. I love this phone. If you are looking for a phone that can help you manage your life with 1000's of apps, that is reasonably priced, this is it.
I will be travelling with this phone soon.So far i have nothing bad to say about this phone.It is working well. I will recommend it to anyone looking to buy aSamsung phone.
I love my phone. Didn't want the Galaxy 3, didn't like the look of it. Couldn't afford the iPhone 5, but I wanted a smartphone so I can check my email, look up directions, get on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. There are a lot of pre-installed apps that I love. Its sleek, with a a nice frame, and I like that it doesn't freeze up. I dropped it a few times so far no scratches no scrapes. Overall a really good phone, glad I bought it.
En lo que respecta al producto esta en buenas condiciones. Para recivir en destino se demoró un poco de lo previsto, incluso tuve que ir a retirar en las oficinas de correo.Exelente el celular...
El producto llegó antes de la fecha estimada y en caja sellada, excelente servicio. Compré 2 equipos y estoy muy contenta con mi compra. Haré mis próximas compras con ellos de nuevo!
I bought this for the Simple Mobile monthly phone plan of 40$ a month for unlimited text, phone, and internet. The phone works perfectly with the service. I highly recommend both!
acabo de adquirir este telefono y es grandioso. lo recomiendo. me lo enviaron rapidamente y esta funcionando muy bien. es excelente telefono y el servicio tambien
The item is exactly as described. I live in South Africa and use the unlocked phone here and works perfectly. Unpaid shipment took a while, but phone arrived;) Love the phone and would use this company again for purchases.
From I have purchased this I can say that this was a great buy. I am an international buyer and I am skeptical about purchasing certain phones because some don't work like they should in my country. However this AT&T Samsung galaxy s2 has yet to give me any problems. It works anywhere in the world allowing u to connect to. 4G network and has features that will entertain anyone. If you encounter any issues just shut it off, take out the battery for a minute. Once it is powered back on you are good to go. A great buy for anyone living outside the U.S.
EXCELLENT
It does the job it was intended for. I also bought one for my Galaxy S4 phone, not a working phone, but it did not work well. I couldn't get the bubbles out of it.. I had to take it off. .
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
very good
Good
Perfect phone thats why i purchase 3 pcs
I purchased this for my wife for our anniversary. This is her first Smart Phone and she loves it. She learned how to use it pretty quick and is still learning, T he only reason I did not give it 5 stars is, like every other Smart Phone, it has a faster battery drain (you are not going to go 3 days without a charge) and they do not have as good of a signal reception as our older phones. But, you have to give a little to get a lot. I own a lot of Samsung products and this also is not a disappointment.
Compradores en VenezuelaEl vendedor cumplió con la entrega a tiempo en la oficina de envíos a Miami. El equipo llego en perfecto estado y desbloqueado. El único detalle es que la memoria RAM no es de 1GB es de 780 MB sin embargo corre sin ningún problema realice la actualización al android jelly bean y corre muy bien. La calidad de la cámara es excelente 100% recomendado. comparable con el galaxy SII miniThe seller fulfilled delivery on time delivery office in Miami. The team arrived in perfect condition and unlocked. The only detail is that RAM is 1GB if not 780 MB but runs without problems you upgrade to android jelly bean and runs very well. The camera quality is excellent 100% recommended. comparable with the Galaxy SII mini
I had purchased several from people but this actually the first product ,I am writing about. The phone came right before the time I was expected which means that the seller means business, it works well, very good condition, I just LOOOOOOOVE It. Thank you!!
After researching for a good, fair-prized phone to replace my Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone {because it fell down and cracked (but still works ok), and needed something more modern}, I decided to buy Samsung Galaxy s2. I choose it because of it's fairly large screen size, light weight, and versatility applications. So far I'm not disappointed (used it for almost two weeks), performs greatly (no hiccups and switches apps very smoothly). I have even upgraded it the Jelly bean android 4.1.2 version with ease, and it's still working greatly. I only followed the instructions from Samsung support page to the letter!Over all great phone, especially for those who are not ready for Galaxy s3 or 4 yet. This will more than give you what you need- it's all a matter of application! Though I haven't used any of those I'm wondering if there will be much difference in functions. The battery is the problem so far- runs down quickly so that you're constantly charging. Maybe because I use it a lot, and run many applications on it!
LEVEL OF COMFORT IS MORE NOTICEABLE THAN FRACTIONS OF A MILLIMETER, AND WE FELT RIGHT AT HOME WITH THE SKYROCKET.By being a member of the Galaxy S II family, you've already come to know what to expect in the Skyrocket's hardware. The usual suspects are present: 1GB of RAM, an eight megapixel rear camera with an LED flash and 1080p video capture, a two megapixel front-facing camera and a WVGA Super AMOLED Plus display with a tried-and-true RGB matrix. Yet each device that bears Sammy's Galaxy S II logo still adds a few unique characteristics to give it a personality of its own, and the Skyrocket's definitely no exception.The Skyrocket is known as the Samsung Galaxy S II LTE in other parts of the globe for its obvious inclusion of next-generation network connectivity, a feature that certainly helps the phone stand out from the rest of the pack. It, like the HTC Vivid, has the heavy burden of ushering in a new era of smartphones on Ma Bell's lineup -- not unlike the LG CU500, the pioneer for HSDPA (3G) on Cingular a distant five years ago.
Nice cool little phone to have with all the right features, I would recommend this phone to someone else if they asked
Would have given this a 5 stars review but it did not come with the 2 batteries shown in the picture. It was in new condition and came with the ear buds shown, plus 3 different sizes in end caps which was nice. I have T-Mo service so I just popped in my SIM card from my old phone and this new one was good to go. Also, this does not come with a manual, just a "quick start" guide and a "safety and warranty" booklet. It is an ATT unlocked phone so it is preloaded with a bunch of ATT junk that I'm still trying to uninstall. Otherwise this was an excellent buy that I would not hesitate to recommend.....just don't be fooled in thinking you will receive an extra battery like the pic shows. It does come with a USB power cord and A/C adapter plug and one pre-charged battery. The 4G capability of the Skyrocket v. just the Galaxy II is a real plus.
Great phone, just what i wanted. Battery life is aweful though with the faster processor. Looking for a solution to that...
this phone. me gusta.
great phone great service
Exellent phone...
yes its
as expected
Wonderful buy
Excellent still since 2010
This superb phone with many features and being a techie, I have fully tested this phone. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Skyrocket S2 phone. Although I paid more to purchase this phone NEW, I am very glad that I did so as it is working wonderfully! My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me (with a 4.5" viewing screen like the S3 has). For me, I keep this phone inside a case and cover and it still fits easily into a rather small purse. And also I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music when I work out. Since the phone is lightweight, it is easy to wear on my waistband (in the storage case).- Unlocked Sim - Yes, the phone I received is NEW and I tested the Sim slot to make sure it was unlocked. First I inserted my neighbors T-Mobile standard Sim card (she has a pre-paid plan with no data plan). I simply popped it into the phone and it worked right out of the box, called someone and it worked great. Sent a text (with no pictures or attachments, just text and went fine). Then I removed her Sim and placed my own AT&T Activated Sim card (Standard sized card). With the T-Mobile and AT&T Sim cards, this phone worked perfectly as the phone is SIM UNLOCKED, the basic AT&T Logo is still there, the original AT&T Apps still there. But you can use say T-Mobile, Straight Talk, or MOST GSM Sim cards should work just fine--just make sure you buy the UNLOCKED ONE not the locked to AT&T one.However, if you want to use anything other than AT&T, please contact me in comments for the APN settings for Data and MMS as I have all the settings.One more thing if it says UNLOCKED rather than International Unlocked, it means that JUST THE SIM CARD SLOT is Unlocked for most GSM Standard Sized Sim Cards but still shows the AT&T Logo on the top front of the phone. Since I did not do anything on my neighbors Sim card but make a quick call and try it for about 30 minutes (she is thinking about buying this phone for herself and using T-Mobile as she does not an AT&T Account). Also, if you use WiFi like I do, no need for data unless you are in an out of WiFi area a lot of the time. For me, I am around WiFi 95 to 99 percent of the time!- LARGE SCREEN WITH GOOD RESOLUTION - This absolutely gorgeous screen measures 4.5 inches (seems larger) and it is just the right sized screen. Before this phone I used to use a Galaxy Note and Grand (both had 5 inch or more screens), both were too big, heavy and bulky. Now, I am using the S2 Skyrocket as the screen is large and has good resolution with 207 ppi (pixels per inch) and higher is better. This has a very sharp screen with easy to read screen. It looks to me as sharp as my old Galaxy Note I did and MUCH MUCH sharper than my Galaxy Grand (which just had 187 ppi and it was not as clear as the S2 Skyrocket) so that extra 20 pixels per inch makes a big difference in my opinion. Again, this screen is so vivid and clear!- STANDARD REGULAR SIZE SIM CARD: This phone has a regular/standard Sim card slot. (Note the S3 regular phone and S4 phones accept a micro Sim. So glad that this phone accepts a regular/standard Sim.-- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the ONE OF THE BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 16GB of Internal space. The 16GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 10.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- CAMERA - The 8MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a very good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.- OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. For me, I use an OTG Micro Adapter (S3 and S4 ones work) and am able to plug in a flash drive, mouse and more. Could not get my portable Hard Disk to work, but flash drives work fine.- NFC (Near Field Communication) has been advertised to work on this phone. Have not yet tried this feature.CONS:- No built in FM Radio like the regular SII has. Not a problem because I installed TuneIn Radio (free) from the Playstore and I can play lots of radio (FM or other) when WiFi is on.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
Awesome phone. Works so well. Wouldn't change anything for it. It works so well. I just love it. Thank you!
This phone is great! I've had it for a while and have had only one problem with it - the SD slot. Sometimes it wouldn't read the SD card. I changed the SD card and it seems to be working just fine now. Lightweight and not too big. I also like that it's white. It cam unlocked, so it's usable on other companies.
but the battery is a little weak. I don't think it's because the previous owner drained it. I think smart phones are just made with weak battery life these days. I ordered from Driven Wireless and they were great. My phone was one day later than expected but they were really on top of the tracking number and had a quick responses!
I was impressed with the size of the screen and all the features this phone has. For the price its better than the competition in phones.
This Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 2 Skyrocket has worked beautifully since it was purchased a few months ago. Although an older model, it was really ahead of it's time with features. It has 4G LTE as well as HSPA+ data speed. It has mostly been used on an AT&T MNVO (Straight Talk) which doesn't offer LTE, but have tried it on AT&T as well.It has good signal and call clarity. Battery life has been fine. It has gotten HEAVY use, especially on WI-FI.The seller, HassleFreeCell, gets 5 stars for service as it was delivered on time and new as described. I have purchased from them before and would again.
Just love it, but the Samsung kies is horrible. Couldn't update my phone to Jellybean threw that horrible program. Had to go to best buy to get it updated. Other than that, its been rock solid and I couldn't be more happy with my phone
My sister ordered this phone as her first smartphone, it works just great and brand new, she uses with a Mexican carrier and works fine. And all for less than 300 it's good.
I bought this phone and am using it with straight talk. Great phone that is fast and takes great pictures.
I have no complaints about the phone, mainly because I haven't had a chance to really use it. When I received the phone the battery was dead so I plugged it in and left it charging for a couple hours without using it. When I turned it on and started using it, it stayed charged for maybe an hour. I left it charging while I was sleeping and, 8 hours later), it had reached 50%. I turned it off thinking maybe it would reach full charge faster, but when I turned it back on after leaving it charging, it was down to 11%.Needless to say, I just had to order a new battery and I am stuck using an old phone until I receive my new battery. I'm just upset that I waited so long for the phone and now that I have it I have to wait longer to use it.
Perfect all across the board. And perfect now with the jellybean upgrade. Wish i could give it more stars. By far the best phone i've every purchased. Samsung 4-life
I fell in love with this phone. I'm not a big phone person and don't really care of having the latest technology or all that extra junk. Just needed a phone that was simple,more updated then my last phone, good picture quality and could run fast as I do go on the internet a lot and use my email for a lot of important things. This phone tops it all its super fast and I never knew how great an unlocked phone could be because my tmoblie service works great! Came in great condition and delivery was great and fast. Best decision I ever made with buying the perfect phone made for me! I love it so much thank you amazon and open group wireless! Excellent job :)
everything was fine only a detail contains no guarantee for sansumggreat productmeets my expectationsAll data are consistent
Arrived on time. Everything is as advertised :) I'm very happy with it!Oh and I would like to note that you should be careful when ordering a case for it on Amazon (the one I ordered did not fit and it took me a while to find one that did).
Well by the price I obtained this phone I know I didn't do a bad purchase, I knew this was a good phone because I have the international version so that's why I bought this one, the one I bought had a lot of scratches in the back but worth it, fast service (it arrived in 4 days).. The thing its that I don't know if I update the software I will lose the unlock but whatever.
loved the product..shipping was fast, I havent left it alone since i got the phone...its a good phone.. would recommend it
This phone is amazing, all the aspects and features are just great, it's a really fast phone, excellent android smartphone!!
It worked out fine. It is a temp cell while I wait for my upgrade.
Love it
Excelente telefono
So good!T moble prepaid using now
Good deal.
Great deal, us old guys need a little extra time to work through it. My granddaughter was a great help, I'm a pro at it now and I love the phone.Thanks "Amazon"... :)
I bought this phone September 28th 2013 as a birthday gift to myself. When it came to me everything was there that needed to be. The only thing that I did not like about the delivery was that it seemed as though it took a long time to finally get to me. Once I received the phone I went to my wireless carrier with the phone and they automatically connected it for me. The phone worked very well. Now that the phone has gotten older it is slower but that is to be expected. Considering the fact that I am a person who drops their phone almost 3 times a day I think that this is a fairly sturdy phone. I have three cracks on my screen but that is to be expected from someone like me. The only thing that I truly dislike about this phone is that it won't let me do system updates on it and that now it keeps having this voice talk up pop up at all times of the day. Another big thing about this phone is that it became very glitchy on me, and now will freeze then restart on its own. As of recently I will have to start the phone over sometimes in order for it to charge Phone is very sturdy and has been a great phone to me for as long as I have had it. Due to the glitches (which may have been caused by me dropping it) and the charging problem I now am going to get a new phone, but all in all this phone was very good. JUST DON'T DROP IT!!!!
as described
as described
Excellent Cellphone. It's very nice.
Nice
Nice phone, has everything I need and cost if quarter of newest model. Works as a charm.
Stylish and fastSmart and fast, but I do not like volume and power keys on opposite sides. because when I press the power button also I press the volume key
good
Delivered fast,everything as advertised, new and unlocked
am very well satisfied
I use it on the StraightTalk plan. No problems.
Fun phone. Not compatible with straight talk. Had nothing but data issues.
Good
Awesome phone. Just got it, still learning about all of it's features and setting it up to my taste, but so far I LOVE IT. It has much more features than I'm sure I will ever need, and so far I see no downside. Having access to the FULL Google Play App Store is wonderful.(I've recently returned a Firephone after trialing it for two weeks; and returned a defective foreign version, knock-off brand of another rugged smartphone).The Galaxy S2 Skyrocket I727 hit all of my desires/needs in a phone:It has expandable memory micro sd card; uses my existing regular size sim card; has a replaceable battery (should a new one be needed); front/rear camera; overall decent size screen and not too heavy; a system that responds to commands quickly; great signal strength in my area; has wi-fi capabilities that allow me to use my home networking to avoid data usage through my carrier....on and on.The seller- Cell Source's advertisement was spot on- Phone and all contents are in new shape with all original boxing, packaging, and items included exactly as listed. One Happy Customer!
It was a nice phone however after 6 months of research and time consuming shopping I come to find out that it is truly not unlocked and despite my efforts to assure correct frequency, 4G LTE capabilities, and numorous phone discussions with network techs, it just won't work with my provider...a disappointment to my daughter whose Xmas gift it was. Additionally, I find out after we get replacement that it didn't have emojis (which was disappointing to her!). Moral to the story...suck it up and by from your provider or switch providers!
Fantastic,beyond my expectation!! I trully recomende this phone it works great and gives you that kind of pleasure that you are looking for but couldn't find it.
my daughter didn't have any complaints, that's good enough for me... I did notice that this phone takes great pictures
Better than the G3. Better than iphone. This phone is just better. As long as you know what you are doing when it comes to unlocked phones and do all your research this is a great deal.The seller for this product is amazing as well. Got here in 2 days when I ordered just the free shipping from Amazon. I would recommend this sell for any items.
My first Android phone was a Samsung Captivate which I really enjoyed despite the three major flaws: poor battery life, under-powered processor and limited RAM (i.e. freezing and lagging) as well as limited storage. In comparison to the Samsung Captivate, the Samsung Skyrocket has a much bigger screen but feels lighter, has a more than capable processor as well as sufficient RAM (hence the phone never freezes or lags), it has greater battery capacity, and I can use a 32GB MicroSDHC card. I use a Diztronic Matte Back Clear Flexible TPU Case made for the Skyrocket (available on Amazon). Most people mistake the phone for the Galaxy S III. The two complaints I have about the phone: 1) the screen can run hot and 2) battery life is not stellar if you are actively using your cell or wi-fi signals. I would recommend definitely recommend this phone to mid-range to high end users, especially if the price is right. In addition, this phone was also easy to "root."
No issues yet!! Phone is working very well till now with no single issue as such. Great phone at great price!
good
It arrived on time, and the cell phone was brand new. I am using it in south america, it is working perfectly. It was unblock and in its correct box with everything! I am really happy with my order and I strongly recommend this cell phone.!
I initially was not sure whether that was the right item. I chose to try it anyhow. It is serving my needs. But the product was not identified as coming from AT&T. I am nevertheless satisfied that it is GSM and can be unlocked by myself.
Item arrived in great condition and operates correctly. The only negative issue is that it appears the phone was "unlocked" by AT&T. I was able to use T-mobile's data network, however, it was only capable of transmitting data on the EDGE network. I ended up just purchasing a plan with AT&T so I could load a webpage quicker than 5 minutes. It was only a minor gripe, and I overlooked it since the phone was priced very low for the condition of the phone.
This phone after being reset to factory settings, started to work properly with T-mobile and a European SIM card. Price is good, phone is not the latest on the market, but does what is supposed to do, and actually I think it has the right balance of what one needs out of a phone. The selling company was nice to call me after the first negative review and offer to replace the phone. Quite happy with the purchase.
I ordered this to replace an Iphone 4. I like this phone wayyyyy better than the Iphone. It's a little more than the cheaper androids on the market but it is a rock solid phone.. It's fast, never crashes on me.. It's great.
The phone works fine. I just would have prefered all at&t parts were gone and the phone was the same as the european version.
It worked with Tmobile. Nice big screen. Lots of android apps. It connects to WIFI easily. The only thing i don't like is it has an ATT logo on the front of the phone.
I love this phone. best phone i ever bought from amazon, very stylish and colourful and fast. love the apps, would recommend this phone to anyone who wants style and technology
awsome screen takes awsome pics and it has good battery life as well and it white i hate black phones the show scratches badley.
I love my samsung galaxy, the camara is perfect, the size is exactly that I need, I am still looking for a case, good seller, I would like to do business with him again.
I did a great purchase! Excellent condition, excellent price. I really recommend the phone and the seller. Plus, they contacted me few days after the purchase to ask for my oppinion and offering help in case of any problem. The charger does not work, to be honest, but it's not a big deal since I have lots of chargers at home.I insist. great phone, great seller. Buy it...
After browsing for several models of phone i compared this one with the S3 and it has minimal differences, the resolution is awesome as well as the way it execute the apps, having this will give you a really useful tool for the next 4 o 5 year i would say...maybe longer
I Love my Samsung Galaxy Sll !Great with size and is so easy to use! I would also use future purchases from Device Demon! Wonderful person to purchase from. Very honest, trustworthy and reliable.
I loved this product, was searching for a reduced cost Samsung Galaxy S2 but the Skyrocket blew me over. My only complaint is that this product did not come with the two extra batteries as seen in the product picture. I think the seller may have intentionally done this.The product description does not mention any accessories so complaining would of been futile. Product is new without any scratches, comes with headphones, charger and AT&T box with "Startup" Instructions. Due to it being an AT&T unlocked phone it does have a lot of AT&T apps but without much hassle can be uninstalled. Changed the Mobile Network settings to my current carriers easily. I would of given 5 stars if it came with the 2 extra batteries.
This phone is great, a good choice today, better than SIII mini but it's charger is the worst, is slow and sometimes it doesn't work
Good
mom loves her phone!
Excellent Product...100% recommended
Phone in excellent condition
Excellent Very good condition
it's ok
good product fast shipping
I like this phone it is easy to use and not to big.It meets all the good write ups I seen on it before I purchased it.but the battery doesn't seem to last a very long time.Could be I need new battery since I did buy it used.It is easy to find accessories for it still at good prices.
It is a GMS and is unlocked works well overseas, I use Sim cards.
Said it was new but came with damage to the outside. Phone works fine though.
exelente producto
Good phone for the money.
Good
love it
This is a good device for the price. It has everything I need.
excelente
Perfectas condiciones
I got a unopened new product as it said on time. It is also S2 i727 with LTE, not i777.I like it so far.
The cellphone was like new, i give it a 10 of 10, no scratches, all works properly, so i cant complain
Phone works perfectly though most of the paint on the side trim were scratch off but i was able to hide it with the case cover so it looks good now. So love the 4g feature of the phone.
This phone arrived as advertised,new, in perfect working order. It has the same setup as my Samsung tablet and was easy to put in apn settings for my own provider. The camera is awesome and screen size and quality are great! Very fast response time. This phone takes a regular sim card and mini for extra memory.
Phone was in excellent condition. Shipping was FAST!! When I get ready for my next Samsung I know exactly where to come!!I love this phone:) Great purchase!
It took firmware upgrade easily.Nice shape and color.Good processor and fast.And the seller shipped the item before the expected delivery date.Works fine with ultra,T-mobile,simplemobile etc. You'll need to charge the battery at least twice.After using more than two months,I think I can give it 3.8 star out of 5.Camera feature is cool.Sound clarity at its best.
While the Galaxy SII Slkyrocket has been replaced by the S3 and S4, the old Skyrocket is still a great phone. It can be upgraded to the Jelly Bean operating system, which modernized the interface quite a bit.
Love my Galaxy skyrocket 2 !! Great everything great buy. . . at first i was skeptical about buying but im in love now.
We ordered 2 phones. One we love, the other not so much. The Android version of the 2 phones is different and we can't get it to update. That alone makes a huge difference in performance and battery life of the 2. Averaging the two phones I give it a 4.
Item just as described, works perfectly. So far no inconvenience. It was a gift for my father, and so far he is happy with it.
Great Quality!. Thanks a lot! the color, and all of it. Great power in a good price! I recomend it
This is the best phone I have ever had. It may me a dual core but this thing is fast. This phone excels on 4gLTE. Its screen is big enough to give you rich detail on apps but not so big that it keeps falling out of your hand. The led flash can brighten up the darkest room
The phone was delivered on time and it's everything I expected. The phone has a great camera. The only thing I dislike about the phone is the difficulty to find cases for it in store. I had to order them online and won't receive them for several more days.
It works fine, came unlocked but i had to fix a problem with the screen and the power button. Im satisfied with the phone, no complaints about it! :)
Awesome phone and great customer service. I love having a unlocked phone so I don't have to be tied down for 2 years with a contract. I would recommend buying from USWireless again. My package was deliverd very fast!! Thank You!
I love it. That's it :P Got a case for it and use it constantly for music, movies, and communication. 1 day battery life plus some. Use it with a $45 Go Phone plan and never have any problems.
A+++++++++Goodshiping and as he sade like new. The most important that 4G is working fine in my area. That what i need.Thanks
While I'm still learning the device, I must say it is quite versatile and can be a useful tool to anyone, irrespective of your profession or involvement.
Has some trouble running on a t-mobile network... It is an AT&T unlocked phone! Nice size screen and slim design
It was a great deal.
Great+++++++!
perfect
Awesome!
I am satisfied with my S.G. S2 skyrocket purchase. GOOD phone.
It's a very good phone and everybody must one.
Excelent
I finally switched to smartphones, and even though this phone was released 2.5 years ago, the available features cover everything I need. The display is large and bright, and the phone is slim. The back cover is plastic that feels cheap and I'm a litlle worried about breaking it when I remove or replace it. The volume during calls is also a little too low even at the highest setting. I like everything else about this phone.
I love this phone. It is feature packed. Dislikes only that there is a bot of bloatware, but you can disable it. The battery does not last long if you leave everything running though, so be sure to take advantage of disabling the bloatware.
i love my phone its awesome price was great and the size was even better. lite weight takes great photos use it on straighttalk plan watch alot of movies on it
I ordered this phone from US Wireless and when it came, all the things I needed was in the box: the phone, charger, and a manual (for preparations). It was new, and what surprised me was that the OS has already been upgraded to 4.1. Not only that, the battery was fully charged and the phone was unlocked. The only thing I needed to do was to pop in my SIM and memory card and it works. There were a lot of apps that were preinstalled that I didn't need and luckily, this phone can disable the apps, which helped saved battery consumption and memory space. Battery is decent, memory is decent, everything is decent. Basically, this Android is a very good decent phone.
got 2 of these phones for my wife and i. they work great. be warned these do see fake gs2 here on amazon even on prime. i had to return the first two i got lucky the second to i got was the real ones.
This cellphone is awesome, arrived in good conditions and works very very well. No complaints about it. Everything ok. Buy without doubts
I just recieved my phone today and so far so good. The 4g is really fast and everything is working properly. I really love this phone. The only draw back was that I received it a day later than the estimated arrival time, but rather than that I am a very satisfied customer. Also, switching to this phone was easy, I just placed my SIMS card in it and my service automatically switched over to it. I would definitely recommend this phone, and the price is a great buy as well.
The cellphone is perfect for me!!It came completely unlocked and in the color I wanted.Is the perfect size... and the applications wrks really good!!
I like the product. But I don't like the warranty policy and the live chat customer services. I asked them how to find out the warranty through the IMEI, I chat with 3 of them, each one gives me different answer ...Apple can go to a website, type in IMEI and see the warranty.
was good. my mom went back home and the fun worked she didnt need to pay somebody to unlocked. was good.
It's almost the Samsun siii with the same apps I love the size not to big not to small perfect
Bueno me ha gustado demasiado so i really like it!
This phone is Evan better then they described. Would get another one anytime.
me gusto.tank you jp,m.
sorry you did not write all well before the cell as described thanks hope to buy from you
I absolute love this phone, I purchased it for my 12 yr old daughter and she hasn't broken it yet!! It's a very good phone
excellent the cell came perfeccct follow purchased her
Excellent team S series, I works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar, as an accessory brings the charger only.
My daughter who is really hard to please when it comes to PHONES .(..Lol,) really LOVES her phone., she said it has all the applications she was looking for in a phone..need I say much?...Lol
I just got my phone in the mail last night and had it set up within 5 minutes of charging it (thank you SIM card!). I couldn't be happier! Though I've admittedly only had it 1 day, the phone itself is in great condition and works extremely well. The service is hands down SO much better than Sprint. With Sprint, I couldn't get a signal anywhere... not at work, not at home, not on my 1+hr train commute.... for 2 years! With this phone (and the AT&T) network, I'm even able to make calls from elevators!!! I'm so happy and excited that I'm telling everyone I know about it.
I like the weight is light and work properly, and still working excellent. This product is helpful like I said works great
Bought the phone to use with straight talk. Unfortunately, can't get the sim card from them now, although there website says you can. Loved the phone. Not thrilled with straight talk. But what do you expect from Verizon.Bought from Phone Max. Easily returned.Thanks Phone Max
I absolutely love this smart phone! Bought an iPhone 4S and ended up returning it. The Android OS is way better than iOS, amazing apps! The phone quality is, too. The only weakness in the box is the manual. A blurry copy in small print, not helpful in anyway for a user standpoint. But as far as the phone goes, I am glad I made the right choice.
It doesn't work for T-Mobile 4G network. After realizing that, I asked refund it. But, I had the box and manual because I threw it away. I just wrapped it with bubble. They gave me full amount back. Thank you for that. However, they should have given the more detailed description that T-mobile users might not purchas it.
this phone is the best and it has all the feature i wanted and its pretty fast. i love it!
Brand new.....charged for a little while and she powered up and connected without a skip to the AT&T network. I was a bit leary before ordering, but have to say, now pleased beyond any expectation! Not a blemish anywhere.
I'm happy with the phone but the only thing was that the charger didn't charge the phone I had to buy a new charger and also I pay extra for shipping but it took longer then the time it said to be shipped .
Excellent phone for straight talk perfect, just want I wanted, cell phone companies should do this instead of $90 monthly service and a price break on a phone, i've got $360.00 into this phone with sim and accessories , but my monthly is only $41.33, for unlimited everything, sweetness
I've always liked Samsung phones and this one is the best I've had.If you're looking for an unlocked GSM cellphone, BUY THIS ONE.You will not regret it.
Brand new as described using with straight talk all you had to do add a new APN I copied it off my old phone 4G fast lot of bloatware from AT&T put it all in a folder so I don't have to look at got the phone three days earlier than expected been using it for a week or so no problems no issues I think this is a great buy
Even though there are new versions of the Galaxy series phone; this is still a great phone....once recieved; all i did was insert my current sim card from my carrier and configured new APN setting to receive data and BAM! works perfect...with a new software update; phone works perfect, thank you...
This Samsung is extremnely fast . Can do just about anything with it. Several draw backs - since I did have an Apple 4 previously ( Did not replace Apple 4 which was stolen because of cost differential) Samsung is not as user freindly in addition when using the unit outside in daylight it is extremely difficult to see because of glare. Indoors the resolution is great .
I'm a big fan of the GALAXY'S! Anyways this phone is great, its 4.5 inch screen is perfect to watch videos or movies. The camera quality is great and also the front camera quality is good. It also records videos in HD. I love this phone because its very fast and it doesn't slow down if I have various apps running at the same time. Only problem I had was that the phone wasn't unlocked when I received it. I called my seller and they kindly provided the unlock code. If your buying this phone buy it from WIRELESS EXPERTS they have good customer service.
I choose this product because of its look, functionality, and compact.This is what every educated person can use, it is friendly in usage.Most of my friends are willing to procure the handset.
tremendo telefono, mi hija esta fascinada con el tiene un procesador rapido y una capacidad como nola he visto en otro
It's not good for Tmobile user because it does not have some band that tmobile runs on. It works on tmobile but data reception in very poor other than the areas where LTE availble. I returned it beacuse I was tmobile user and didn't have LTE reception at home.
I received the phone in a timely manner. After a few snafus created by NET10, it works great. Just needed to update to latest Android version.
Fast,bright phone, not too big for my female hand.Too lightweight of phone therefore I bought at once for it a cover. It is convenient to read books FB2.Well catches wi fi, I watch transfer online.I bought more than six months ago, still all ok! I am happy!
I have straight talk & this phone is great with this carrier. All I had to do is charge the battery & insert my sim card.
The phone came to me as it was in the description, fine, so far everything is working me in perfect condition. Thank you....
good condition according to web offering. I think the battery has some wear and it'll be necessary to change it soon, but is normal conviction
Today i have received this phone. This is my first smart phone and it is amazing. Today i have received this phone. This is my first smart phone and it is amazing.
the resolution is so high.I really like it. works good and smooth. I bought it used. there are some cosmetic imperfections on the back that was mentioned by the seller. it came really fast on expedited shipping with a few bucks more. but it is worth the money i paid. I like it.
This phone is super cool. Its my first android phone. It has great memory,easy to manage settings and a very nice camera. The shipping was free and it came with the original box and the typical phone package accessories.
Phone was new in the box. Bought from "The Wireless Circle". This is a very good phone. Really nice. Everything is working perfect, so far.
Good quality. Fast. No problems.
nicee
WORKS WELL SO FAR
fine very responsible
this is a very good phone I would recommend it to anyone
good phone
Received this phone the other day and it's exactly what I needed. It is a refurbished phone but it's in excellent condition. No scratches or visible sign of use. Came in original box with all necessary accessories. All I had to do was slip my already owned and active AT&T sim card (from a broken phone I was replacing with this one) into the slot and voila! Back to business as usual. Didn't need to contact AT&T, unlock or register anything online, etc. It just works period. And is set for service in the United States, east coast to be specific. Thanks for excellent service and a perfect product. Please be advised that you may want to double check but I'm almost positive that this phone will only work with an AT&T plan and not T-MOBILE. I was told that the Skyrocket version of the Galaxy S2 was exclusive to AT&T. I am confident that it will 100% work great on AT&T networks but if you have any other cell carriers call them first and ask if the Skyrocket can be activated on their network. I'm pretty sure the answer is no. Hope this helps anyone interested. =)
Just got my new phone and love it for sure. Great price and does all I want plus more. Would recommend this product over and over again
Excelent Phone it give me a lot of good memories, samsung needs to produce it again :D
Great phone, unlocked as advertised. Is fast and easy to use. I recommend
good
love my phone . i wanted to wait and use it for a bit bedore i wrote review. works great . came brand nee in box.
Excellent
bought it as a gift. My nephew requested it. He is happy with it.
excelente
Good product
Well it's almost what I expected thanks
excellent
very goob
fully working condition
excelent 100% + + + + +
very-very good
everything is good
excelent
This phone is so sweet! It is fast and smooth in operation. It so easy to use and the size is easy to see.Best phone have ever had so I am very happy.
Hasta ahora todo muy bien con el producto y el servicio fué muy bueno, por lo tanto recomiendo al vendedor.
Greetings from venezuela, excelente producto, fue enviado correctamente, en buen estado y el equipo funciona perfectamentep.d: esperaba que viniera con audifonos
This is by far the best phone I have owned so far.It's fast and responsive. So far no complaints. Two thumbs up!
Best phone I have ever had! I will never go back to iphone. This phone just has so many great things, I don't know where to start! Very very very please with this phone!
phone is working proper and i have no problem so far. the phone is in good condition. was a good buy
it is high quality super disign, awsome excellent item. thanks. I am really happy and lucky to have it. super.
LOVEEEE this telephone, i had never have problems with it, really the price is nothing for this telephone i recommend it!
its not the newest thing out there... but i have not had any issues with it. I like this phone and maybe one day.. when this is broken i will get another galaxy model.
I love the Samsung Galaxy phones but I needed an emergency replacement. I ordered one and had it shipped overnight. When I opened the box, it was missing a new SIM card, an image was burned into the screen, and the battery was bad (wouldn't hold a charge). I was very disappointed. The phone is great. Battery usage is not the best when you leave the background updates option on. I turn that off and do updates manually about once a week.
I like this phone, but there is two problems with these android phones, battery life is short and the memory is never enough to hold all the apps made on the phone plus any additional downloads I want to add.
Iphone is just overated. This cel phone is waaaay too good for the price you are paying. It run perfect!
Best phone I've owned yet. Came with all the accessories listed in description. No problems, no complaints, no bull. Two thumbs up. :)
I waited a while to review this, because it was rather an adjustment from Apple to Android. But now I find this phone easy to use and the apps just as useful if not more so. I needed an AT&T compatible device that would use a go-phone account and this one did the job without a hitch.
very good
Excellent
I like but don't was unloked
Love it
I ordered this phone used from SonnerSoft Electronics & was overall very pleased with my order! For an older Samsung Galaxy S series model, it can handle some heavy apps & games, with few exceptions, It's almost completely bug & glitch free as long as you know how to use it properly (I recommend getting a security app like Malwarebytes because, well, Android gets viruses) It came in the exact condition theey described save for one thing...The battery had a short-ish life since I got it used, and when I reported this to SonnerSoft, they were prompt in refunding me enough to get a new battery!Very pleased with my purchase & I recommend this phone for anyone wanting a smartphone that's cheap but still as awesome as the current models.
I am so happy I chose to buy a Galaxy. The operating system is easy (jelly bean), and fast. If Samsung keeps making them like this I will continue to buy them.
I received my phone today. It arrived unlocked as promised in the original Samsung packaging. All I had to do was pop in my SIM card and turn it on. Maneuvering the device is simple. The display is sharp and of great quality. It was very securely packaged. I love it and am glad I chose to purchase it.
I had good experience Good condition and good working as described in article all is ok. Good good good thanks
I love this phone. I love the size and weigh of it. I just think that it can be a bit cheaper, but I love that it's completely unlocked.
I had a very good experience,my skyrocket came on fifth day,phone looked flawless,worls flawless,i would absolutely recommend us wireless as a good source,thank you us wireless, Ellis
I bought it a week ago and so far so good.Since I changed the OS to Kit Kat (unofficial) by means of this ROM: [...]The only thing I notice is an abnormal battery drain, but I estimate to be the unofficial ROM.Overall this phone filled my expectations and I am happy to have purchased.
Beautiful phone! Is in perfect condition. It came when it was supposed to. I would definitely recommend this seller and will buy from them again. I have the Samsung Galaxy S II by Sprint and it is the same size phone but they are different. The camera is in the same position on the back but the speaker is on the opposite side so when ordering a case for the Att phone you have to pay attention to this. This is the Skyrocket and it is different then other Galaxy SII's. It is a fantastic phone and I am glad I purchased it.
I like this phone very much I had a Samsung Exibhit 2 before thats why you can see that I like it a lot... bigger screen and fast. I had no problems with it yet but i'm hoping I wont have any... they delivered it on time. Overall I'm very happy with the phone for this price. Excelente Telefono me gusta mucho.
it is ok very good condition and the best every thing works I am talking about the software the internet it works whit all the conexion to wifi the playstore is very good I like it
As this is my first cell phone in 9 years I honestly didn't know what to expect, but when it arrived and I started playing around with it a little I must say this phone is a must have for those who don't want to spend a crazy amount of money or a first time phone. It does everything I want it to and more.
Works good so far. Came unlocked & it is compatible in the Caribbean to work with b mobile sim cards
good quality and very useful. it is perfect a equipment and it is totally unlocked, you can use every where. Price is very good as you need. Delivery is so fast
This superb phone with many features and being a techie, I have fully tested this phone. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Skyrocket S2 phone. Although I paid more to purchase this phone NEW, I am very glad that I did so as it is working wonderfully! My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me (with a 4.5" viewing screen like the S3 has). For me, I keep this phone inside a case and cover and it still fits easily into a rather small purse. And also I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music when I work out. Since the phone is lightweight, it is easy to wear on my waistband (in the storage case).- Unlocked Sim - Yes, the phone I received is NEW and I tested the Sim slot to make sure it was unlocked. First I inserted my neighbors T-Mobile standard Sim card (she has a pre-paid plan with no data plan). I simply popped it into the phone and it worked right out of the box, called someone and it worked great. Sent a text (with no pictures or attachments, just text and went fine). Then I removed her Sim and placed my own AT&T Activated Sim card (Standard sized card). With the T-Mobile and AT&T Sim cards, this phone worked perfectly as the phone is SIM UNLOCKED, the basic AT&T Logo is still there, the original AT&T Apps still there. But you can use say T-Mobile, Straight Talk, or MOST GSM Sim cards should work just fine--just make sure you buy the UNLOCKED ONE not the locked to AT&T one.However, if you want to use anything other than AT&T, please contact me in comments for the APN settings for Data and MMS as I have all the settings.One more thing if it says UNLOCKED rather than International Unlocked, it means that JUST THE SIM CARD SLOT is Unlocked for most GSM Standard Sized Sim Cards but still shows the AT&T Logo on the top front of the phone. Since I did not do anything on my neighbors Sim card but make a quick call and try it for about 30 minutes (she is thinking about buying this phone for herself and using T-Mobile as she does not an AT&T Account). Also, if you use WiFi like I do, no need for data unless you are in an out of WiFi area a lot of the time. For me, I am around WiFi 95 to 99 percent of the time!- LARGE SCREEN WITH GOOD RESOLUTION - This absolutely gorgeous screen measures 4.5 inches (seems larger) and it is just the right sized screen. Before this phone I used to use a Galaxy Note and Grand (both had 5 inch or more screens), both were too big, heavy and bulky. Now, I am using the S2 Skyrocket as the screen is large and has good resolution with 207 ppi (pixels per inch) and higher is better. This has a very sharp screen with easy to read screen. It looks to me as sharp as my old Galaxy Note I did and MUCH MUCH sharper than my Galaxy Grand (which just had 187 ppi and it was not as clear as the S2 Skyrocket) so that extra 20 pixels per inch makes a big difference in my opinion. Again, this screen is so vivid and clear!- STANDARD REGULAR SIZE SIM CARD: This phone has a regular/standard Sim card slot. (Note the S3 regular phone and S4 phones accept a micro Sim. So glad that this phone accepts a regular/standard Sim.-- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the ONE OF THE BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 16GB of Internal space. The 16GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 10.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- CAMERA - The 8MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a very good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.- OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. For me, I use an OTG Micro Adapter (S3 and S4 ones work) and am able to plug in a flash drive, mouse and more. Could not get my portable Hard Disk to work, but flash drives work fine.- NFC (Near Field Communication) has been advertised to work on this phone. Have not yet tried this feature.CONS:- No built in FM Radio like the regular SII has. Not a problem because I installed TuneIn Radio (free) from the Playstore and I can play lots of radio (FM or other) when WiFi is on.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
Awesome phone. Works so well. Wouldn't change anything for it. It works so well. I just love it. Thank you!
This phone is great! I've had it for a while and have had only one problem with it - the SD slot. Sometimes it wouldn't read the SD card. I changed the SD card and it seems to be working just fine now. Lightweight and not too big. I also like that it's white. It cam unlocked, so it's usable on other companies.
but the battery is a little weak. I don't think it's because the previous owner drained it. I think smart phones are just made with weak battery life these days. I ordered from Driven Wireless and they were great. My phone was one day later than expected but they were really on top of the tracking number and had a quick responses!
I was impressed with the size of the screen and all the features this phone has. For the price its better than the competition in phones.
This Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 2 Skyrocket has worked beautifully since it was purchased a few months ago. Although an older model, it was really ahead of it's time with features. It has 4G LTE as well as HSPA+ data speed. It has mostly been used on an AT&T MNVO (Straight Talk) which doesn't offer LTE, but have tried it on AT&T as well.It has good signal and call clarity. Battery life has been fine. It has gotten HEAVY use, especially on WI-FI.The seller, HassleFreeCell, gets 5 stars for service as it was delivered on time and new as described. I have purchased from them before and would again.
Just love it, but the Samsung kies is horrible. Couldn't update my phone to Jellybean threw that horrible program. Had to go to best buy to get it updated. Other than that, its been rock solid and I couldn't be more happy with my phone
My sister ordered this phone as her first smartphone, it works just great and brand new, she uses with a Mexican carrier and works fine. And all for less than 300 it's good.
todo en perfecto estado y funcionamiento, por qué tengo que escribir este montón de palabras si solo quiero calificar al vendedor
Excelente celular muy bueno practico cumplió con todas mis expectativas me encanta no tuvo errores ni daño muy bueno y elegante
I was afraid of the product, it is the first time that I bought a phone here, and let me tell you, the packaging was perfect, the phone really was unlocked as the tittle and the seller told me, it came perfect, brand new, and even with android 4.0 perfect phone, really recommended to anyone that want a great phone with ice cream sandwich
This phone is everything I could want in a smartphone. It's very fast, sharp, apps are great, price was right and the Walmart $45 dollar a month for unlimited talking, texting and internet is amazing. Plus you can easily transfer apps to a 32 GB micro SD card.
A marvelThe team I have had for 15 days and it really is a wonder! I'm in Venezuela and I have data plan with Movilnet and while still in my state does not lift the 4G, 3G connection literally flies. I can not qualify with 5 stars in functionality while charging the battery has a long life and the music player is a bit annoying to use because you have to put song by song but I attribute that to my inexperience in the world of smartphones. Furthermore actually clarified SGH I727 is the case even when it is specified I777. I really really recommend buying this computer because vendedpr eyes closed is very responsible and worthwhile experience in android
This phone is awesome. And the seller was extremely polite and eager to ensure satisfaction. Although the title says that this phone is "unlocked", the phone I received was not. I had to spend some cash to get the phone unlocked. When I told the seller about it, they instantly refunded me for the inconvenience. I recommend this product because this phone is unlike any phone I have ever had. I'm somewhat new to these kind of phones. Definitely hassle-free. Enjoy!
perfect
The headset jack did not work. Have to replace the module.Otherwise, everything is fine
Purchaed this for my son, he loved his first smart phone.
I bought this phone and am using it with straight talk. Great phone that is fast and takes great pictures.
I have no complaints about the phone, mainly because I haven't had a chance to really use it. When I received the phone the battery was dead so I plugged it in and left it charging for a couple hours without using it. When I turned it on and started using it, it stayed charged for maybe an hour. I left it charging while I was sleeping and, 8 hours later), it had reached 50%. I turned it off thinking maybe it would reach full charge faster, but when I turned it back on after leaving it charging, it was down to 11%.Needless to say, I just had to order a new battery and I am stuck using an old phone until I receive my new battery. I'm just upset that I waited so long for the phone and now that I have it I have to wait longer to use it.
Perfect all across the board. And perfect now with the jellybean upgrade. Wish i could give it more stars. By far the best phone i've every purchased. Samsung 4-life
I fell in love with this phone. I'm not a big phone person and don't really care of having the latest technology or all that extra junk. Just needed a phone that was simple,more updated then my last phone, good picture quality and could run fast as I do go on the internet a lot and use my email for a lot of important things. This phone tops it all its super fast and I never knew how great an unlocked phone could be because my tmoblie service works great! Came in great condition and delivery was great and fast. Best decision I ever made with buying the perfect phone made for me! I love it so much thank you amazon and open group wireless! Excellent job :)
everything was fine only a detail contains no guarantee for sansumggreat productmeets my expectationsAll data are consistent
Arrived on time. Everything is as advertised :) I'm very happy with it!Oh and I would like to note that you should be careful when ordering a case for it on Amazon (the one I ordered did not fit and it took me a while to find one that did).
Well by the price I obtained this phone I know I didn't do a bad purchase, I knew this was a good phone because I have the international version so that's why I bought this one, the one I bought had a lot of scratches in the back but worth it, fast service (it arrived in 4 days).. The thing its that I don't know if I update the software I will lose the unlock but whatever.
loved the product..shipping was fast, I havent left it alone since i got the phone...its a good phone.. would recommend it
This phone is amazing, all the aspects and features are just great, it's a really fast phone, excellent android smartphone!!
I have had my phone for about two weeks now and I am loving it. because it is my first smartphone I had to get a new sim card from AT&T, but as an out of contract customer this was provided at no cost to me. I am still trying to learn all of the bells and whistles and as it has been on the market for several years I'm sure there are other phones out there that have a lot more bling, but this one is good for me. the only real con I have found is because it is an older model phone I cannot find the type case and screen protector I want for the phone.. but I have a cute case on it (not so great for protection ) and hopefully since I have a quite lifestyle the screen will not need a protector. I tried the film kind and they did not work very well. For someone like me who just wants a good basic smart phone that has good internet features for accessing things like facebook and e-mail.. weather.. maps etc. it is a very good phone for the money. Looks great as well.. I love the white color.(especailly with my pink case)
The phone is designed well - The screen is a good size, it can run all the apps I use - which is quite a few and some of them require serious processing, and it's LTE capability doesn't disappoint. For a phone several years old it's awesome. Battery life is poor, though, so I had to purchase spare batteries.
This phone works greats and I have no complaints. I was with ATT and it got to expenseive. I use this phone for a no contract unlimited everything with Straight Talk. FABULOUS! I did have one problem though, I could not receive picture text messages. I could send anything in a text, I just could not receive a pic message. This was an issue with the provider, NOT the phone. However, I downloaded "Hangouts" app for text messageing and it worked perfectly. I love this phone. If you are looking for a phone that can help you manage your life with 1000's of apps, that is reasonably priced, this is it.
I will be travelling with this phone soon.So far i have nothing bad to say about this phone.It is working well. I will recommend it to anyone looking to buy aSamsung phone.
Thank you
Very nice high quality
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Just as described thanks!!
Nice phone.
great phone, arrived before i expected, and was as discribed. And wonderful costumer service :)
excelent
Excelent seller, all good
Work fine
excelente
Good Phone as described in the page, arrived just in time. Perfect unlocked phone with big touch screen an powerful processor, very fast response.
Love it. My first Android, and it's a keeper. At first I worried about the size being too big but now given the nice screen the size is very manageable and comfortable. Today my Otter case arrived, fits nice but does make the phone bulkier. H&P Electronics shipped fast and unlocked as advertised. Had problem getting WI-FI to work so had to call Samsung who said it happens sometimes advised to do a factory reset. Did that and problem is fixed. I've had other samsung phones and they do a nice job. The preloaded AT&T apps have to get deleted but that's the only down side for me. Great phone think my son already has his eye on this one.
After reading all the hype about the S3 that just came out, I wasn't sure if I would be happy with a "lesser" model. Plus I have been lusting over the huge screen on the Galaxy Note, and wondering whether to buy one of those. I am happy to say that I cannot imagine being happier with either of those two phones. This phone is amazing - it's fast, it has a wonderful display, and the voice recognition software is excellent. The seller did a great job of shipping the phone and the phone arrived exactly as advertised.The only problem I had was with AT&T. I live & work in Egypt and came home for the summer. So I went to AT&T with an older phone (the S2 had not yet arrived) and asked for a SIM card and whatever plan they could give me to keep me connected for the next two months. They hooked me up with GoPhone and said I could add the data plan when my new phone arrived. When I got the S2 I put in the SIM card and called AT&T to add a data plan. After about 12 hours I still couldn't connect, so I called AT&T - they said that since this is a 4G phone they had no 4G data plan through GoPhone. So I went to the local AT&T store, where it took an hour to get hooked up with a regular account and not lose the money I had already spent. I finally learned that I could have gone to several other pay-as-you-go carriers for about half the price. Needless to say, when the summer is over I will not be interested in working with AT&T again.The only other complaint is the crapware AT&T adds to the phone - I'll have to do some research to see how to get rid of it; they don't offer an uninstall feature for most of it.Bottom line is this phone is everything I hoped it would be and more - I recommend it highly. Samsung, great job. AT&T - you seriously need to get your act together.
Mobile deals is great at rendering out their support and service, especially even after sales service.After i have purchase the samsung galaxy phone, i am taking my own risk to upgrade the OS of my phone from Android ginger bread 2.3.6 to Ice cream sandwich 4.0, but worried about this unlocked version will become lock again, however the seller provided me with the unlock code just in case it is locked again... big thumbs up!
It is a brand new and unlocked AT&T Samsung Galaxy S II i77 as described by the seller Surge Telecom with all necessary accessories. The phone took H+ Digicel Haiti network fresh out the box, very fast phone with a dual core 1.2 Ghz processor, 1GB ram and 16 GB internal memory with dual camera of 8 and 2 MP. I read other reviews on the internet saying that network selection mode was locked in the rom by AT&T but on mine i can select network manually but FM radio has been disabled in the ROM by AT&T but there are a lot of apps on the android market available for local and online radio stations. The battery is the worst thing of the phone as every smart phones today. This is one of the best smart phone out there if it is not the best, outshine the iphone in term of performance but the iphone has a better battery and a good built quality comparing to the galaxy S II, Which is a plastic phone but has to be due to size and weight. I left Blackberry 9900 for it, i am a big fan of apple products and owe lots of but decided to try this one instead of getting an iphone and i can tell you this is the best choice, for me this is the best phone out now. Hope that AT7T enables radio FM and come out the ICS update for the phone in the coming days.
Great screen great camera very fast. The color and image quality on the screen is amazing, the camera quality is fantastic and the phone is super fast.
This phone is insane I haven't been able to put it down for the last 6 hours. I am totally mesmerized, Iphone who? cant believe I was considering a new iphone. This is the best of both worlds without the apple BS! that all I have to say. Once u go galaxy u can never go back.
I purchased this for my wife for our anniversary. This is her first Smart Phone and she loves it. She learned how to use it pretty quick and is still learning, T he only reason I did not give it 5 stars is, like every other Smart Phone, it has a faster battery drain (you are not going to go 3 days without a charge) and they do not have as good of a signal reception as our older phones. But, you have to give a little to get a lot. I own a lot of Samsung products and this also is not a disappointment.
Compradores en VenezuelaEl vendedor cumplió con la entrega a tiempo en la oficina de envíos a Miami. El equipo llego en perfecto estado y desbloqueado. El único detalle es que la memoria RAM no es de 1GB es de 780 MB sin embargo corre sin ningún problema realice la actualización al android jelly bean y corre muy bien. La calidad de la cámara es excelente 100% recomendado. comparable con el galaxy SII miniThe seller fulfilled delivery on time delivery office in Miami. The team arrived in perfect condition and unlocked. The only detail is that RAM is 1GB if not 780 MB but runs without problems you upgrade to android jelly bean and runs very well. The camera quality is excellent 100% recommended. comparable with the Galaxy SII mini
I had purchased several from people but this actually the first product ,I am writing about. The phone came right before the time I was expected which means that the seller means business, it works well, very good condition, I just LOOOOOOOVE It. Thank you!!
After researching for a good, fair-prized phone to replace my Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone {because it fell down and cracked (but still works ok), and needed something more modern}, I decided to buy Samsung Galaxy s2. I choose it because of it's fairly large screen size, light weight, and versatility applications. So far I'm not disappointed (used it for almost two weeks), performs greatly (no hiccups and switches apps very smoothly). I have even upgraded it the Jelly bean android 4.1.2 version with ease, and it's still working greatly. I only followed the instructions from Samsung support page to the letter!Over all great phone, especially for those who are not ready for Galaxy s3 or 4 yet. This will more than give you what you need- it's all a matter of application! Though I haven't used any of those I'm wondering if there will be much difference in functions. The battery is the problem so far- runs down quickly so that you're constantly charging. Maybe because I use it a lot, and run many applications on it!
Nice cool little phone to have with all the right features, I would recommend this phone to someone else if they asked
Would have given this a 5 stars review but it did not come with the 2 batteries shown in the picture. It was in new condition and came with the ear buds shown, plus 3 different sizes in end caps which was nice. I have T-Mo service so I just popped in my SIM card from my old phone and this new one was good to go. Also, this does not come with a manual, just a "quick start" guide and a "safety and warranty" booklet. It is an ATT unlocked phone so it is preloaded with a bunch of ATT junk that I'm still trying to uninstall. Otherwise this was an excellent buy that I would not hesitate to recommend.....just don't be fooled in thinking you will receive an extra battery like the pic shows. It does come with a USB power cord and A/C adapter plug and one pre-charged battery. The 4G capability of the Skyrocket v. just the Galaxy II is a real plus.
Great phone, just what i wanted. Battery life is aweful though with the faster processor. Looking for a solution to that...
EXCELLENT
It does the job it was intended for. I also bought one for my Galaxy S4 phone, not a working phone, but it did not work well. I couldn't get the bubbles out of it.. I had to take it off. .
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
very good
Good
Perfect phone thats why i purchase 3 pcs
It worked out fine. It is a temp cell while I wait for my upgrade.
Love it
Excelente telefono
So good!T moble prepaid using now
Good deal.
Great deal, us old guys need a little extra time to work through it. My granddaughter was a great help, I'm a pro at it now and I love the phone.Thanks "Amazon"... :)
I bought this phone September 28th 2013 as a birthday gift to myself. When it came to me everything was there that needed to be. The only thing that I did not like about the delivery was that it seemed as though it took a long time to finally get to me. Once I received the phone I went to my wireless carrier with the phone and they automatically connected it for me. The phone worked very well. Now that the phone has gotten older it is slower but that is to be expected. Considering the fact that I am a person who drops their phone almost 3 times a day I think that this is a fairly sturdy phone. I have three cracks on my screen but that is to be expected from someone like me. The only thing that I truly dislike about this phone is that it won't let me do system updates on it and that now it keeps having this voice talk up pop up at all times of the day. Another big thing about this phone is that it became very glitchy on me, and now will freeze then restart on its own. As of recently I will have to start the phone over sometimes in order for it to charge Phone is very sturdy and has been a great phone to me for as long as I have had it. Due to the glitches (which may have been caused by me dropping it) and the charging problem I now am going to get a new phone, but all in all this phone was very good. JUST DON'T DROP IT!!!!
Works perfect and ts very fast
Good Product
Excellent!
Good
great
Perfect delivery! without any details or problem
Received the item promptly. The item, after a month of normal use, is defected with a green screen. Additionally, the signal is very often weak. At the same location, I removed my sim card and placed it into a different phone and it worked much better.
Love my new phone. Great product. This way I keep my unlimited data plan. Thank you so much!!
Came fast and it like new condition. Am very happy with it would order again.
I got a great one ! Works like new... Looks great ...Thanks !
Except for the power button on the side directly across from volume and a horrible recording microphone it's good
Excellent phone! I wanted to get a new 5S but didn't want to drop that much cash without trying out the Galaxy series. I changed from a Windows phone that I loved and I'm happy to say that I don't miss it much with all of the nice features and greater app availability of the Galaxy. When it's time for an upgrade on my plan I think I'll get the newer version instead of another Windows phone.
So far so good. My old Motorla Droid Razr (model XT912) bricked itself without warning after about a year of use. Try as I might to re-flash the factory OS, it refused to come back to life. So I browsed around and found that the S3 had the best features for the price. I order this one with 1-day shipping and had it the next morning. Appeared to be in factory packaging, came with charger, USB cable, and Samsung headphone with in-line volume control and mic. Pulled my SIM card out of the Razr, threw it into the S3, and bam! New working phone, no muss, no fuss. Nice thing about the S3 is that it supports 64GB micro SDXC cards right out the door, so I was able to just slap the SD from the Razr right into the S3 with no problems.
After making the mistake of trying to have a Windows for a two year contract with Verizon, I finally found a phone worth keeping. The phone came on time && was brand new. Immediately started to update itself && hasn't given me a problem.
Great Cell Phone
Great phone! Very user friendly.
Perfect
I was a diehard iPhone person until I dropped my phone one too many times. It would break EVERY time I dropped it, even though I had a really good case. It was $120 to fix the screen every time and finally I said enough is enough. I bought this phone for less than half the price of my iPhone, and it actually DOESN'T break at the slightest drop. Seriously, I could have dropped the iPhone on grass and it would have broken. This phone does everything the iPhone does and actually you have access to more free apps and features. Once you go Android you never go back!
Very satisfied. I bought this phone and activated it with Straight Talk. It has been up and running great of six months now.
great phone
Work great I n good condition
Hard to transition from an iPhone but after two weeks. Really like the galaxy
It was in perfect condition. . Very, very happy. It arrived in only three days.
works as should, I have one happy son!
Vendor made a minor error in the shipping process. Product was excellent.
These things are on my top list for affordability and cost. If you broke your phone and need something to get by. The S3 was cheap, and would still be able to download most apps.
Bought only use use with cheap borescope. Works fine.
works great, thanks
My husband really likes everything about this phone! Takes great pics too! Very quick delivery!
Excellent
Very happy whit this purchase really nice galaxy SIII I just put my sim card in and was ready to go
Upgrade
Phone was as in better condition than described. 100% happy with this purchase and I would buy from this seller again.
This phone works great outside of the country with a sim card from where you go. The price was very reasonable.
Love it and arrived in perfect condition. Will buy another soon to get rid of husband's iphone.
Just as described
This item arrived new in the box, with everything encluded.
Perfect condition fast 2 day ( prime ) shipping. Pop in SIM card works excellent recommend!
This is about the best phone I have had. and trust me I have not had many:-). The phone it self looked new, After charging the battery which took about 2 and a half to 3 hrs. I the took it over to the Verizon store where they effortlessly placed a Sims card and I was ready to go. I was amaze at how quick and easy the process was. The responsiveness of the operational system was fantastic, no more waiting for downloads or apps to open. You blink and its instantly there. The battery life was great but I not one who plays games or watch movies or listens to music on the phone. The front and rear cameras were just what I was looking for. I was able to use Skype, Whats App and VIber on this phone. .If you are someone who does not have to keep up with the Joneses or have to get the latest, fastest gismo on the market this is a great buy.A word of caution the phone is thin with a sleek design and if you are like me and have big hands you might consider getting preferably a case with a cover for protection. I had to learned the hard way, after several contact with the floor resulted in a smash face with cracks all over it after less than a week of getting the phone.
Uno de los mejores celulares que he usado
All good thanks
Phone are in decent shape and working as it should. Fast shipping. Great buy
BEST PHONE yet! Works great, and what a savings over buying direct from Verizon! No problems at all with it...I would advise anyone considering a newer phone to take a look at this one!
I was under the impression that this phone was new. It arrived in packaging suggesting it was new. It was blemish free and looked new. Once I charged it and turned it on everything was in Chinese. I figured out how to change it to English and it worked well after that. A few days later I was going through my gallery of pictures and noticed pictures of people in a store perhaps and I had not taken them. Also I had to go to Verizon store and get a SIM card that fit it but they did not charge me for that so no big deal. I'm pretty sure this phone is used, but that's ok because I desperately needed a new phone. A few weeks into having the phone it would die unexpectedly and wouldn't stay charged for but a few hours. I was advised by a friend to try buying a new battery which I did and it solved that problem. Overall this phone works with my Verizon contract and it gets the job done but it is not new by any means.
I decided to opt-out of yet another Verizon contract and instead purchased a phone outright because, honestly, no new device is worth losing my unlimited data plan. After using Galaxy Tabs for a few years I felt confident about getting a matching phone. I can't believe how much better the phones are than the tablets- there's almost no comparison. It also doesn't help that I came from an HTC Rezound, which started out as a good phone but was ruined by HTC refusing to optimize their devices for battery life and Verizon never updating the software.I find this Samsung Galaxy S3 to be a perfect device. The size is ideal- not like those new ones that are uselessly large. The screen is clear and colorful however still difficult (but not impossible) to see in direct sunlight. It updated to the newest Android on the first network connection and runs smooth and fast. The 4G works well in an area that supports it and the wi-fi and bluetooth are much better than other phones I have used. The bluetooth consistently connects to my Subaru stereo, which my HTC struggled with.The battery life on this phone was questionable- even frustrating for the first week or so. Fortunately, rooting this device is ridiculously simple as well as unlocking the hotspot. After rooting I was able to freeze and uninstall enough bloatware to greatly help battery life. With moderate use I now deplete about 50% battery per day. (It is amazing what a good 4G connection helps, but when I was visiting Los Angeles with 5-bars of 4G all the time I would get through a whole day using only 10% battery!).Finally, the only disappointment about this device is the total lack of accessories. I use the RND desktop dock which works fairly well but NO ONE makes a car dock for it. The iBolt ones are a ridiculous joke- I ordered one that didn't work and they wouldn't honor return shipping. And it is impossible to find a clear TPU case to show off the blue back of the phone.Overall, this phone is awesome. I have not been to an area to use the global feature yet, but it certainly is a nice option. I would recommend this phone without hesitation.
the phone was actually better then described. It looks brand new-works wonderfully
I love this phone. Pros; I can get the price of my stocks on myyahoo; check my email. go to my bank, etc.cons; it is so difficult to figure out so many items. a good instruction manual would be great but that seems to have gone away with all items; the manual on the internet is OK but leaves out so many directions and many times the directions don't work at all; if you know someone that knows how to use the phone they can be of big help; LOL trying to figure it out on your own.I am hard of hearing and I cannot hear this phone ring, but if I put it in my chest pocket I can feel it vibrate and thus can answer. The in car blue tooth's are great and I can always hear that.I would buy this phone again, now that I have figured out about 50% of it and would recommend it to another (still haven't figured out S voice). The price was good, free shipping (took too long, but free)!
My experience with this purchase was wonderful the phone was everything it was advertised to be and it came early
Received it on Saturday afternoon. Took it straight up to a local Verizon indirect sales store. In less than an hour I was up and running with a new (for me and, yes I know the S6 is now out) phone without changing my unlimited data contract. SWEET!! A used phone would have cost almost as much. This was new and in box.
Very nice phone, got this to replace my old stratosphere 2 phone. I have been using it for about 2 weeks now and it works great. It showed up a little earlier than expected, and it came with everything they said. Very good phone.
has been a great phone
Even though this is an older model, this phone runs very smoothly with today's apps. The screen is big, yet not so big that I can't operate it with one hand. Battery life was okay out of the box, and greatly improved once I froze most of the bloatware on it (on Android 4.0+, most apps can be disabled / turned off without root access). The exterior design is thin and lightweight.I actually bought this phone for temporary use on T-Mobile (and switching back to Page Plus / Verizon in the future). There is a SIM card slot in the back, by the Micro SD slot. Calls, texts, and data with a T-Mobile SIM card all work. The only thing is that I can only get EDGE speed data, but for me that is not an issue.Issues I have / had with this phone:- The colors are saturated- The call volume is too low (this seems to be an issue with S3's running Android 4.3); I turned on TTY Full under Call Settings, and it seems like that helped.
Fast shipping, awesome phone-no scratches/dents, I absolutely love this phone!
Got it on time and as shown on pics
Excelente telefono
Very good
Love my phone.
Exactly what they offered in the website and was deliver on time. Good quality and excellent price.
Good cooperation from the vendor on learning the changes from from flip phone
It works, it's sturdy and it hasn't failed me yet.
Great buy
Perfect phone just as described. It arrived on time! Would buy from them again!
good phone -! Thanks
exelent very good
Good deal and phone works great.
bueno
Great phone, but it has a hard time charging tge battery. Seems to be a common problem for the s3
First smart phone I have owned. Okay way behind the trend! I like the size ease of access through apps. Buying the phone used through cellcow.com< I was provided with a phone in superb condition, but no manual was included. A manual has been downloaded to assist in learning the phone. There is a steep learning curve to maximize all the Samsung Galaxy III S3 has to offer.
Thank you for keeping your promise, the phone arrived on time and worked well. It took me awhile to get used with the phone due to the fact that I used T-mobile network instead of Verizon. So there are quit a few apps on the phone that I was not able to remove. Other than that, everything works well so far. Thanks
the phone is a great valueneeded a cdma phone, but it's great that it supports gsm when I travel
Good
Good
Love the phone the seller really worked with me sending the phone I needed for my AT&T SIM card
Ahead of its time, still working great after getting loaded with apps.
great
I have an unlimited data plan from verizon, so I can't get one of those freebie phones they give you when you renew a contract (as they won't renew an unlimited data plan) so I'm usually stuck with "last years" tech. My Moto Droidx2 was on it's 3rd battery in a year and was starting to randomly shut off and restart. Time for a new phone I guess. Well after looking at all the dismal older phones, and the OVERPRICED non subsidized new phones (I mean really $600 for a new phone that is half the size of a small tablet???WTF) I decided that a refurb was in order and was thrilled when I found this beauty. Quadcore power and speed in one of the best screen displays out there, combined with the customization level of KitKat, whats not to love. Yea I'm Jonesing on this phone, BIG TIME. I really have way too much to gush over. About the only things I don't like? Well power button is in a different place then I'm used too so I'm always hitting it (I will adjust over time) Volume buttons are also in a different spot and I'm always hitting them too and there is no vol. indicator that I have found yet, so phone volume is always a great mystery (makes meeting with the boss a lot of fun as you never know if he is going to hear the text messages coming in or not!) Ummm lets see.... oh yea the phone is soooo dang skinny! I'm afraid I'm gonna break it (ha funny as the new i(mepaytoomuchfora)phone6 is out and bendgate is in full swing!) A case will solve this problem. Heck I guess I can complain about the white color too- it's just too white and if I drop my phone in the snow it may not be easy to find?? Yea not too much here to complain about. As for the reseller- Cingular Direct- THESE GUYS ARE MORE THAN AWESOME!!!!! I ordered the phone on Saturday (afternoon actually). I stopped at my local Verizon high pressure sales office on Monday to pick up a Sim card (they insisted that I bring the phone in to activate it when it arrived, but I was able to walk away with the sim card), and when I got home there in my mailbox Monday afternoon was my phone!!! Amazing. For those of you wondering about activation of this phone- well I called Verizon, and 20 mins later the phone was up and running and burning through that unlimited data!! Heck the Verizon rep on the fun was great and didn't even try to sell me a different plan. Ahhh sometimes life is good.
This was a replacement for a unit my daughter dropped. This worked out of the box and she is now back to being very happy.
Good phone
Item came in perfect condition. Make sure you have your own SIM card, as mine did not come with one. Had to take the one out of my broken S3 to transfer service to the new phone. Otherwise, everything works great!
Great deal. No complaints
I love my new phone. Only issue is I ordered 2 and the other one for my husband didn't work correctly. He could only use his blue tooth headset from Verizon for anyone to be able to hear him. We are sending it back and getting another one though because over all we love the phone.
Excellent product, in good conditions as the seller mentioned
Works pretty good looked brand new when I got it :)
Really nice product so far ao pleased
Product was as described and works well
Good phone. A little out dated now, but it get the job done! 16gb internal memory, expandable to at least 32gb via Micro SD Card (I used Transcend 32GB MicroSDHC Class10 UHS-1 Memory Card with Adapter 45 MB/s (TS32GUSDU1E).)
I Just Got My Phone Today It Look Great Condition Awsome Pohne
Good
My husabnd has been carrying this same phone for 2 years and says it's the best phone he has ever had. I bought the galaxy 4 when he got this one and turns out this 3 has a better camera and takes better pictures that my galaxy 4. We decided to order one for my daughters Christmas gift - she is overjoyed! Also delivered on time.
Perfect
This item arrived in a timely manor and is working as expected.
Phone is great. No problems.
I have to give this phone 5 stars. It hasn't given be any trouble at all and seems to handle all it's functions great. I got this refurbished and unlocked to use with the byo phone program with straight talk. At first straight talk told me it wouldn't work but I had already done my home Work before hand and knew it would, so I insisted that they try it again and it did indeed work. But for the byop program it seems you often have to be persistent as my boyfriend had the same experience with his HTC phone. I would recommend this phone and would buy it again. And probably will
phone is in excellent condition. it only works on the Verizon network, but is better than expected overall.
working good
Second purchase of a GS3. The first of Samsung's Galaxy series smartphones in 2012 competes VERY well with newer models in 2015. Its big OLED screen, 1080p video recording, SD card slot, removable battery, quad-core processor and more make this an outstanding device a top competitor to this day.
Great phone!
Very happy with this order, great phone came on time with ear buds just a great buy, I recomend it.
I purchased this item when my former SIII started having problems just days before I was to leave on vacation. My priority was to have a working phone on vacation, so I ordered this and planned for it to be delivered three days before I was to leave. The phone was in perfect condition; I popped in my sim card from my former SIII, reloaded my apps and app data, and presto! Perfectly functioning phone. It's now been 3+ weeks with the new phone, and I've had no problems with it.
Great phone, speedy and works amazingly!
want to this phone again
Perfect condition fast 2 day ( prime ) shipping. Pop in SIM card works excellent recommend!
Uno de los mejores celulares que he usado
the phone is a great valueneeded a cdma phone, but it's great that it supports gsm when I travel
Good
Ahead of its time, still working great after getting loaded with apps.
Very pleased with my S3. I purchased on Amazon because my previous Droid went out before my 2 year contract was up and I needed a phone. It was easy to set up with Verizon-I just called them and gave them the numbers from the battery compartment. I have been pleased with my phone and love that I actually own it instead of having to be in a contract with Verizon. My only complaint is the battery. I have already replaced it with an after market battery because it was going dead so fast. But the battery was only like $8 so no problems.
Excellent
Good
This phone works great outside of the country with a sim card from where you go. The price was very reasonable.
Voice quality is questionable in comparison to new versions. Haven't been able to send back for exchange or to be checked due to user working out of town jobs and cannot swap to another device yet. Everything else is in excellent condition for a used phone.
The phone came in quick and everything was in great condition when I received it. Love the GSIII and this was a great way to get one for cheaper than a Verizon store would offer after mine got stolen.
Awesome product. AAA+++This phone is everything everyone gas said, every day you learn something new.You are gonna love this phoneAwesome
Sooo much better than paying full price through Verizon. Thanks! Love the Samsung Galaxy S III SCH1535 too. Now I need a case.
Phone arrived on time and was refurbished/like new. No issues so far and it has worked perfectly both on Verizon and with compatible GSM sim cards (H20 Wireless is what I use, but it appears compatible with nearly all GSM sims).
I needed a quick replacement phone and didn't want to be bothered with a contract. This arrived as described. Took it to the Verizon store to get activated with my old phone number. NO problems.
The Galaxy S III is a nice upgrade from the Droid Incredible I had. Wanted to keep my current contract, so it was reasonable to pay the sale price I found on Amazon. 4G is the only way to go...
The phone is fine - I'm just bummed that I lost my other phone and had to pay $280 to replace it - but that was 'my bad'.
The phone was received in an ample amount of time and the product looked better than described. My son loves this phone. No sim card was with it though.
Even though I returned it I still thought it was awesome everything was there but my lil bro wanted a different phone so I had to return it but the phone was still amazing
This was a replacement for a unit my daughter dropped. This worked out of the box and she is now back to being very happy.
Even though this is an older model, this phone runs very smoothly with today's apps. The screen is big, yet not so big that I can't operate it with one hand. Battery life was okay out of the box, and greatly improved once I froze most of the bloatware on it (on Android 4.0+, most apps can be disabled / turned off without root access). The exterior design is thin and lightweight.I actually bought this phone for temporary use on T-Mobile (and switching back to Page Plus / Verizon in the future). There is a SIM card slot in the back, by the Micro SD slot. Calls, texts, and data with a T-Mobile SIM card all work. The only thing is that I can only get EDGE speed data, but for me that is not an issue.Issues I have / had with this phone:- The colors are saturated- The call volume is too low (this seems to be an issue with S3's running Android 4.3); I turned on TTY Full under Call Settings, and it seems like that helped.
Fast shipping, awesome phone-no scratches/dents, I absolutely love this phone!
Excellent refurbished phone no complaints would recommend to anyone wanting a good phone
My grandson loves it....no problems so far
One of our users was less than cautious in using his phone (these are anything but durable) and, in the ensuing tumble, his phone's screen was completely unusable. Our cellular carrier wanted $600 for a replacement phone, so this was far, far more reasonably priced; however, $400 is still a chunk of change for a less than resilient and robust piece of equipment.
Happy with my new phone, I got what was shown on the site. Only wish Verizon would not go back on my old rate plan that forced me to have to buy a new phone. Amazon & the retailer that sold this item were just great.
The phone works like a dream! I am very happy with the purchase. I would highly recommend this phone to others.
Bought this phone so I could keep my unlimited data on Verizon. Large beautiful screen, fast snappy response, fast boot-up, and decent camera. Overall the best phone I have owned.
I love this phones camera...it takes fantastic pics! Most people will remark on this feature when I send them pictures, post them on FB, etc. I would recommend this product.
Mobile Image was helpful in making sure I was satisfied with my purchase. I found them to be reliable and will do business with them again when the need arises. It was a pleasant experience.
I received the phone on time and it looks like new. I had my sim card and memory card. I started to use the phone immediately after charging it.
Got the phone on time, no damage, and it works great! I am now very happy with my new phone!!
Great phone!
The phone work great. Me kids love everything about the features and app. Thanks!
Excellent phone, haven't had any problems with it yet :)
Daughter loves this phone, just wish the screen didn't crack so easily! Have done replacement but that has cracked also?
Loved the S3 so much, I replaced it when I lost my first one. Authentic product at a great price.
It couldn't be connected and it wasn't blue what should I do
Great
Device was as described, arrived quickly and has been working like a charm over the last several months that I've had it. Very pleased.
Awesome! Works really well and looked just like it was described
It is great, fast delivery
I really love it. This is my first real smart phone. I did have too tweak it a bit. But that was my choice. The seller told me what he was selling it came as promised in the great condition promised. It works fabulously. It being a Verizon phone I was able to "tweak" it and make it work with straight talk. I highly suggest this phone.
Great product and was received fast!
this actually worked out. i bricked my phone by trying to replace the screen. i straight up tore off the lcd screen. this phone doesn't seem to have quirks. i don't get reception out here in the boonies but neither did my old phone. i don't regret this at all and of course these things can feel sketchy. good experience
Works great, nice big screen, operates efficiently, can't complain. Much better than my old Droid Razr and the blue color is nice too.
Great quality
nice phone...
I purchased this phone a few months ago and it has been WONDERFUL! Looks exactly as pictured and works well.
Great phone in Great Condition.
No complains
great product great service star 5 all the way
Great product fast shipping and just as describes will buy again from this person
Actually works and looks great.
We are very pleased with this purchase. The product arrived within a few days in perfect condition. We have not had any problems with it.
It came fairly timely, works great and the cutover time with the carrier was really quick. The only negative is that they failed to inform me that it did not come with e SIM card.
Every thing works properly and is up to date. A few scratches but nothing a phone case can cover :)
I love my phone!!! Everything went well from the start of the transaction to now! My phone came in good timing, the phone works good; the only thing is sometimes the back button doesn't want to work but its not a big deal!
Item arrived on time and in excellent condition, just as described. Had a partial charge and was ready to use. Came in a Samsung box, and had the manual and Samsung battery also included. Very happy with my purchase of the phone (and I love that its blue :) ) and with the seller (Battery Assault).
The phone was just as described. In excellent condition for a used phone and the best part is no new contract. I purchased this as a gift for my daughter who broke her iphone 4. I was not sure she would like it after having an iphone, but she loves it. I would highly recommend.
Phone was not blue, but was in great shape - had to take it to Verizon store for SIM, but works just fine - 4G - happy customer.
Great phone worked fine
i am so excited that i have finally found the right smart phone for every thing i need and i have tried several!
The phone was in great condition and is working out perfectly. The add literally was what I was looking for and exactly what I got
This is the best phone ever!! Haven't found anything wrong with it yet ... nice screen and good service. i reccomend jt
Bought this phone for my dad. He wasn't sure about upgrading to a smartphone but he absolutely loves it even though he's still learning how to use it. It took us alot of searching for the right phone for him and I'm so glad we picked this one. It's hooked up thru Verizon and works perfectly and was very easy to do its already unlocked so just took it up to Verizon and they connected it with no issues.
great phone
love it
Work great I n good condition
verry good
I think it was a good phone but my teenage son, who I refer to as "Butter Fingers," broke it after having it only two weeks.
It was in perfect condition. . Very, very happy. It arrived in only three days.
Excellent
phone came in fast, working the phone I noticed 3 of my friends with S3s have wi fi calling and I don't. What's up with that? Other than that everything seems good.
its very good. better than my old blackberry torch. the thing iss the battery is sucky. best phione i ever had!
Muy bien.
Great phone! Love it because it fits in my pocket.
Good product, exactly as shown.
excelente producto
Muy bien.
Great phone! Love it because it fits in my pocket.
Good product, exactly as shown.
excelente producto
great starter phone for seniors converting from flip phone to touch screen without breaking the bank!!!
Great product. High quality. Fast ship. Very good!!!!
was a gift for my wife, I like a lot .
Great upgrade for us. We had a couple of Samsung Rugby phones. The Galaxy S3 is so much better. Faster, better display. Still learning the functions.
It's a good phone.
Very good
EXELENTE
nice phone
good
Everything as expected
JUST WHAT I NEEDED!!! THANKS...
what i expected
I purchased for my grand daughter as a gift and she loves it. The smaller phone is easy to slip into a pocket or just hold.
Very good smart phone for a first timer. It was not loaded with excessive apps that slow down operation that causes my other samsung phone to stop or freeze.
spouses Christmas say's she gives it 5stars so far, but has only had it active two days.
excellent product
EXCELENTE
good deal
Just what was expected
There are many reviews about the S3-mini -- this is more about the seller "JP Mobile". The device was sold as used and it was described to have minor nicks on the case but glass is clear and scratch-free and it functions.After unpacking, I immediately noticed the two rough scratches on the edge, one next to the power button. As promised, the rest was in tip-top shape. Using the phone for a couple of weeks, the roughness now is gone and the scratch is merely a minor cosmetical issue.Accurate description & quick shipping[update]DRAWBACKS OF THE GALAXY S3 MINIMy biggest frustration is the camera & exposure. Or the lack of control. You cannot adjust exposure to shorten exposure to see the details in a bright portion of the image. At conferences, the S3 always overexposes the presenter's screens while preserving the ambient darkness of the room. Please give me the choice which area is important, maybe combine it with the focus area.
I love my new phone if you don't wont a large phone like me but a smart phone this is a great Phone
excellent
Excellent cell phone, great performance and camera
Excelente!
Excelente
I love this little guy. It is fits perfectly in my front pants pocket. I do wish the key pad was larger. Oh well that's a small sacrifice for its convenience.
Great phone and works perfect.
excelent!
***Excelente Producto***
It is awesome, minor issue, it works with a nano sim that is pretty easy to find in México, only thing it was a surprise so I shapped my old SIM to fit in this new size jeje, very good mobile, happy with it
works great no problem i loved
The product is good as expected
very good
So far the phone is working good and good price.
excelent
I love it. The cell met my expectations. It is a really great device
very good produc
I loved recommend
Nice phone
Great phone, just as advertised. No issues at all.
Best phone I've ever owned
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
Phone came in the mail in a very timely manner and it was exactly what we were looking for. I ordered this phone for my mother who wanted a small yet reliable phone to use with Net10. It worked right out of the box without any special tricks. Phone was unlocked and ready to go, all we needed to do was get a new mini sim card for net10 from Walmart and change the device info with Net10 and enter in their APN settings and Walla it worked. She has been using it now for a little over a week and has not had any problems. In fact, we just took a trip to a remote part of the state which lacked coverage and this phone was the only one that worked against a Galaxy S3 (full size) with same service and a Galaxy S5 with Verizon. very pleased with this device.
It works well
Great small phone!I'm apparently the last man on earth who thinks a phone should fit in your pocket, and primarily serve as a phone. Yes, I love the smartphone features - email, video, websurfing, etc - but most of my life I'm easily within 10-20 feet of a real computer - with a real monitor and a real keyboard. And if I'm doing email it's way more efficient to do it on a real keyboard, web surfing is infinitely easier with a mouse and a 20" monitor, and video is best seen on something properly sized. The difference between a 4" screen and a 6" screen for all is miniscule - it's like saying I prefer to use a 3/4" garden hose to put the fire out instead of a 1/2" hose - when there's a real firehose hooked up to a real hydrant right next to you....Meanwhile, aside from the size being perfect, this phone works great with my T-Mobile service. It also has an SD card slot, wihich I love for moving large files and pictures off the internal memory but the recent Android updates that prevent most apps from storing their data there limit that usability.I understand the issues preventing you from moving apps to external storage, but why would anyone in their right mind not allow a camera app or a podcast app to store it's data on external SD? That's just stupid, but that's out of our control.Meanwhile, battery life is good - but not great. It's a small battery so I understand. I get a day out of it and that's about it.If you're the type that thinks the difference in screen resolution between X and Y pixels is a make or break issue (which obviously means you put far too much importance into watching entertainment on a screen that is far too small for that...) I'm sorry but I can't either gush about the fantastic resolution or gripe about the low resolution - whatever it is. Cat videos look fine, as do pictures.I've used six or seven different phones now including a couple varieties of I-devices, and so far I like this one the best.
Bueno
Perfect
exelente
I am quite pleased with my purchase.
good
YES. Everithing is allright. Thanks
I bought this to work with my TracPhone service and it works perfectly. You'll have to purchase a $2 SIM card from Tracfone though.
Good phone, Good price.
unlocked to t mobile.... great quality for camera and battery life.....
Excellent product. I recommend it.
This is an amazingly great phone for the money. My son loves it.
Excelente¡¡¡
Excellent cellphone.
Everything was great!
great starter phone for seniors converting from flip phone to touch screen without breaking the bank!!!
It is a good cell phone but the wifi signal is bad.
Great phone. I bought it for my mom, cellphone works in Ecuador just fine. Came with all accesories and a screen shield and in time. Its a small and friendly phone, so for my mom its enough.
Phone was just as described brand new worked perfect with my sim card unlocked as described by seller it was very easy to contact the seller and they were prompt with response. I would recommend this product.
Great phone. Fast shipping.
Working perfectly. Love this phone
good
ok
awesome mini smart phone, enough for me to check email, play music, take pics & send texts
Phone is great. Better than expected. Apps run great. Camera shutter is a little slow and the gallery view is jumbled, this is the reason for only 4 stars.
Great
It is as described, works perfectly!
Works perfectly! Exactly what I was looking for!
Phone Works perfectly but some apps downloaded from Google Store do not. Can preinstalled AT&T apps be removed ? Need for help.
Very happy so far. great condition. you may need to update your apn if you use att to access the mobile internet. you can do that easily if you look on google
excellent product
Excellent
Works amazing
excelente
Perfect! Great phone, love it
Very goood
The phone arrived on time and as advertised. Has been working great on our current ATT wireless plan after a trip down to the ATT store to move the SIM card over to this phone from the old one. It's not the latest model but it has the features that were needed for a good price. Performs well.
Great, enjoying it
bueno
Very Good
Excellent product. Good seller.
The name says it all....it goes everywhere with me and is all that I expected. Only regret is that it wasn't the full version instead of the mini.....its great!
Working beautifully!
Great purchase!! Fast Delivery!! Even got car chargers as extra. Would recommend to anyone.
excelente producto 100% recomendado
good,
ok
the price is good but the phone is for ATT.
Wonderfil! Thanks!
Best phone I've ever owned
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
excelente
Easy to carry, responsive and fits our needs
I like this unlocked phone. It says AT & T but I have T- Mobile SIM
Works as advertised, outside US.
EZ to root 2
The phone serves it purpose.
Thank You
excelent
Excellent!!!
Excelente!!
Works fine with 4G! The only thing I didn't know it was micro sim..
Hubby loves it
Works great. Perfect size: not too big, but with a readable, display. I bought this for my daughter because it cost way less than the Galaxy S4 Mini that I bought for myself, and it was functionally very similar, which is important since I will be her first stop for tech support. I could not be more satisfied. The differences are very slight, If you are trying to decide between the two phones, and price is any issue at all, go for this one.
Perhaps I should say that this device is the second one that I've bought. This one is now my spouse's phone and more importantly she likes it. Comes with a good feature set of applications. It is a good size for carrying in a shirt or pant's pocket. The size also makes it easy to find a belt holster that it fits. May not have all the bells and whistles, but we have found that it is a good phone for us
excellent, the best in phone
The phone itself is great for my 12 year old. We was very happy to get it and spend everyday with it in her hand.>>> My only issue is that it is NOT UNLOCKED AS DESCRIBED WHEN Sold by TronicSpot <<<
I am elated. I am happy. I am satisfied. Shipping was like lightning speed. Phone works amazing. This phone is sooooo sweet that its deserving of '10 STARS'. GREAT BUY... ZERO REGRETS.
Works great! Easy setup.
Device shipped was exactly as described with one minor issue, there were NO blemishes on the unit!!!! This phone looks as though it just came from the AT&T store, and they even shipped it with a fully charged battery.
Its a great phone. Had them(we bought two)a month ago and no issues so far!
Excelent.
works perfect.... love it
Brand new. Works perfectly
excellent
excelente
Perfect phone for my 18-yo son. He loves it because it is so easy to use and smaller than the regular S3 -- fits in his pocket easily. Excellent product. He has dropped it numerous times and it keeps on working, unlike the Iphone that breaks so easily.
I bought this as a replacement for a Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini for ATT service, after the original phone was broken. It works just like the one I had from ATT, works fine on the ATT network, and all of the features are the same. Obviously, since I bought this phone twice, I really like it and would recommend it.Pros: Small smartphone, fits well in small hands, great for people who want a strong phone without the bulkCons: Does not have a lot of storage, if you plan on having a large amount of music or photos stored on it, it might not work well. ATT Locker is a good workaround for photo storage for those on ATT network
I love this little phone. It is small and light weight but does everything I want a phone to do. When my beloved HTC started to act up, my main concern was getting a phone that would sync with my Fitbit Charge HR. Originally, I purchased the S3 i8200 (value version) and then discovered it was not compatible with Fitbit. That is what I get for not doing my homework thoroughly before making a purchase. Amazon graciously agreed to let me send it back for a refund and I purchased the S3 G730A. It works like a charm. It also has good sound quality and is easy to navigate. It requires a mini SIM, so I had to go to the AT&T store to get my old SIM cut down. The lady who helped me wanted to know where I got it and how much it cost. When I told her, she said I had gotten an amazing deal. I agree.
Small and light.shows pretty pictures.my mom loves her new phone.
excelente
Very Good
Did what was expected of it.
I like it
excelente telefono
Came in pretty good condition with all accessories I would recommend it
My wife lost her phone and this was a replacement for a flip phone. She loves it as much as I love mine. Just the right size and functionality.
I'm very much satisfied with the phone. My son loves it since I bought it for him and most of all it was unlocked as stated by the trustworthy seller.
nice phone
good
Simple. Compact. Perfect for my wife. Exactly what she wanted/needed and nothing more.
Very happy with the purchase.
I really like the S3 Mini! It has a lot of functions that more expensive phones have but for less. Its size is just about perfect. The only complaint that I have is more about software. For some reason the Android OS is the biggest drain on my battery. I would think that the screen should use the most power, so I believe there is some problem with the operating system that I hope will get figured out with the next update.
excellent phone is the same that in description it work very well perfect condition i feel so happy with the phone
So far so good phone works great no problems. Only thing is that I didnt know you had to switch out to a mini sim card which was no problem getting one though
Just as Described and unlocked. Great seller
I love the phone, but it is not an unlocked phone. At& T is still on the phone. But works with my Consumer Cellular service which use and like very much. I thought it came with headphones.
Good Phone I like it.
neat phone. had trouble with tethering without rooting android (which I opted not to do) because its locked to at&t software. (unlocked to use on any network though) other than that couldn't be happier with the phone
It's everything I expected of it and then some :)
excelente
It's a very good phone, I enjoyed using but it was too small for me. I recommend it to those those who don't like handling bigger phone, especially ladies.
Bought it for a friend and he loves it.! Just inserted a sim card for his local carrier and it worked perfectly.
Purchased phone for my son, who has been using it without any problems, product was delivered on time
Works great and updated to the latest version of Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat.Way better than the Full Size GS3 as far as size goes. The Full size model is too big. Doesn't fit in a pocket very well when a good case is on it.This GS3 Mini is just the right size even with the Cimo S-Line Back Case Flexible TPU Cover for Samsung Galaxy S III.
Best buy I have made! It is a great phone and I am still learning how to use it!
Like it must more than a Apple phone, display is very scarp.
thanks for an excellent product liability congratulations
Great product! Very easy to use, good size!
ok
Excelente
waooooo
very good
Excelente
excelent, only one think , i dont have 3g
excelent
excellent item, fast and good sale
excelente
great!
It's a good product
Product as it was described kudos folks
very good!!
Excelent product
My expectations were met
good
excelente producto
tremendo telefono
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
excellent product and is expected ouch, I recommend it pleasantly. best regards.
excelente
So nice
I love it. Fine
funciona perfectamente con linea digitel venezuela
excelente
All my family have one.....it is very helpfull when we use the applications and the size is very great for the hand specially for my wife and my children
Great product. Good quality, fast delivery
Just wanted to say customer service was great I had a small problem the fix it fast is yes I would shop their again and I well tell my friends to shop their to.......A very happy customer... Thank you Carolyn
ESPAÑOL:Debo reconocer que estaba dudosa de adquirir el producto debido a la confusion sobre si el telefono funcionaria en mi pais (Venezuela) o no, pero aun asi decidi comprarlo. Llego a mis manos hace 5 dias y hasta el momento me ha encantado. Sin detalles, ni defectos. La memoria interna si es de 8GB, solo que la utilizable es de 4GB, el resto es utilizada por los archivos internos del telefono inteligente.La camara toma excelentes fotos. La bateria dura aproximadamente 12 horas en un dia de uso normal, sin mucha musica y videos.Respecto a mi principal preocupacion que era la señal, no hay ningun problema, funciona perfecto en mi pais, levanta 3.5G.ENGLISH:I must admit I was dubious about purchasing the product due to confusion about the functionally of the phone in my country (Venezuela), but still decided to buy it. the smartphone came to my hands 5 days ago, and since, I love it. No defects, no problems. The internal memory is 8GB but only 4GB is usable, the rest is used by the internal files of the smart phone.The camera takes excellent photos. The battery lasts about 12 hours in a day of normal use without a lot of music and videos.About my main concern; the signal, there is no problem, works perfect in my country, up 3.5G.
The items I received is very nice, The battery was seal packed. I am worried about the BOX as the seal was broken. was'nt a seal packed. But overall it works perfect the camera is fine. cool...
I was so afraid of ordering a phone on Amazon! Not being able to talk to a rep, see or touch the phone before buying is a bit of a scary thing. I spent countless hours researcheing phones on Amazon. Checking sellers reviews, phone reveiws and customer reveiws. All I can say is that I am over the moon with my decision! The Samsung Galaxy S III mini arrived ON TIME, IN PERFECT CONDITION and was exactly as described. I'm so excited! These are the kinds of businesses that make online shopping a stellar choice. Especially when you live in the middle of nowhere! I saved time and money. Who doesn't love that? If your looking for a phone that fits in your pocket but can still keep up with it's "big brothers" and save you hundreds of dollars, this is it. I would recommend this seller as they filled my order with the appropriate product. No scams here! Oh happy day.
At first when I got the phone I was a little dithered when I seen everything in Spanish but the person at amazon gave me the service number in witch I got the phone and had it strait in one second everything is great with this phone I love it !!!! Thank you amazon you made my personal life and business go easy this Christmas thank you and happy holidays to everyone
The phone is elegant and compact. It does everything I need and works smoothly. Reception is better than my old Galaxy Ace, and the upgraded Android has nice features.
worked for me with my t-mobile service. Better than iPhone for chats. Font size can be increased to pretty large size.
Good
Product was received as discribed,arrived on time, nicely packaged. It works perfectly here in Curacao with my sim card. Just inserted the sim in and it started working. It comes with the earpiece, usb cable, wall charger and battery. Its perfect to play games, watch Youtube. My wife loved it. The speakers are really loud for a phone which is great. No flukes found. The phone is flauwless and I do recommend to buy from BlutekUsa!!!
excellent
I returned it; it wouldn't work with my carrier
This phone works in Venezuela perfectly ! You can use the sim card. I truly recommend it. The battery works very good. Excellent !
Good tlf
Satisfied
So far so good. Purchased 4 of these they are compatable with AT&T. No problems.
I received the GTi8200 version of this phone, which surprised me after all other reviewers said they had got the i8190. Good news is though that the dimensions of the i8200 and i8190 are the exact same. Another surprise was that all the documentation and the phone itself same in Russian -- including a EU battery charger instead of one with an american plug. However, I found this really did not turn out to be an issue as it comes with a USB cord so I was able to plug that into any usb charger I already had. Also, all the phone settings were initially in Russian and on European settings (like Celsius). But these are all easily configured and changeable in the phone no problem. The phone came unlocked, and I was easily able to take it to Tmobile and they hooked it up all the way.So far far I really like the phone itself, I should add this is my first smartphone. It is a great size for me (like iphone size)! It also feels well made. The only downfalls I've found so far is that the phone can't use emoticons/emojis and it can't be updated to any higher Android OS. -- That said though it runs smoothly and runs all android apps perfectly fine. Also the camera doesn't seem to be the greatest, but it's decent. Of course battery life was an issue at first, but I downloaded the android battery saver app and now it lasts a whole day (though I try to be conservative using wifi and data). Oh also, I don't think this phone can handle 4g, the highest is H+. Overall I'm happy with this purchase and think it's a great price for what you get.
excelente
Has been really good phone for price and quality and arrived really fast
Good
all its ok, thank you
Excellent shop and head
good at that price. good!
excellent
protuducto excellent and fast delivery
Excelente
Fine
excellent product
thanks
muy buen producto
THE BEST ! ! ! ! !
Quality item. seems to be durable
I love samsung phones. Works ok!! i buy it again if neccesary.
Thanks
MUY BUENO
excelente 100%
I requested a VAT invoice for this product .For your information, here are the numbers of my Samsung in case you need to add these datas at the invoice:IMEI : 355583/06/542021/4S/N : RF1FA10FHCTThank you.
very good
very good
Perfect
excelente
Excelente
Buen producto, funciona perfecto en el 3g y 2g de movilnet de Venezuela.Sin embargo tiene algunos problemas de cobertura y señal, no caen llamadas de vez en cuando y frecuentemente dice "No registrado en la red"/Good product, works perfect on 3g and 2g movilnet of Venezuela.However it has some signal coverage problems and do not fall calls occasionally and frequently says "Not registered on the network"
excelente producto
exelente
Excelente
Excellent..
excelente
WORKS PERFECTLY IN VENEZUELA
Was purchased as a gift, really love it
Thank
nice phone
Good
Buen producto
excellent product, I recommend it!
MUY BUENO
excellent
Excellent product. Good seller.
After having it for a week now I definitely got a good feel of the phone now. Out of the box I loved it!!! It was stylish, fast and pretty easy to use and set up. I loved how ez it was to customize everything. The phone is lightening fast running multiple apps seamlessly and for an average cell phone user it was more than enough to run tasks like light web browsing, media and messaging. There were some things I had a little problem with for example if your a big music person the stock music player doesn't have lock screen functions which is a BIG thing for me but winamp easily fixed that seamlessly syncing your playlists, etc from the stock android player. The stock messaging keyboard didn't have very good predictive text and it wasn't very good for typing long messages quickly so I ended up downloading swiftkey which is definitely worth it if you're a big texter and like typing quickly and accurately. The phone's internal memory itself comes out to be barely 4 gb compared to the 8 that was advertised and you aren't able to store apps onto the SD card which could be a bit of a problem if you're an app fanatic. But for personal files and media, expanding it with a 32gb sd card is no problem. The last issue I had with this phone was if you plan on using this phone without using mobile data, you won't be able to view multimedia messages using wifi because the s3 line requires you to download it through the carrier's network. All these were little hiccups in an otherwise amazing phone. You can't beat the features and design of the phone with the price. I would definitely recommend this phone in a heartbeat.
Fine i like this phone, display is ver cool, phone comes with good protecction, os very qwickly thanks to processor
Cool style. Its performance is ok, but don't expect it to respond to taps always fast. For those who like phones big enough to make the touch screen easy to use, but still easy to carry in your pocket this is "the" phone. Battery charge duration is good, more than a day if used "normally", or more than 2 days if you rarely use it.
I'm very happyMy new smartphone is nice, is excelent, samsung galaxy S III is the bestBlackBerry is out
Works well on T-mobile, just choose the GSM-Only option.Decent size in hand pocket and the wallet.Go for it!!
I couldn't afford the Galaxy IV so made do with the III and it was everything I had hoped for. The user instructions were in French though so I had to download the English version which helped tremendously. This is a great value for money android.
the phone is excellent. very good resolution and I love all android features and easy to handle. . I recommend it 100%
I like this model because is small and very beautiful, i am learning to use , it has a lot of options, It is cool
Very good attention I get the product on time, in perfect condition, very good quality is much charm I recommend them 100% on the entire community of amazon ....
This is my second smartphone. The size is about that of an iphone, which is much better than the bulky S3 and S4 (those look almost like tablets). The phone works great, shows a little lag when opening apps but once opened, they perform smoothly. Its a great choice for the price. It uses a regular size SIM card.
excelent product its works without problem with all companies in Venezuela(movistar,movilnet,digitel),
excellent. what is expected
Excellent product
It's a brand new, Sharp,colorful screen, Handy size. Work very well. Only concern is the letters' size which a little small for a man's finger. When you text a message, it's easy to touch a next wrong key. So I should buy a regular size rather than my mini size.
Excellent product... excellent quality...it's my best buy, i'm so excite with my galaxy s3...perfect description and perfect shipping...thank you..
been using it, good so far give 5 star.
good product
excellent
good
great!
Perfect
Excellent ítem
Very good, congratulations. . Thank you. .
Fine
Excelent
My son is loving his phone.
Excelente.
ok
Very good product quality and presentation of the same. excellent
excelente
exelent
excellent product I have no doubt this
Excelente
Excelent
EXCELENT
Excelente funciona muy bien en Venezuela con Movistar y DigitelExcellent works great in Venezuela with Movistar and Digitel
very good
excelente product
good
Good enough for people that wants to start with smart phones but not go all the way. Is small, and easy to use. I live in Venezuela and works perfectly here.
bien
It is working really well in Venezuela! I really love this phone
Excelente
responsibility for their excellent work, very grateful
Excellent
excellent product
Buen producto
Met with my expectations, I recommend 100%
very good
Excelente
Excellent, thank you.
EXCELENT
very good
Perfect
excellent!!!
ALL PERFECT. THANKS.
buen teléfono, la pila un poco delicada con el calor
I bought this phone as a present for my step dad. He is really enjoying it. Great quality. Thank you
Is an excellent phone. Has many options and functions, I absolutly love it.The price is very reasonable and I like it more than i expect it
The phone is excellent and is working OK. I recommend this phone without any doubt. Also the price is good.
the only thing was that the charger plug was european :( and the box didn't have any adaptor ... I had to find out another charger for the phone.
I've bought this unlocked cell phone when I was in the states and now I am using this in my country here in Turkey. If you are looking for an inexpensive smart phone this is what you need...
This is the smaller version of the Ssmsung sIII. It fits smaller hands perfectly.The screen size is larger then the Apple iPhone.
excellent
Perfecto
EXELENTE
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO!!!!
Exelent..
excelente
excellent product
Actually I have been purchasing those phone because they working fine and they handy as per my kids. So no concerns so far and I might purchase some more.
everything was perfect
EXCELENTE
Excelente
Very simple, but i like it beacuse is small...
I Love This ♥
Is original samsung .... very good
very well
An excellent provider. It is a very good cell phone, it is really international version, new, and delivered in time. Thank you
it does not work as i expected
It's a excellent cellphone,
buen producto
Perfecto!!
E
excelente
all is ok
Muy bueno!!
buen celular,
fine is ok
Excellent. I love it.
Good
excelente produrto
everything ok
I will order my products from this sight again. It was a little scary at first but the steps were easy.
This phone was that I spected. Easy to use and configuration. it work well with diferents GSM cards. Well size an weight
muy bueno
This is a great purchase, no dought.small powerful great design. I am very happy with it.so far I have bought 3. Works great in Venezuela
delievery takes longer that expectproduct with european charger ! no us adapter ! previuosly with same product from amazon for my wife I've got adapter .... that why 4 stars
great phone. works as expected and more!
Excelentes
Meets my current needs just fine.
I am very pleased with my phone. It arrived quick and in new condition as described. I have no complaints. Will order again from this company!
excellent
excelente
Genuine and honest seller, highly recommended to other buyers, AAA+++++++, will continue to buy.
muy bueno
GREAT
excellent thanks
excelente
good
Excellent.
nice
Great phone, use it intl and the states. Comes with multiple plugs, USB charger, and headphones.
excellent phone
todo bien excelente vendedor me llego lo solicitado y en perfectas condiciones.
muy buen teléfono! práctico y moderno! excelente en todos los sentidos! en Venezuela funciona de maravilla! lo recomiendo!
fine, i love it
According expected
work good only the charge cable don't work
Great phone and works perfectly in Venezuela
quiero aclarar que aunque demoraron un poco en entregar el telefono al casillero, llego en perfecto estado y funciona de maravilla esta en excelentes condiciones de mi parte tienen mi confianza, aunque deberian de ser un poco mas rapidos en la entrega a las direcciones o casilleros.
excellent
quality
Good
100% recomendado
excellent
Excelente producto
Bought this for my wife and she loves it.
This is a Great phone so far. I think this is the best smart phone I have owned. It does everything, including some features I may not ever use. If you want a good smart phone, buy this!I haven't found anything to complain about.
It was exactly that i was waiting
Thanks!
Excelente!
When decidi to buy cellular this one was because it was looking for something comfortable was looking for excellent technology I can recommend this product with the eyes closed to the equal seller since it was delivered in record time thank you
Nice
received, all right, thank you very much, the'll take into account for future purchase
BUENO
muy bien
buenisimp
goob
EXCELENT
excelente
Excellent! I'm satisfied.
There are better phones with better speed and features. the screen already broken after it was dropped on its side a foot away from the ground. Samsung and others should be able to have some kind of protection to avoid easy braking. This is the part I do not like of these phones. you pay hundreds of dollars and still they cannot add a bumper that costs 0.001% for protection.
Quite versatile and light-weight smart phone. Even with the smaller screen, it is amazing how easy it is to read, watch videos and send emails with. Sound quality is decent too.
Great phone but battery could've been better (longer life). At this price range the choice was between this and Ace2 and it still I am not sure if I made the right choice!!
This is a very good cell phone I like it very much.. Lo Recomiendo a todos los interesados de amazon
Is very smart. my daughter love it. Try it, my son whants one for him too.I will buy another one.
great buy, everything as stated. fast, brilliant screen and easy to handle and more..Ging to get another one for my wife.. Great pictures.
This phone is really unlocked, I received it on time and with its original box and all the accesories in. It works perfectly in Venezuela with MOVISTAR Love it ,
excellent product work well in venezuela. it is worth the price. recommended phone to frustrated iphone users that want to change phone
The phone is great. The only downside, was the memory.Online said 8GB, and only got 4GB. Review phone now.
Very nice and handy phone. Fast, good density of colors, good camera. Very fine price. Samsung.José j la riva
ok
It's magnific, I power on, I put my sim card and ready to enjoy my cell phone. I need to buy another because my daughter and take it for her personal use
este telefono es muy bueno. trabaja muy bien en venezuela
I loved it and thanks so much because you made my purchase a really good purchase and a amazing item like this I'm excited
Made it at a decent amount of time, works well so far,It's an unlocked version like it says, got it programmedfew days after I received it. I mean I just got it and so far it workswell, programmed well. Thanks
all good excelent very fast very small and slim this is the best you can buy this product 100% the best
I sent this to Venezuela to my husband and he is very grateful. It works perfectly there and has nothing but good things to say. Thank you.
I received my S3 mini about one month ago and have been very happy with this purchase. The phone arrived in an unopened Samsung box and was fully unlocked, as advertised. Arrived with charger (with USA and EU adapters) and headphones. I had read reviews about these unlocked phones coming from overseas (I'm in USA) so I was not surprised when I received a phone that appeared to come from Poland. I was easily able to navigate the settings menu based on the visual icons and looked up "language" in Polish on google translate. Less than 20 seconds after turning on the phone I had the menu switched to English and was off and running. Only suggestion, I should have bought a case with my original purchase instead of waiting for phone to arrive. Overall, great phone, great price and great buying experience...thanks!
It is an excellent product I recommend with eyes closed Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini BLACK 3G 900/1900/2100 factory Unlocked
The delivery of the phone was on time, in perfect conditionthe camera is great, the sharpness of the videos is wonderfulGood price, works with 3G and 4G Vzla
love this mini phone could hold in my pocket while i'm at work, shopping or doing chores. order one for my sister
This is an original samsung galaxy s3 mini, not a chinese copy if you were wondering. The shipment was fast and the phone is unlocked as advertised as I've used it in South America perfectly fine. 5 stars for the price and the shipment.
Really good phone, fast processor, easy to use and at a pretty good price.
excellent!!!...
VERY GOOD FROM VENEZUELA
Good
Lo recomiendo
happy, excelente, satisfecha
excelente
PERFECT
in good condition, good quality and excellent performance
It is a good phone. But is little small for Men"s hand. It is OK for women. Also feature is not same as big brother.
I'm really satisfied as the product as the service provided. Is really what I was expecting for, I really recommend it.
i just not give 5 stars because i receive the gt-i8190 model not the i8190 that i ordered, so i cannot use with mi 3g provider.
Excellent product, I am from Venezuela and the phone works perfectly with any line, I love my phone. Very comfortable.
works perfectly in Venezuela, I had no problem with the fully unlocked, so it was expected to buy it, I am satisfied by the purchase of the item, the delivery was excellent, arrived on time
I have to give this phone 5 stars. Because it shipped faster that I thought, I was not charged tax because the price already included that. It is a very good price after all smart phones are usually very expenssive. I am very happy with this phone, and hope it keeps working perfectly like it does right now. I definitely recommend people who want a good phone, and cannot afford to spend much to consider this one. So many applications are available to download, it takes good pictures, and it stores all my music and pictures really well.
My dad loves his phone. He keeps raving about it. He loves the features, the size of the phone and the color.
Excelente ptoducto.
execelente
All good, 100%
I love this phone. I love the size, it slides right into my pocket. I mostly use it for talk and text, and when I have data and wi-fi turned off, the battery stays charged for two days. I can turn on data when I need it.
Very good
GOOD
Works perfectly for Movistar company in Venezuela. Product exaclty as described.
good
excelent
i purchase another phone in white and don't work fine but this phone are perfectly. it's so much cutie in black color
excellent product recommend
very good
very good
Great.... No regrets!
bueno
The best cellphone
excellent!
good
everythig cool
It's very good, yes ok!!
excellent
excellent product
Exelelente
ok
100% recomendado
Just a quick note - phone two years old and still going strong. I added a memory chip, recently switched out the case and screen protector (ArmorSuit, I recommend it!) from my original purchase and it's like having a new phone again. Works fine on 3G network supported by my carrier - any connectivity issues are usually on their end. Camera is average but actually takes some shots really well (I like it for outdoor photography if distance is not an issue - it does distance fine, but nothing special and won't win any awards there). Also had to torpedo some of the pre-installed G-brand apps as they are battery killers and I didn't find myself using them (as well as one can torpedo those apps, that is). Substituted a few instead (Firefox over Chrome etc, with a good ad-blocker) and solved a few problems that were making the phone clunky. I also religiously clean out the cache and delete/move files I don't need on the phone any longer. I imagine, eventually, the lack of support from Samsung as the phone is now outdated will force me to get another phone (and why I scored four stars instead of five), but this one has been more than fine, and the screen still looks great. (Did I say this was going to be a quick note?)(I guess I did). Thought the battery was dying last month, wouldn't charge easily, wouldn't stay charged once I got it there - turned out to be the (original) Samsung charger; found this out running a charge off the USB on my computer one day when the Samsung charger was left elsewhere. All good again.
all good excellent products !! Recommended arrived on time as was saying ..
thanks for all
Muy bueno
fine
excellent smarthphone
Excellent!
excelente...
EXCELLENT PRODUCT, GOOD CARE OF SELLER. I RECOMMEND 100%
excellent your product came to Venezuela in perfect condition
Excelente.
very good!!!!!
Excelent
excellent good product
Muy bien
Excellent, very good product.
I really fell in love with this phone. it's a great phone this is coming from a Apple user I am still getting used to this phone it has more options then Apple NOT hating on Apple I love Apple but its a difference for the Galaxy in screen size and it takes beautiful pictures and I like to watch youtube videos its perfect for videos and apps.
EXCELENTE
I like it. The seller was an excellent. Samsung is very nice, especially the mini one.I bought it and i like it.
5 estrellas
arrived exactly as described, I have had no issue with the phone on the t-mobile network. The phone came in the original packaging and had protective seal and plastic screen protective wrap intact. recommend.
I liked the phone, but sometimes it gets slow. Overall great phone for lowered cost. Works very well in Venezuela.
The product was in perfect condition and arrived timely. Box was open but it came with a note explaining it had been opened during customs examination. Apparently the product ships from Mexico and came with Spanish as a default factory language (not a problem for me) but is easily changed.
excelente
excellent
Excelent thanks
Excellent...
fine is good
No issues, everything works fine, good cellphone.
excellent
good
calidad
Exactly as advertised
very good phone thank you very much
good
Great phone.
excelente
EXCELENT....
thanks
Excelente, no hassel...
nice
excelente
Excellent product, recommended seller
exelente producto
Excelent, Beautifull!!!!
Excelent
Típico de tecnología samsung, dada que objetar, rápido, preciso, funcional. Teléfono de gama media que resuelve l dia a dia de las personas que no sufren de tecnologías super avanzadas
The only negative is that this phone is deceptively described as "international" whereas it will not work from Europe to Asia where different frequencies are used. Truly International multiple-frequency cell phones are sold and cost 2x as much.The phone description should be GT-i8190 L - the L suffix meaning Latin is because it will only be international in the Americas and maybe Japan.
excelente
This was a gift to my sister. She loves this version. This is a good product for the price when compared with competitive brand products
good quality smart phone.
beautiful and classy
Excellent
Excelent phone, 100% recommended, very fast delivery, amazing functionality. Thanks
Excellent,It's a great phone, and i'm from Venezuela, good use for movilnet and movistar
Love it!
excellent
muy bien
I bought this to replace a Galaxy vibrant - this is very good value.
RECOMENDADO!
BUEN CELULAR
It is a phone very good, the app is very nice, I like all this phone samsung is good and very speed
Bought this phone because my old phone broke but I am very impress with all the features and it came in excellent condition.
The phone is, as mentioned in comments below, made in Mexico.However it works fine, and, what was more important for me, it works in Argentina's network.
This phone was clearly for a Spanish market and came with no English instructions. No problem. Go online and find the manual with a Google search and download it. What I like about this phone is how it does everything I need in one package. I make calls with it (obviously), I play solitaire on it, and I read books with it. I also use the Polaris Office app to seamlessly open all of my MS Office docs and allow me much better editing and control the my old Windows phone (a fact I find amazing). As for reliability, it has been working great since I got it. I have dropped it twice and it's still working fine.
This Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini is light and pocket-sized, yet fast and loaded with features including a good camera and high-resolution display. Very compatible with PC for sharing photos, contacts, etc. Upgraded from Samsung Exhibit II.
On day of arrival, went to Carphone Warehouse and bought a SIM from O2 with talk, data and text. Worked perfectly for the entire trip.
I love this phone, is fast enough for most apps and in Nicaragua works with both cell phone companies. I love it.
I bought this cell for my son for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. It works well and came unlocked and we have had no issues at all with it. Would purchase again.
It is a very good smartphone and meets my expectations, It is very fast and easy, I recommend it besides that I like the operating system that is android
I select this phone for my daughter and believe that it was the best choice, the model is friendly and really looks very nice for young people, the most important is that it has all the requirements for help the people to maintain a very good communication.
Excellent !, nice phone and in perfect condition.
Great Phone for me. At First I had battery problems, but after I adjusted all the energy saving features I get a full day of use. Note..I'm not a heavy user.
as expected.
Amazing cellphone!
EXCELLENT PHONE. bRIGHT SCREEN, GOOD AUDIO
excelente producto
good 100 % nice
excelent
A1
Very good
Nice product, I am happy with my purchase. Thanks!
RECOMENDADO
Good product
Fast shipping. Item as described. Highly recommended. Great seller
Perfect
muy bien
ok
Good
Good phone work well
So good
very good
Telefono muuuy bueno trabaja perfectamente en las operadoras venezolanas
Excelente
Excellent
exelente
excelente
very good product
Great
I was an excellent buy , arrive on time
excellent
EXCELLENT
Very good work perfect to movistar Venezuela
excelente gracis
EXCELENT
IT WAS FOR A GIFT, IT WAS A EXCELLENT GIFT FOR MI WIFE
Cute phone pretty good! Very fast shipping! 👍
I purchased this phone for my wife and I have to say it is excellent. I have an iphone 5 and love it, but would recomment a samsung galaxy for people who want a great phone which is cheaper.
Got my order within 3 days as I'm from the Caribbean (the Bahamas)Product was in excellent condition. Everything is perfect so far, only problem was I had received a European charger but its not a big deal because I have many Samsung chargers. Im happy with my order and would definitely buy from this seller again.
really cool and awesome. its just like this big huge s3 but my mom love it because of its neatness and she doesn't really like the big phones
This phone is very usefull for me because I live in Ecuador and it has spanish language, and have many functions easy to handle and easy to use. thank you very much
Ordered black received white, not a huge deal though. The phone works as expected and was unlocked as expected. Cheers
Without problem. Only the camera has a minor detail, the photos come out with a speck. Thank you very much. Greetings.
This phone is worth buying it is easy to use and it works great. I just received this phone 5 days ago and I am very happy so far I am using it on AT&T network and I have no problems the phone charges quickly and battery life is pretty good, every thing was in order upon delivery it even came a day earlier than expected i would recommend it
This phone has all the great things you want for fun with tons of room to download whatever you might want. Where I live it will only get EDGE but that's with any phone ive had when it comes to T-Mobile. The really good thing is that even though it only gets EDGE like the 3 other phones I have, its still by far the fastest one out there. The hotspot makes my computer sites come up at the blink of an eye. Has a great price for the things can do!
excelent
excelente
excelente
Good Phone
Exellent phone..all fine
Excellent phone
exelente
the item is in perfect condition and is recommended
Excellent
Excellent cell brought everything described in Article
ok
Excelente
waooooo
very good
Excelente
excelent, only one think , i dont have 3g
excelent
excellent item, fast and good sale
excelente
tremendo telefono
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
excellent product and is expected ouch, I recommend it pleasantly. best regards.
So nice
I love it. Fine
funciona perfectamente con linea digitel venezuela
excelente
Great product. Good quality, fast delivery
I have owned many types of cell phones (iOS, Android, Windows Phone 8) and I can say that this phone is definitely quite the value. It does not come with much bloatware installed, and as long as you have a MicroSD card, you should be plenty fine on storage.The only reason I took off one star, is because that it does not have LTE. I grew accustomed to LTE from other devices, but I can say that as long as you live in a good area for reception (with you carrier), HSDPA is plenty fast. On T-Mobile I have gotten upwards of 7mbps download and usually around 2mbps upload.The screen looks great, even though its not the highest resolution. The battery life is good too.Overall, I highly recommend buying this phone while it is around $180 and lower!
Excellent phone, I had no problem for applications, I am very satisfied with the product, I recommend it to anyone interested in buying this phone model.
Nice compact device, works as expected, known Samsung quality.came with Android 4.2.fast and powerful.good screen quality.good camera quality.
Its a Great Phone, Small, Powerfull, Android.! Good color, Nice finish, and all accessories in mint condition.Highly recommended for Everybody
Some friends had given me some references about this smartphone, and motivated to do was to be used mostly for text messaging and checking my social networks, in addition to an affordable price, I decided to buy it. I have had very good experience, this phone has met my expectations and I'm pretty satisfied. One thing that I liked is that you can customize the type and size of letters. The cell phone is being used in Venezuela, and it works fine. For those who are into buying a cell that will give the same uses it, I recommend it widely.
It's a good basic smart phone; paid $240 including the shipping cost to Honolulu. Speed of delivery was excellent. Am using it in S. Korea through a S. Korean carrier. Just had to register this phone with the service provider here.
I was waiting for the arrival of my smartphone, eager for several days. But when I had it in my hands I could see the fantastic software and its operation and Digitel Venezuela. Grateful to the seller.
all came to my entire satisfaction, I can recommend widely to make their purchases hereby, all my products came to my entire satisfaction
great!
It's a good product
Product as it was described kudos folks
very good!!
Excelent product
My expectations were met
good
excelente producto
perfect
100 % Responsible
ok
Excelente
Very good
very good product thanks very much
very good
Excelent item
good product. !
excelent
Ok
all very good
I love it. Great phone.
very good recommended
Great Buy, came with accsesories and his box.Perfect conditions.
Muy bueno
Excellent
Excellent
ok
This item cannot be returned.Return Window expired on August 7, 2014.
thank you very much the product is brand new, very good very careful attention is everything I wanted the product. I am satisfied with the service of wrapping and sending thank you, I look forward to shopping with you in the future thanks
The mobile is nice, tiny, pretty high quality, reasonable price. I would definitely recommend it to everyone who doesn't want to overpay.
love the phone truly unlocked and fast shippingalso still in the sealed box with all the partscolor is fantastic and is really all I wanted
It has been 2 weeks since I bought this smartphone. At this time, I'm enjoying big time the perfect size of this phone (S3 and S4 are just too big for me), it is not heavy, good speed, very elegant design and a lot of apps to enjoy.First time, when I turned it on, the language was set in French (there was a note from the seller inside the box giving instructions about how to change the language from French to the one you need). It was pretty easy to change the language and a big list of languages, including English and Spanish.Also, there was a note in the box saying that "this phone DOES NOT work with SPRINT or VERIZON". On the other hand, I'm from Venezuela and it works fine with MOVISTAR. The signal shows "H" which I think is better than 3G (I'm not too good with this terms). My phone does not have any AT&T or other logos, just the Samsung Logo like it should be.The first 3 days, I was worried because sometimes it shutted down by itself (it started shutting down once or twice a day until at least 5 times a day at the end). Then, I searched on the web about this issue and turns out that I was not the only one. In some cases, people said that the phone shutted down and never start again... they called it "sudden death" and said that Samsung was already aware and working on this issue... AT THAT TIME I WAS SCARED!! I found an app that tells you if your phone is between those related to the sudden death issue but thank God i was not in the list.Trying to fix this issue, I found out some people saying that they fixed it using the factory data reset and updating to the latest official Android Version 4.1.2. With this info and knowing that may be some of the apps I downloaded could also be the reason of the failure, I decided to make the factory data reset. Even I wrote to the seller asking for help and he quickly answered me suggesting exactly the same solution.At this time, the phone is not shutting down by itself anymore (not even once!) and I'm very happy with my new smartphone.I'm not rating with 5 star because battery does not last one day (and I don't use it the entire day). I may suggest you to buy the car charger, the quick start guide is in French and also camera should be improved ( I don't like when pictures look blur even when you are doing an effort to avoid any movement).
Can't beat the price! I heart my phone and love everything it does. Makes my life so much more technical.
Friends were unaware this phone existed. Perfectly sized for my needs - fits into pouch when running. Bright screen, great battery life. Nice product.
This is a smaller version of the Galaxy S III I originally bought one for my wife because she did not want the giant version of the S III. Then I used it and bought one for myself. It has all the features of the S III but is a much more manageable size with only a 4" screen. I would recommend this phone to anyone.
I bought this for my son, and he loves it! He kept telling me that I should get one for myself, and I'm really considering it.
Everything in Low cost. Nice look. Works great.This is Samsung's Hidden Gem. I can say this is the perfect phone for low cost.
excellent product, very useful I recommend it 100%. works very well both as 3g 2g.just as the resolution of the camera is very good
It's a good deal, excelente product. This one, the I8190 works with all 3G bands worldwide. Excellent condition and it comes with a plug adapter.
I just got it and so far so good .it was just what I thought it would be. More manageable than the bigger s3
This is my first personal smart phone and so far I love it! I have a business smart phone but it is not an Android. I love this phone because it is so easy to use! It also works with the previous car adapter and wall adapter I had with my previous Samsung phone which is great! No issues so far! I am very impressed with this phone so far! I also like that it is very lightweight and can be put into a pocket or purse with no issues!
Amazing Phone. Unlocked, works great with AT&T GoPhone.Small but efficient. Great camera.Says 8GB storage. Only less than 5GB available for apps actually.
It's a great phone, but there's a problem with the battery or the charging system that I didn't have with the same S III mini that I had once
excellent product, good quality and meets the expectations, color and design, the finish is the expected price ratio and very good article
muy bien
product in excellent condition
excelente
excelente
Excelente
Excellent team arrived in their stipulated time.
execelent
excellent
arrived in perfect condition
EXCELENTE
excelente
Works as expected.
great phone !! very happy with it. Works perffectly in Venezuela. I have only try it on Movistar lines but it was perfect.
good buy
Got this for my aunt she loves it
Excelente
exelente
This product is very good I'm still using the phone.
It was an execellent purchase and your prontitud was great
Excelente
Excelente
Excellent
exelente
todo excelente..Gracias!
good afternoon good seller very responsible, cell works great for Venezuela, the only thing I did not like was the charger, the charger connector that should improve. thank you
perfect phone
EXCELLENT
All right.
recommend excellent point
excelente
EXCELLENT PRODUCT, IS UNLOCKED FOR MOVISTAR VENEZUELA.
It's a excellent product and it was on time. I recommend it a lot
exellent
Great, would buy from this vendor again.
works in Venezuela 3G great!
The product was the expected excellent
Thank You
Very good phone. Fast and reliable. You can use it for any network. I'm very happy with it
Excelente
Item came promptly and as described.
Excellent! Great seller, great product as new. 10000% recommend this seller.
Excelente
For those looking for a phone that can be carried in a pocket, easy to hold in hand, very economical and powerful.
EXCELENT
excellent product
Good
I'm hoping this is worth the price being paid for it. So far so good.
VERY GOOD
It works fine with Movilnet!!! I am from Venezuela
Good Morning;the product you buy is as specified at the time of purchase.follow so many compliments.
exelente
Well worth the $ works great and easy to use and not too big for a small pocket
Excelent
exellent.
I cracked the screen the 2nd week I owned it and then the phone quit working altogether. Luckily I was able to take it apart and fix it myself. Ever since I've had no issues with it and its the perfect phone for me. I don't like those big bulky phones. They make you a target for thieves. Good looking out Samsung on the Galaxy S3
Since this was our first smartphone we had enough of a learning curve that we called it our "out-smart phone". However we have come to enjoy using it and prefer Android to another well-known operating system.
Very good
excelente
Excelente articulo, entrega a tiempo y en optimas condiciones
excelent
Very well, thank you
At first I was browsing for an android phone and I came across this phone. I was looking for something I can afford with my price range. I wanted a small phone and I don't really care how thin it was. So it had meant my expectation. And I cannot seem to leave it alone since I got my first android phone. :)Plus I bought a reasonable price case that protects my phone as well. :)
I like it. It was delivered at time. My samsung S3 mini is perfect. It is Cool, Good and Practical. I recommended it
Excelent ! My kid is happy with it And has no complains about it i recomend this ítem to everyone
This is a great phone.
chose to give this phone I have and I love it is easy to use, neither too large nor too small perfect and you can download several applications
Its a good cellphone for 200 dollars, it works perfectly as unlocked!. In all gsm carriers. I dont like the blue it looks cheap but.. its ok.
I live in the Bahamas and cell works great. Love the technology and easy usage of the device would recommend
I love my Samsung Galaxy S3 mini. The color is awesome and unique. The price of this phone has dropped dramatically with the introduction of the s4. I love Samsung products. If you are in need of a samsung smartphone and not willing to pay the price of the newer models. This is a great alternative.
Works great, I just put my sim card in, change it to English and it worked. The only problem I had was with the adapter for the wall plug didn't work.
Bien =)
ESPAÑOL:Sin detalles, ni defectos. La memoria interna si es de 8GB, solo que la utilizable es de 4GB, el resto es utilizada por los archivos internos del telefono inteligente.La camara toma excelentes fotos. La bateria dura aproximadamente 12 horas en un dia de uso normal, sin mucha musica y videos.Respecto a mi principal preocupacion que era la señal, no hay ningun problema, funciona perfecto en mi pais, levanta 3G.ENGLISH:No defects, no problems.The internal memory is 8GB but only 4GB is usable, the rest is used by the internal files of the smart phone.The camera takes excellent photos. The battery lasts about 12 hours in a day of normal use without a lot of music and videos.About my main concern; the signal, there is no problem, works perfect in my country, up 3G.VENEZUELA
excelent
It was an excellent purchase. I bought it for my mom and she was very happy with the product. Also arrived without any problems and it looks good quality.
This samsung s3 mini is top quality, i ordered this to miami then was send to my country venezuela, the phone came without any problems or scratches, If you need a good smartphone then this s3 mini gt-i8190 is the best solution.
I like it very much. It works great. Still trying to understand why I have to restart every day for the date to change, but I'm sure there must be some software update that will fix it. I'll find it. Thank you.
EXCELENTE
excelente sin palabras
Excelente
Excelent
nice 100 % good i like it all time
EXCELLENT
the factory unlocked international phone does all the things that you're worried about ( world voltages, accepts normal SD cards' wifi without SD card installed). in addition to normal SIM cards the SD card I installed the 64 gig works fine-it actually all performs my samsung galaxy 4 and will not become my phone for travel and in the States. the euro plug precludes the need for an adapter and can be used with any standard Samsung usb charger back home. leave your lap book, tablet, camera, and worries at home, bon voyage.
It had to be returned. Did not work with Verizon. Technically it's not the phone because my daughter has the same phone but the one that works with Verizon and she really likes the phone. If you are purchasing a phone for Verizon network, it has to say Verizon. It cannot just be "unlocked" it won't work on the Verizon network
exelente gracias
excelente
excellent
excellent item
Great phone
Excelente
fine
good phone for basic everyday use
An excellent device. Right size and very powerful. Much better than the IPhone 4S
Teléfono muy bueno y útil, buena cámara.
Good
EXCELENTE
Lo Recomiendo
very good
excelente
excellent product
excelente
excelente
The product is good I have no complaints
Thanks.
Buen teléfono
recomendado
excelente producto
great phone, especially for the price
excelente producto
excellent
excellent recommending
hello, this came to me as I expected perfect recommend this item and this shop. will apologize for my English is not good
excellent
I like this cell phone, excelent product
It is very good. and easy to use. Contains apalicaciones good and excellent space for storage. Ofrece una buena experiencia.
As a venezuelan user, i'm really happy with this purchase cause its almost imposible to find a smartphone like this in my country whitout paying an enormous amount of money.
Bought this phone for my 12 Year Old Daughter. The phone arrived on time and was just as described. My only issue was that it is supposed to be a new phone, however, the charger was clearly used and did not work. Otherwise the phone is great.
Nice phone, works perfectly, the price we got is a great deal. I got it for my mom and later bought another for my sister, and they are very happy with it. It might not be the top performer phone, but for basic needs and good internet connectivity this is perfect.
This was for a gift so I'm no able to try myself but the person is really happy with it. I got it on time, actually before the day they told me I would get it.
This is great..just like regular s3 phone. Cute size and professional looking. I love this phone...I bought this for my dad. He loves it..
The first phone that they send us had troubles with the screen (some weird stripes appeared from time to time), and the Internet connection was also slower (never able to get the 3G). We noticed all this two days after it arrived, so it was still on warranty.Therefore, we completed a form in the web page (rma.blisswireless.com) that they send with the phone. We indicated that we were having technical problems, and that we wanted a replacement. Next day we received an email asking for the order number and the day afterwards another one saying that a new phone was just sent. No more questions needed.We received the replacement in 4 bussines days. This new phone works perfectly, no technical issues whatsoever and gets really fast Internet. It is completely unlocked and new, it even comes in the original box.We sent them back the first phone in a prepaid USPS, so the whole replacement had no costs for us at all. I was really impressed how easy it was to replace it.The phone is really cool, and the costumer service is really good.
I bought this phone for my mom. She lives in Venezuela and has worked perfectly with Movistar, and if it works with Movistar then for sure it works with Movilnet since they both manage the same band frecuency for their 3G networks. I completely recommend this phone. Although my mom has had some troubles getting used to it (she used to have a blackberry bold 2), but it's just lack of experience with it.
I bought this product after I owned a Blackberry smartphone for many years and I am very please.Beside I got a Sansumg tablet the aplications are the same,so it was not difficult to use this smartphone.
The phone is just as I expected.... Good conditions, and perfectly working. Just put my sim card andd started workingPerfect
Everything was just as i expected, all new still in the box. At&t had no trouble connecting to their system.
love love love this phone...i would recommend it to every one...easy to use...not to big....does basically everything the s3 does!!
It's quite a good phone. Was able to meet my needs but the only problem is the battery. It doesn't take me for a day when fully charged
this phone is great, and if you considerate the price for it, you will have agreat cell phone for a low cost
ok
Excellent!
excelente.. gracias
good
Excelente...
all ok
excelent
excellent
excelente
excellent purchase and perfect for use in Vzla.
fine
Excelent
Excellent
Excelente Producto
What can I say? Just love it!
EXCELENTE
Good
exelente
EXCELLENT
excellent
Excelente!!
exelente
Excellent
Excelent! I'm very happy
Excellent product purchased movistar Venezuela
excelente
I love the Samsung. It's easy to set up and learn how to use. However, the kit came with a European plug on it, and the phone initially was in German! Fortunately I figured out how to change the language to English, but I did have to buy another plug in charger.
excellent phone without new samsung galaxy s gt 3 mini i8 190 works on 3g with digitel doing nice navigation
This phone is one of my best friends. :-) It is small enough to fit in my purse while large enough for me to see the screen and use my fingers to text. It is fast and has enough memory for me to get all of my texting, photos and work apps on it. I plan to keep this phone for a very long time.
very good phone, very easy to use, has very useful applications installed and will be installed. I love the phone, it is of an appropriate size, and technologically very good.
I love my new mobile phone good product, I hope buy as soon as possible the new S4, I recomend this product
Thx for all
I am loving my new s3 mini after upgrading from a blackberry. Did not realize I would love it so much. Was pleased with the service from this company also after I had an invoice issue.
Quality price ratio, this is a great deal. I bought it for a friend of mine, and he really liked it.
CONFIABLE
Excellent sending , Super chevere product is what I expected , came before the expected time . everything very well. thank you
Muy bueno.
👍
excelete rpoducto
It's a simple, small phone but it takes a licking and keeps on ticking as Timex used to say. Rooted and flashed repeatedly to upgrade the software it still works and I don't have any immediate plans to replace it.
excelente
Very nice!
EXCELENTE
Still learning all features. But so far love the phone. Great size to fit in jeans pocket. Yet big enough screen to see what I need to see.
excelent
the operation was successful shopping I found very good, continuous shopping with amazon.com truth is a method that saves time and always get good deals
Got this for my daughter..she has used it all over europe with no problem and really loves it. It may not have ALL the bells and whistles of a fancier phone but serves her purposes well.
This is the best cellphone that I have owned. It is very easy to use and perfect for me and I would recommend to anyone loocking to upgrade their cell phone.
By its tecnoogy, it is an item easy to use, and is easy to carry on, you can access to internet quickly
Hello, All my purchases have been made successfully, thanks for everything. Good Job. I hope they continue so. By by
i love it ..the delivery tome was perfect and the item is beautiful, i liked it alot and it works just fine for me, the perfect side and all... it is really nice!!
excellent product, you can not expect less from the manufacturer, is a product that works as described and that no failures when used, widely recommended
I originally bought a phone from a company recently entering the phone market and it quit after just a month. This phone functions faster and is by far more durable.It has been VERY reliable. I can see why Samsung is one of the top phones.UPDATE: After 2-/12 years of continuous use the phone went into a continuous reboot mode, even after replacing the battery. I was able to fix it by doing a hard reset.UPDATE: May 2016. The phone stopped recognizing the SIM card, any SIM card. Its been a great phone. Because of much higher prices I am now looking at one of the new Asus ZenFone Laser phones.
Good product recommend. Good delivery time.
Excellent
Excellent! I recommend it
Excelente
muy bueno excelente
very good
excellent
excelent
excellentI loved its size, software, color. I love having everything in one. Emails, Face, Twitter etc.. Takes excellent photos, plus you can connect with my samsung smart tv, too many features to handle. Loved it! Bello.
Nice and fast product!!!
all fine. good phone
I ordered for my granddaughter, but 70% of electronics in our house is Samsung brand so it was a very simple choice.
Excelente producto.
I love these phones arrived in good time and are wonderful hundred percent recommend them, they are cute and I love the color are practical and comfortable
excellent..late because I am far but surely.me falta todavia chequear la calidad de los productos. thank you very much
Delivery satisfied. and prompt delivery
Works as one would expect. Fast, responsive, and overall good value. International version only allows for 3G/Hsdpa, so that took some getting used to. I was also mildly let down by the lack of tap-to-send function, which is only on certain models of the Galaxy.
I am totally satisfied with the S3 mini. However, the manual that came with it is in every language but ENGLISH....I despise going on-line and downloading a pdf. If you never used this phone or do not have a computer, you are left out in the dark. Samsung can afford to send an in-depth manual...I highly recommend the phone, but the tightwads at Samsung need to get it together..... 5 star for the phone, 3 star for customer consideration...
Arrived with Arabic as the set language. Once I figured that out and changed it to English I purchased a Verizon Sim Card and subsequently found out it won't work on Verizon, I then cancelled Verizon and set it up on Straight Talk and the Phone worked like a champ. Unfortunately the earphone jack is defective and I use that to hook up a phone to the sound system at the cabin. I am sending it back and getting the big brother.
Excellent smartphoneOptimal sizeVery smoothGood serviceit with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out.
The phone is great and I'm happy I bought it. I used the phone in the States and I'm using it now in Argentina. I just changed the sim card and it worked without problems. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the battery life, which is very poor.
I choose this rating because is a excellent product, 100% recommended.I like because the phone has many functions and the camera.I recommended because is very nice
phone is amazing. the only drawback is that half the advertised 8GB internal memory is taken up by system files and the OS; only 4 GB is available for additional storage. the SD card slot comes in very handy. i am using this in the US; just swithched from 14 yrs of verizon to Sraight talk byop plan with an at&t sim card. had it switched in 15 minutes. my wife has been on straight talk for a few years. i had a motorola droid x...this samsung is pretty sharp, runs faster, and has a much detter display.... great for the money. I had a little issue with mms settings, but got if fixed with minimal fuss....the phone lets you change them easily. it fits good in my hand. and i can put it in my shirt or pants pocket. i hate these huge tablet pones coming out now and i refuse to get a belt clip. the sound is good coming out of the speaker and the interface is easy to use too
phone that has it all good compatibility with large programs on your processor speed, then buy you the fourth =)
Very good product, i bougth it for my son and he is very happy and grateful. I have another samsung of my own, but this one is definetely better in all aspects.
Excelente producto y excelente servicio... El equipo cubre mis espectativas y luce de muy buena calidad.El tiempo de entrega fue mejor del esperado.
Great phone that work really well.Has a very nice screen and takes amazing pictures with a lot of contrast and nice colors.The APN settings in the box for AT&T are not correct, and couldn't contact the seller to get them right. AT&T had no clue about that, as Samsung USA. So I had to reset to default APN settings for 3g on AT&T... and it worked fine :)Great product I would recommend it to anyone.
This a great product small, compact and easy to use. The only downside is the amount of use you get out of a single charge. Average time is about one (01) day. Other than that great product.
I like this item. I received it quickly and impressed by how fast it came. I was looking forward to it and it didn't fail me in any way. I will definitely use this company again and recommend it.
This phone fits very well on the palm of your hand. It runs so fast that you may think it is a quad core phone. Battery is good not great. You do not need a micro-SIM for this phone. The camera could be better but it takes good pictures considering it is a budget phone. If you want to purchase an unlocked phone that will not break your bank, this is a great choice.
PERFECTO , L O R E C O M I E N D O E L 1 0 0 %
el envio llego a tiempo el producto en perfecto estado , nuevo!!!... es totalmente desbloqueado , sirve perfectamente para movistar en venezuela
Samsung did it again great product. This phone is about the same size as the iphone 5, but i like it more.
This is a truly unlocked international phone, the UI can be set to any language from the long list. It's sad and understandable why Samsung won't sell it in US as it is twice as cheaper than its big brother Galaxy S III. The screen is gorgeous, the phone is very fast and responsive. The size of this baby is perfect for both men and women, unless one prefers all those "bricks" with huge screens. I love this phone!
Great phone, but, very weak screen!CAUTION, DON'T LET IT FALL!The screen glass is very expensive in Venezuela, and very weak!
Works perfectlyThe size is great for people who don't want to have a large phone walking around withAll the same features as the Samsung s 3 large.Definitely worth it
these phones gives you the same bang as its bigger predecessor just smaller with a less MP on the camera is you are not in to big phones this would do the trick
It reached all my expectations. Battery is enough for one day at heavy use, which is not much, but acceptable.
First off, thumbs up for the seller, very accurate! Now, this device is truly amazing! Completely new and unlocked, and the UI is incredible. Running on JB, users might not need any customization, however, I did install Next Launcher 3D just to check the smoothness and all I can say is...WOW! Pebble blue color is pretty much the same as its bigger brother, S3. The wifi is great and fast, network reception is too awesome, camera, I must say pretty impressive. Now for gaming, this device with dual core can take some pretty heavy graphics. I installed Shadowgun deadzone and this device delivered! People crying about this device being laggy, totally not true, and the battery is decent, but I am always using it, either with games, music, or the camera/video. The battery will last you about 2 days with normal use. Durability is great! Already dropped it a couple of times, of course with the Dual Armor Case equipped, and not a single scratch. TRUST me when I say that this device is worth buying, you'll come to find that for a mid-range phone, the little brother of the S3 can INDEED deliver heavy kicks!! Recommendations thrown out to everyone!!
This phone is more than my thinking. I love it. It should be worth to buy this mobile unlocked phone
My husband likes the police for their work, and the flashlight is convenient and there is variety of things , and for me it is important that my husband feel good and buy it
Came quickly. Factory fresh. Language change instructions included. Recognized H2o Sim immediately. Transfer of apps on nexus7 easy...what more can you ask?
A good phone, unblocked by factory. despite the camera being only 5MP, which would be considered a lot a few years ago, the image is quite impressive, also for the video recording and of course there is a secondary camera, that you could take facial photographs; the video codec reader can read .flv files. good bye.
Exellent
Very happy with phone. Does all I want it to do.
excelente
Excellent
very good
excelente
buen producto
good shop!
great phone; used it in Europe and worked well everywhere.
Exclente, it was what I expected.
Excellent seller as usual. The devices are new just as described. They work perfect. I recommend this seller 100%
all good
EXCELENTE
Excelent
Excellent!!
EXCELLENT. I LOVE IT! THANK YOU VERY MUCH
Excelente
I really liked this phone. Fast, powerful and despite not being very fond of huge phones...with time...you get used to it. And it's a mini, it's not as big as an S3 or S4.Responds fast and the battery last a full day. This will depend on how much you use it, if you navigate, listen to music, call or text.I mustly text, tweet and send and receive pictures, and by the end of the day the battery is at around 10%.If you can charge it at the office, then even better. But that's common with todays phones.This model came with NFC and S-Beam
This phone came unlocked as I hope and all and all I am very please ^_^I am using this phone with net10 working off of the ATT network. $54 unlimited monthly plan...good bye Verizon better than paying $90!! OH and yes I have 3G/4G speeds coverage is excellent very very satisfied.
It's an excellent phone and gives a person almost everything needed in terms of communication. The picture quality is excellent, continuous automatic updates from Google Play Store made the application running as easy as it can be. The product was delivered 3 days in advance
I like tha phone, its so easy to use, and working very good in venezuela i like it. And loveit
Excellent product love the cellphone great job you guys do the best for my experience with this samsung many thanks
I originally purchased this as a spare. I started using it after my full sized Galaxy S III was misplaced. The battery life is better than the full sized S III. The only issue I have found for me is the smaller keyboard. I would buy another one if I had to.
Very good
Exelent
Great Phone!
perfect!
very good
EXCELENTE
Excelente
excelente
excelente
I was a loyal Nokia user for many, many years. But after some bad Nokia experiences lately, finally took a friend's advice and tried a Samsung, with much hesitation. And I'm loving it. Everything is super-easy, from installing another input language to figuring out the interface. The phone does need an option to turn off the start-up sound -- had to download an app for that, which doesn't seem like the best solution. But it works.
It is a great smartphone. I am very glad with the purchase!!!.Small but very practical. You have everything in the palm of your hand.
I researched and bought it for my husband, who uses it for international calls and texting. He says it's brighter and more cheerful than his Blackberry and LG. He has used the camera, and calculator features. He's gone online a couple of times, and he's used some of the widgets. When he first got the phone, he thought the key pad was too small for his fingers. Now he's adjusted to its size, and he feels that the size of the phone is perfect, and the screen size is nice and big.
Great product i really recommend it!! I bought this phone in the US and use it in El Salvador, it works perfectly. Great deal.
I like it, it was a good ship, I don't now what can I say, it was good, it's a good phone
it's ok.
I gave this phone a 5 star rating becaus i love everything about it and as usual delivery through Amazon was on time. The only problem I have is that I can only charge the phone through a computer. the wall charger does not work and I tried it at different locations.
Its functions fulfill a wide range of supporting resources, like having on hands google maps, calendar of local events, on every city, GPS, local time, make it extremely usefull when I travel around.
very nice phone for the price good investment, works great does almost everything as the regular Galaxy SIII and speed not bad either for the specs
I love my phone! Does everything I'd want one to do and fits well in my hand. Had initially purchased the S3 but it was too large.NOTE: I have had my phone a little over a year now and still love it. However, the microphone went out on it several months back and that was very handy for me while texting. All other functions are still working properly and I am still very happy with my phone. In spite of losing the microphone, I'd still make this purchase.
muy bien
excellent product, thanks
all right
excellent all time
Excellent
this cell is very nice
great
excelente producto
Very Good
Fine, that's what I am waiting for
Very good
Excelente!!
Exelent...
EXCELENTE
I bought this phone for my wife and she love it. A friend of mine saw it and ask me to get one for his girlfriend
excellent
100% recommended excellent article, a safe way to make purchases through the internet I recommend to my fellow Venezuelans yes
is an excellent phone, perfect graphics, fast performance and great quality product, samsung is it leading electronic; gsm works perfectly with lines
This phone is worth considering if you like the Samsung Galaxy SIII but not the size. This phone is very smooth and full featured. I won't repeat the specs as they are all over the place. I will say, the build quality is solid. Battery life is a daily charger, but it makes it through on normal use. Heavy users might need a little charge time in the middle of the day. The Touchwiz interface has improved so much since the days of the original Galaxy S phones. This phone is about the same size ans shape as the Captivate but the performance is way beyond the Captivate ever way (without upgrading the ROM from stock). JellyBean makes this phone a perfect daily driver for those who want the power but not the size. It is a great compromise in my opinion. Make sure you check the hardware spec as this phone does not have all of the same sensors as the full sized SIII. For me, the sensors it had were more than enough. Others might disagree if they need NFC.
Two weeks. Loving it. Charge everyday but perhaps because I always punching its buttons for music or something else. Nice toy. Just get a case.
Combines the technology and easy to carry due to its size. It's a great phone and works very well in Brazil.
SO FAR IT DOING WHAT I NEED. IT TOOK SOME TIME TO FIGURE OUT HOW SYNC SPLANNER WITH GOOGLE CALENDAR. GOOGLE SYNCED WITH EASE. THE MINI SIZE IS A CHALLENGE: CAS
I liked the price it was reasonable. I have vision problems so it was hard to use bc the screen was small, other than that I liked the phone. Ended up getting another phone that I am able to see without frustration or eye strain.CC...
I love this smartphone, it has the optimal size, not too big as the SIII and not small as others smartphones.The dual core CPU gives the correct performance and speed to this phone.I must really say that I'm impressed with the touchscreen, sensitive and smooth.I bought the International version, sold by Amazon due I read some "1star" comments of different buyers; like users received an used phone, with logos of AT&T or others. This one, sold by Amazon is almost USD 40 more expensive but you'll receive what you want. A new phone, unused, without logos.The only thing I need to mention is when you turn on at first time, the Languge is in Hungarian (or something like that), I used google traductor to change it to Spanish, the one I need. So this is not a big matter, but I need to mention it.Until now, I am 100% satisfied with this phone. Hope this satisfaction last for a few years.
I was really impressed by the delivery time. I got it in 3 business day. Brand new with all the equipment. It use the regular sim card compare to the full size S III which use the micro sim. Accept right away my sim(Factory Unlocked). I 'am delightful because it does pretty much every thing that the big brother does........Will definitely recommend it to anyone.
I want to say about this product, I have not yet come to hand, but a dealer has been good, quick answers regarding the questions asked, I expect to receive the product as detailed as is the provider in their specifications
Very good
excellent very fast no problems
The phone is great - I wish I could get an English manual for it. It came with a Polish one and I can't read it. I'm sure that there are features that I don't know about.
Muy Bien
bien
nice
Excellent
The product arrived on time and it was working as expectedThe price was goo I'm happy with this product
excelete
Great smartphone.
bien
good
Excelent
Really like this phone!!!
excellent product and 100% reliable
excelente
Good afternoon, good job.
Works well
Nice product.
excelente producto
very good
SUPER COMFIABLE
nice product
Good.
excelente
good seller and god product very serius
excellent product without any damage
i love it, excelent phone
Very handy unit when always traveling abroad. Screen to small for texting
exelente
excelente producto
Excelent
Excellent
good
everything offered excellent article in the publication every perfect
buen producto
Good
really liked pleased with purchase
excelente
Excelente producto...
bueno
EXCELENT
good
IT'S ALL YOU GUYS HAVE TO KNOW, WITH ANY OPERATOR (DIGITEL, MOVILNET, MOVISTAR)ESTO TODO LO QUE NECESITAN SABER, CON CUALQUIER OPERADORA.
The product is OK. There is a complaint, the user manual is in French, I would prefer in english. but is OK I can read the manual in internet.
I bought this cellphone and is grate, i have been with it almost a year and is perfect no problemas so far
it is a good cellphone but need more internal space. but it is small and practical to use it any time.
exelente
Excelente
very good
Nice
I love my new phone....works perfectly.
Perfect
excelente
muy bueno
good
The phone is in perfect condition! Thank you! =D
all good
Excellent
muy buenos
excelente
Excellent product , thank you .
excellent very good
excellent cellphoone
Fast and excelent
good
Excelente
Excellent product. I recommend it.
Excelente producto 100% original. Lo recomiendo buen vendedor.
Excelente
great price, great product
Fantastic.
excellent
lo mejor que pude comprar
Excelente
Unfortunately i did not received a cell phone with 8 Gb internal memory, it is 4 Gb. For the rest the cell is GREAT.
For a mid range phone is ok and the samsung services is a plus. I recommend it for someone that doesnt care too much for a lot of features just the standard.
The samsung galaxy S 111 mini is exactly what it describtion say it would be, i love it. Try it
I've heard a lot of back and forth reviews on this. I love this phone. I live in the U.S. and i have consumer cellular as my phone provider. I bought this phone, stuck my sim card in it, and had no trouble at all setting it up. All i had to do was go through initial set up steps like language settings (it was in English (ireland) and i changed it to english (united states)). Connected to our WIFI and the WIFI at my work without any problems...this phone amazes me with what it can do in a phone that's not overly bulky. My brother got one of these as well and i set it up exactly like mine without a single problem.
My wife bought this b/c she wanted something smaller than the Galaxy s4 that I have. It is basically the same phone without a couple of the bells and whistles. The camera, however, is significantly lower quality than the camera on the regular s4. This was a huge disappointment since the camera was a primary reason that we bought another smartphone in order to take pictures of our newborn daughter.
I just love doing business with Amazon and this item was not an exception. It certainly fulfilled my needs and expectations.
This phone is excellent both for its speed, functionality and size do not bother, the only deficiency that I see is the battery, as many of these phones is very short.Soy de Venezuela lo uso para digitel y funciona perfectamente; muy recomendado.
The Samsung galaxy Mini S III definitly fullfild my expectations, great screen display, pretty fast processor and easy to use
Phone is great same features as bigger model but smaller fits in your pocket well great buy. Would recommend if you want a phone without that big screen.
This was a great product, great phone, great price and quick shipping. This was the best price on a new, unlocked G3 mini after a lot of on-line shopping.I would recommend this seller to anyone looking for a new, unlocked phone!
This phone is everything I wanted and best of all it worked right out of the package for phone calls. I had to call Bmobile in Trinidad and Tobago to upgrade to 4G data for my data to work as my old phone was a blackberry and we have different data plans for them here. Samsung has made me an android convert :)The blue is lovely, I've only seen it in white here in Trinidad.For those who are on Digicel and complained that the data was locked, call digicel and upgrade to 4G. This is truly an Unlocked phone
Love this phone, all the features of Samsung Galaxy SIII without its size. I ordered the unlocked version and have no problems travelling internationally .. i just replace sims in the different countries and I am good to go.
The phone is awesome, the performance exceed my expectations,I am glad to get this NFC version instead iPhone 5, not many shops have it available.
this phone are my dream true excelent image very fun for play message picture videos music and more i recomended this product for everyone
I am so confused why this phone is not more popular. I had a normal Samsung SIII which I promptly lost due to its ginormous size (can't fit in any damn pockets). This little guy fits so nice in my tiny lady pockets and honestly I can barely notice a difference in processing prowess. Don't forget it takes a full size sim card unlike the SIII normal.
Excelente producto
The battery sucks. The other things are good
Excellent product, good quality, recommended.
excelente
Excelente
Excellent
Excellent
excellent product. Recommend purchase. Good finish and design. I am going to try other products from the same brand
I knew this cellphone, very good in its range
I found a nice and convenient cell phone for its size and diversity of functions, which I hope is pleasing to my wife whom I gave it.
I found this S III mini as a gift for a friend. She love it her new phone. The pnhone came with all the accesories. You have to take your time for understand all the posibilities that offer this phone, but once you knoes how works the most of the aplications ( in fact you do not need a PhD, just patiente) , you can enjoy of this phone. I sperfect for persons that needs a great screen for check intenet or emails, but you have to take care of the touch screen ( the same with all the models touch). after learn how to us eyour SIII mini, the second step is buy a protective case for the phone. 100 % recommended.
It does everything i wanted and more. But the memory available it's just 4gb. The rest is used by the system.
the charger i received with this phone didnt work...so i would suggest you buy a separate charger one time because of this...other than that the phone is ok
all good thanks very good product,what I expected, everything in perfect condition and I hope all goes well when using it
This is a discount version of a samsung galaxy, lower functions for no good reason, but a really good value for the price.
excelente
It's a gift for my son, told me that exceeds your expectations. Very versatile and a unique Software. My son changed the Samsung Galaxy III that he had previously, for this new device.
I am graduation from a mytouch 4g. I was worried about some of the descriptions describing 3g speed, but have not noticed it being any slower than the mytouch "4g" on internet related things.The only con is S-voice. It's a barely ok voice dialing system. It's based on google search, and gives you the same useless prompts. If you aren't looking at the phone, you won't know whether you're supposed to be waiting, talking or trying again.I finally disabled S-voice and am now using Utter. Although it's not perfect as of this writing, it's way better than S-Voice. Genius on the mytouch 4g was a vastly superior voice dialer to both products.Unfortunately, the mytouch appears abandoned at Android 2.2 All the cool stuff come in at Android 4.1 so I had to upgrade.Other than S-Voice, the Samsung S3 mini is a wonderful phone with an excellent battery life and many capabilities. I also like it's form factor. It's small enough that people won't mistake it for a small chopping board or serving tray.Also note that Android 4.1 and above doesn't support flash, so there are many websites and videos that aren't accessible without going through major trouble. (side load flash, download firefox and enable.) Can't blame that on Samsung though.Samsung's proprietary software is a bit tiresome and intrusive, but it's easily disabled in settings.
este equipo salio malo no funciona bien como hago para la garantía
All Good
bien
excelente!! producto
Good! I recomend it to use it abroad.
excelente
excellent equipment
muy buen producto
el mejor producto que halla tenido se los recomiendo a todo aquel que quiera un buen teléfono muy excelente vendedor lo recomiendo
Cood
RECOMENDADO!
took over a year with the phone ... excellent !
NICE
thanks
excellent product recommended .
Excellet telephone... I love it
muy bueno
excellent
I LIKE
exelente
Excellent article and its delivery was timely
Excelent
Excelent
bien
WooCommerce
excellent product recommend
excellent product and buy
Came just right on time...excellent product..totally satisfied..☺😊
GOOD PHONE , IT WAS A GIFT TO SOMEBODY , HE LOVED IT NO COMPLAINT THE PHONE CAME WELL PRESENTED , I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYBODY WHO IS LOOKING FOR AN AFFORDABLE ONE
The phone is responsive, quick to load an app, looks great, and performs great. My only complaint, too many buttons that can turn off the phone - I've accidentally turned off.
The phone has all the droid features you would expect. This is my 1st smart phone so it is all a little new for me so I am still in training. The case is plastic which is not great since it came off on me once when I pulled it out of the protective holder I bought for it. I would absolutely recommend getting a holder for it. I also noticed the battery life is not good I drain down to close to half power every day with only a couple phone calls and 15 or 20 minutes on the net checking the news. I would buy extra chargers for work and the car.
Buy it from Venezuela. Works fine with Movistar. It is very fast and good in all its functions. The best cell. I recommend it.
excellent
Good item but i little bit small than i believe. That's work pretty fast and has a gorgeous exterior design.
A new Galaxy S3 Mini phone. Didnt come with an English users manual so I had to find one of those on line. Takes a while to learn how to use all the features. I like it.
I loved it, it is better than expected, very pleased with what I bought, perfect in every. graciess!! ... ...
Im iffy about this the first one I ordered kind of aucked the home button didnt work I couldnt go home or remove opened apps or take screenshots.i told the company and they replaced it right away my new one works wonderfully I love it .. the battery life could use a few tweaks but hey nothings perfect . All in all I love my phone.
This is a very user friendly phone, without too many external buttons that get bumped and knock you off calls, or whatever you are doing. Great looking, fast....and does what it claims it will. Nice phone, very nice phone. Reception is much better in my area than my old phone was, by far.
I love it. Great features. Highly recommended. Friends and family have requested these gadgets. It's widely purchased. A must have.
I write from Venezuela the product arrived in perfect condition and in the day specified for delivery and I can sertificar that works with the telephone lines Movilnet and Movistar.Spanish: Español Escribo desde Venezuela el producto llegó en perfecto estado y en el día estipulado para su entrega y yo puedo sertificar que el trabaja con las lineas telefonicas Movilnet y Movistar.
Truly unlocked and so far have tried a SIM from ATT and one other generic in NY, USA. Also worked in the Philippines and I will test this winter in Thailand. No issues starting up, inserting new SIM was easy and had incredibly awesome reception (ironically better than in the states). I traveled with an old unlocked T-Mobile GSM phone for over 15 years but now with smartphones and SIM cards having included data plans I made the jump to a smart phone for traveling. I'm truly satisfied with this purchase and highly recommended this model phone. Minor differences with the standard Samsung iii but I don't mind (tap phones to transmit data isn't on this model etc...). The price is unbeatable as I attempted to purchase this one week prior on a trip to France and it was literally double the amount! Battery life excellent and size is a lot more comfortable to hold/carry than my standard S3. I personally prefer the size of the mini over the new trend of brick size phones. One note: this is a GSM phone which will not work on CDMA systems so you will not be able to use this with Verizon, Sprint, Metro PCS and some others ONLY GSM. Hopefully this review helps.
Awesome, I totally recommend it.. One of the best cellphones in the world, I'll stay now stay now with Samsung..
Greetings, happy with purchase, seller is responsible. I deliver the product on the dates indicated. The product is brand new. Only one complaint, the seller stated in the description that the cell has open the HSDPA GSM 900 and 900 and not true, the product box indicates that only works with 850/1900/2100 bands, in this case to Venezuela with Movistar and Movilnet. They must be aware of the cel Versioned they buy, in my case I8190L. Thank you.
I was so hesitant in buying this phone for several weeks, as so many reviews claimed that the 3G doesn't work on their T-mobile network. Well, to my surprise it does. Maybe because I live in a big city (Atlanta), and the towers are completed, not sure.AS for the phone, I had it for a week and I like it thus far. I had a HTC before, this is my first Samsung device. I feel like the battery drains a little faster than my HTC. I had issues with wifi connecting, so I googled some of the issues and it works fine now. I really like the phone so far, just have to get used to the slightly different software. Buy it, you will not be disappointed, unless you really want to spend $600 on those high-end phones, which I don't see the need for.
I purchased this phone as a gift for my grown son so I have not played with it. AllI know is he said it is great.
The product was the expected excellent
Thank You
Very good phone. Fast and reliable. You can use it for any network. I'm very happy with it
Excelente
Item came promptly and as described.
Excellent! Great seller, great product as new. 10000% recommend this seller.
Was worth every penny. Works well and pictures come out great too. Good value for money. Samsung has done a gud job with this one.
Samsung GT-i8190 galaxy s3 mini blue works perfect in Europe.My friend loves it.The price was right and shipment was fast
Is a very good phone! I liked very much because it can do almost everything you want. The problem is the battery is very poor when you used for a long time.
I love this phone. I'm not a fan of big phones so this was perfect and sold at a great price. Delivery was quick (next day)
actually I struggled with blackberry and I wanted something different. I decided to go with this, so far I like it and it works great.
Phone works great,i bought it as a secondary phone for my international travel.Thank you SamsungGood unlocked Galaxy S3 phone
Works like they said!!!!! Radio and everything else you need. GREAT PHONE. Don't buy phones from anywhere else. Great, great buy!!!!
All right.
recommend excellent point
excelente
EXCELLENT PRODUCT, IS UNLOCKED FOR MOVISTAR VENEZUELA.
It's a excellent product and it was on time. I recommend it a lot
exellent
Great, would buy from this vendor again.
works in Venezuela 3G great!
arrived in perfect condition
EXCELENTE
excelente
Works as expected.
great phone !! very happy with it. Works perffectly in Venezuela. I have only try it on Movistar lines but it was perfect.
good buy
Got this for my aunt she loves it
Excelente
exelente
This product is very good I'm still using the phone.
I bought this phone so long ago and I still have it. Right now it's beat up and needs a new back cover but otherwise I love it!
EXCELENTE
Excellent
Exelelente
Excellent!!
worked well throughout use. have now upgraded to asuperior S4mini
Nice phone. It's just a lot of hit and miss to find the language changer (to change it to English) when you first get it. But you can figure it out.
excellent product.
muy bien
product in excellent condition
excelente
excelente
Excelente
Excellent team arrived in their stipulated time.
execelent
excellent
At first I was browsing for an android phone and I came across this phone. I was looking for something I can afford with my price range. I wanted a small phone and I don't really care how thin it was. So it had meant my expectation. And I cannot seem to leave it alone since I got my first android phone. :)Plus I bought a reasonable price case that protects my phone as well. :)
I like it. It was delivered at time. My samsung S3 mini is perfect. It is Cool, Good and Practical. I recommended it
Excelent ! My kid is happy with it And has no complains about it i recomend this ítem to everyone
This is a great phone.
chose to give this phone I have and I love it is easy to use, neither too large nor too small perfect and you can download several applications
Its a good cellphone for 200 dollars, it works perfectly as unlocked!. In all gsm carriers. I dont like the blue it looks cheap but.. its ok.
I live in the Bahamas and cell works great. Love the technology and easy usage of the device would recommend
Buena compra
excelentee
It's very fine is perfect
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO,
bueno
I liked
Phone was fine but not have spanish language menues
El producto satisfizo las necesidades, tal cual como lo muestran en la pagina. Todo estuvo perfecto, muchas gracias.
GOOD
Excelente producto..!!!
excellent
good
excelent
excelent
Great phone... Battery was half full, like always with these things, put in my Tmobile sim card and it worked right away.. Its exactly the same size as my S1, which is what i wanted.
Great.....
excelente
excelente
Excelente
For those looking for a phone that can be carried in a pocket, easy to hold in hand, very economical and powerful.
EXCELENT
excellent product
Good
I'm hoping this is worth the price being paid for it. So far so good.
VERY GOOD
It works fine with Movilnet!!! I am from Venezuela
Good Morning;the product you buy is as specified at the time of purchase.follow so many compliments.
exelente
Everything in Low cost. Nice look. Works great.This is Samsung's Hidden Gem. I can say this is the perfect phone for low cost.
excellent product, very useful I recommend it 100%. works very well both as 3g 2g.just as the resolution of the camera is very good
It's a good deal, excelente product. This one, the I8190 works with all 3G bands worldwide. Excellent condition and it comes with a plug adapter.
I just got it and so far so good .it was just what I thought it would be. More manageable than the bigger s3
This is my first personal smart phone and so far I love it! I have a business smart phone but it is not an Android. I love this phone because it is so easy to use! It also works with the previous car adapter and wall adapter I had with my previous Samsung phone which is great! No issues so far! I am very impressed with this phone so far! I also like that it is very lightweight and can be put into a pocket or purse with no issues!
Amazing Phone. Unlocked, works great with AT&T GoPhone.Small but efficient. Great camera.Says 8GB storage. Only less than 5GB available for apps actually.
It's a great phone, but there's a problem with the battery or the charging system that I didn't have with the same S III mini that I had once
excellent product, good quality and meets the expectations, color and design, the finish is the expected price ratio and very good article
It was an execellent purchase and your prontitud was great
Excelente
Excelente
Excellent
exelente
todo excelente..Gracias!
good afternoon good seller very responsible, cell works great for Venezuela, the only thing I did not like was the charger, the charger connector that should improve. thank you
perfect phone
EXCELLENT
Well worth the $ works great and easy to use and not too big for a small pocket
Excelent
exellent.
I cracked the screen the 2nd week I owned it and then the phone quit working altogether. Luckily I was able to take it apart and fix it myself. Ever since I've had no issues with it and its the perfect phone for me. I don't like those big bulky phones. They make you a target for thieves. Good looking out Samsung on the Galaxy S3
Since this was our first smartphone we had enough of a learning curve that we called it our "out-smart phone". However we have come to enjoy using it and prefer Android to another well-known operating system.
Very good
excelente
Excelente articulo, entrega a tiempo y en optimas condiciones
excelent
Very well, thank you
thank you very much the product is brand new, very good very careful attention is everything I wanted the product. I am satisfied with the service of wrapping and sending thank you, I look forward to shopping with you in the future thanks
The mobile is nice, tiny, pretty high quality, reasonable price. I would definitely recommend it to everyone who doesn't want to overpay.
love the phone truly unlocked and fast shippingalso still in the sealed box with all the partscolor is fantastic and is really all I wanted
It has been 2 weeks since I bought this smartphone. At this time, I'm enjoying big time the perfect size of this phone (S3 and S4 are just too big for me), it is not heavy, good speed, very elegant design and a lot of apps to enjoy.First time, when I turned it on, the language was set in French (there was a note from the seller inside the box giving instructions about how to change the language from French to the one you need). It was pretty easy to change the language and a big list of languages, including English and Spanish.Also, there was a note in the box saying that "this phone DOES NOT work with SPRINT or VERIZON". On the other hand, I'm from Venezuela and it works fine with MOVISTAR. The signal shows "H" which I think is better than 3G (I'm not too good with this terms). My phone does not have any AT&T or other logos, just the Samsung Logo like it should be.The first 3 days, I was worried because sometimes it shutted down by itself (it started shutting down once or twice a day until at least 5 times a day at the end). Then, I searched on the web about this issue and turns out that I was not the only one. In some cases, people said that the phone shutted down and never start again... they called it "sudden death" and said that Samsung was already aware and working on this issue... AT THAT TIME I WAS SCARED!! I found an app that tells you if your phone is between those related to the sudden death issue but thank God i was not in the list.Trying to fix this issue, I found out some people saying that they fixed it using the factory data reset and updating to the latest official Android Version 4.1.2. With this info and knowing that may be some of the apps I downloaded could also be the reason of the failure, I decided to make the factory data reset. Even I wrote to the seller asking for help and he quickly answered me suggesting exactly the same solution.At this time, the phone is not shutting down by itself anymore (not even once!) and I'm very happy with my new smartphone.I'm not rating with 5 star because battery does not last one day (and I don't use it the entire day). I may suggest you to buy the car charger, the quick start guide is in French and also camera should be improved ( I don't like when pictures look blur even when you are doing an effort to avoid any movement).
Can't beat the price! I heart my phone and love everything it does. Makes my life so much more technical.
Friends were unaware this phone existed. Perfectly sized for my needs - fits into pouch when running. Bright screen, great battery life. Nice product.
This is a smaller version of the Galaxy S III I originally bought one for my wife because she did not want the giant version of the S III. Then I used it and bought one for myself. It has all the features of the S III but is a much more manageable size with only a 4" screen. I would recommend this phone to anyone.
I bought this for my son, and he loves it! He kept telling me that I should get one for myself, and I'm really considering it.
perfect
100 % Responsible
ok
Excelente
Very good
very good product thanks very much
very good
Excelent item
good product. !
excelent
Ok
all very good
I love it. Great phone.
very good recommended
Great Buy, came with accsesories and his box.Perfect conditions.
Muy bueno
Excellent
Excellent
ok
This item cannot be returned.Return Window expired on August 7, 2014.
The phone is brand new and unlocked. I took my old phone and this phone to the AT&T store and the technician there moved all my data, simms chip and pictures onto the new phone. AT&T has a new policy about bringing your new phone to them. They no longer charge to activate the phone. AT&T just wants you to purchase bandwidth from them.
the cellphone works excellent here in Ecuador. The only thing that I don't like, the cellphone has some extra app, that I cannot remove even i do many times and they come back.
Excellent phone, I made a good buy I like my Samsung S3 mini shipment was very fast and responsible, I recommend it. . ..
I love this phone. I miss being able to put what I want on the.SD card, but I will get around that issue. It is fast and I love the size. It is big enough to not strain my eyes but easy to hold. It is true that an english manual in NOT included. I dont have a PC due to a house fire, but I am going to use the computer in the office that are for apartment resident's use and print it. In many communities the library has a computer and printer. I have had no problems thus far and I have owned it for a couple of months now.
this cel looks good and hopefully comes up to expectations but the instructions came in a language I cannot read. seems to be Eastern European and the charger does not have a normal US plug. which is not what I expected....
This phone is just as good as the original S3, just smaller. I bought one for my daughter because I was so impressed with the quality and speed of the phone. I have had no issues with either one. I've had mine for about 8 months now and performs like a champ.
Until today the phone has worked very well. It was adapted to the phone line I installed it, it is international and works perfectly. It's fast, convenient, simple and good image resolution.
good
Very pleased
exelente
Good enough for people that wants to start with smart phones but not go all the way. Is small, and easy to use. I live in Venezuela and works perfectly here.
excelente
muy bueno
Excelente
very responsible seller highly recommend it.
Excellent
Good phone, no problems with it. Get the Waze app and use it every time you drive so you can report speed traps and take advantage of speed traps of other "Wazers."
Beatiful and excelent...
good..
great
excelente
Love it thanks.
The Price could be better...good product and seller
Excelente...!!!
A1
Worked as expected. I've been using it for more than a year now and still works!
i love it
fine
I love it
NO
perfetc
Excellent product!
excellent product and good quality
O.K
Excelent
Happy
this a very good product and trust dealer
This is my second one, exactly same model. Overall of both are very good performance. I like them. However, The same music maximum volume was low either using its speaker or its headphone. If battery could been to last more than 5 hours after fully charged, l would like it more. The glass surface was perfect, but the back cover could be relatively easy to be scratched.
Excellent
Great little phone!! I'm so happy with it
it's a machine.. recomended..
all excellent recommended 100%
I purchased this phone for my mother who is abroad, and for the price the phone is good. It takes great pictures and the screen images are extremely crisp and clear.
It met all of my expectations... I am very satisfied.
Very good
excelent
Great phone, i received exactly what was described. After i changed it from Romanian to US language and slapped my t mobile sim card in it i was making calls. Just a lil on the small side as far as phones go, but i do have big hands so i still give it 5 star rating.
just an FYI!! Your phone doesn't come with English instructions! When my phone arrived, the little box it came in is supposed to be sealed with a sticker from Samsung, my seal was broken! I opened it to see if it was brand new it was. The language that mine was set with was Romanian, good thing its easy to switch! It did arrive on time, like they guarantee! It also comes with 2 chargers, even tho 1 is international, it has the American converter, the other is a USB charger. Also u can not register it here in America, because its an international phone, Samsung will not register it here! Since I had an existing Samsung Galaxy I figured I could just switch the Sim card n call Straight Talk to transfer my service to the new phone, lmao, they said they couldn't because my new phone isn't compatable, so I have to go get a conversion kit! So I just purchased a new phone and an activation card and I can't even use my new phone! I need a new prepaid phone co!
very good
excellent
thanks you
I really like this phone is small and easy to use thank you
amazing for the price my daughter loves it
good
Love my beautiful phone. Thanks.
works good.
Recomendado
Excelente
I bought it a year ago and it looks almos the same as the first day!
Great little first smartphone for my 18 year old wife. It heats up on hardware intensive games and has a relatively weak wi-fi chip. But if you're buying this for someone to get them into smartphones, or people who just want a cute little phone and don't do much but facebook, text, call, etc, it's got you covered.
Excellent deal!!!
Brought it as a gift. Really nice phone
Fast, smart, portable and does all it said it would do and more. Would recommend it to a friend
Perfect size phone for me,it has everything i need and more
This phone appears to be brand new! The AT&T guy who set it up for me stated this was in very good shape compared to many he has seen.
Great
#1 phone cant beat its performance
EXCELLENT, just wish it will be placed TRACKING NUMBER FOR PRODUCTS thus able RECEIVE NO PROBLEMS
good
We're so excited to see that Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini, because first time I ordered that kind for my 2nd.granddaugther, well its pretty cute as easy to carry on.I bought it coz the price is a little bit cheaper compared to other.....
Amazing phone
Excelente
excellent product,excellent funtions.puntually
We are using these phones for research in areas of Africa. So far, they have exceeded out expectations with the information provided.
Excelent
the S4 is really crap compared to this older model. think the S5 and S6 are based on this great smart phone
This was perfect. My wife's first smart phone and she loves it.
Excellent
Happy customer here!!!!
I really liked the phone and was easy to set up. I had to return it because it kept dropping calls.My carrier, consumer cellular tried 3 times to get it to not drop the calls, no luck.
excelente
Great
The phone arrived with instructions only in POLISH and a European-style charger; luckily I had several other charging cords on hand suitable for North American sockets (could also have charged it slowly from the USB ports on my computer). Fortunately, the phone lets you set the system language upon initial startup (again Polish, promptly changed to US English). It readily accepted a SIM card from a Canadian provider (Rogers Wireless), setup went smoothly, and got local reception with no trouble. Battery life seems like it might be an issue; keep the screen brightness down, disable bloatware apps, and turn on power saving to prolong it.It should be just fine as a backup phone for talk & text while traveling (my intended purpose for it).
Excellent product and excellent seller
Wish it was a bit larger. Still trying to figure out all the features since this is the first smart phone I have ever owned. I do like it a lot though and it works much better than my older cellphone.
everything works fine except key board is too small recommend larger screen.
Bought it for my son, and so far it's well worth the price. The only thing is the keypad is a bit small.
best cell phone cosnidering price
This phone is great
Muy Bueno
OK
Had it for a month now and no problems so far!
Quality product. Shipped on time. No complaints!
Excellent smartphone for my son.
phone is good. does what i need it to do. didnt know it was a 3G phone and not a 4G. there are 4G ones but those were a few that were released later on. it works on my network. its a little slow some times. when i got the phone it was in a different language but it wasnt hard to change it. better than the phone i had before though.
So far so good, my teenager haven't been able to break yet, guess that a plus !!!
order met my expectation
Very nice phone.
Decent little phone, emphasis on little. I was tired of carrying around my giant smart phone which I would often break. I do miss having a large screen but I love that I can carry this in any pocket and it works as well as my old much larger much more expensive phone.
works excellent in ecuador
Overall a good phone for the money. The only flip side is the ringer is not very loud. If you are around any moderately noisy place, you wont hear it ring
Excelente!!
Excellent,affordable purchase. Came in a timely fashion. My 1st smart phone. Set up was easy. Had to change to US English.
excelenteee!!!!
Excellent phone, very pleased with performance and battery life.
got it for my coworker when he goes overseas. he liked it so much he kept it. normally he gives them to a relative upon leaving.
It's good for priceBut small letters for text
excellent
ok
love the size of this phone, and loved that it came with an international plug
excellent
I love my new Samsung Galaxy S3. It works beautifully. Just had it turned on with T-Mobile using their service. My phone works great with all the bells and whistles without the steep price. Great buy!
A good phone, as an Android-based smartphone, even though an early version of the Samsung models. Good value for money.
exelente
works perfectly. got it connected through metropcs. no issues at all!!
VeryGood
excelente
Item was delivered on time and brand new. No problems so far. Great buy!
Very good
Came fast they were correct on what it was and how nice it is
EXCELLENT
100% conforme
These phone are great, I love it.
Very good Excellent
LOVE MY SAMSUNG MINI! IT IS SO PERFECT FOR ME! It is my first smart phone and I am not very tech savvy so hav eit set on easy mode which is very user friendly for me. It is a good size, takes good photos and is reliable and easy to use! JUST LOVE IT!!!
As expected
Great!
Very good! the amazon too.
Thumbs up!
love the phone. it does every thing i want to do
4 phone from the company
Very good cell
Nice cellphone great seller.
Excelente
excellent choice
ecxcelente
I got my phone and I love it! It's awesome!
Brings everything what I need..happy with my cellular phone!
Ease and convenience. pleasure doing business with
Love this phone, great deal
Great phone so far, just started using it a couple hours ago. Had no issues with it getting set up on our network. Phone was in perfect condition when arrived.
My wife loves this phone
Item received as described. Received it will all of its accessories. Immediately put in my straight talk sim, manually inputted my new APN settings and the phone works great! Purchased it as a gift for my stepmom and she loves it!I purchased a second one for my Godson which was almost perfect. The phone was perfect but it came with an international charging plug which is no use for us here in the US so lucky he had his old charger for a Samsung phone which fits perfectly with no problem.
excelente
Good phone, ok for he price
excelent
- Item arrived on time- Package seal intact/unbroken- Phone was undamaged...works well- 4 stars because: part of charger (piece to plug into wall outlet) was missing.- Did not contact seller...no time to return/exchange...needed for trip to Jamaica, W.I. 
Good conditions
I receive this phone brand new n on time.however,it is working well in Guyana with a sim
Great
I found my galaxy to be in top form thank u much.
excelente producto
Excellent product!
That's a wonderful items
Excellent
It is works wonderfully.
Excelente
Excellent
This phone is pretty slick, and really small, which I like. unfortunately it was incapable with my service provider so I never really used it. but I liked it.
Excelente
that was good and nwe the only proble i had that the sim card slot was for full size sim card my sim card is micro sim card
Aceptable
Well worth it
I do love this phone!!!! I read the reviews after buying this one and someone said it did not come with a charger, but mine did. A funny looking one, but it works. Apparently its for overseas and has a connector for the US. I've only had it for 2 days so I am just getting into it. But so far, so good.
bien
I was looking for a smart phone to upgrade to with out having to spend big bucks for the newest unlocked phones. Un talking like$ 500-$800. This is great for the price no problems hooking it up to my att prepaid service. Also I live in the US and worked fine. Very fast shipping and I cannot express how happy I am with this phone.
Great
Fast shipping awesome product
its a good,
Goodyear
I bought it as a gift, she loves it!
Great value. This is now my redundant brain.
Samsung Galaxy S3 is wonderful. My daughter loves it
good service and good phone, thanks
Like the phone,but uses battery very fast!!
No problem at all
So far I like it. Not bulky easy to setup and transfer data, pics and app from other phone. Note that scandisk sd card is not recommended for this phone. Replaced with micro disk sd card and working fine.Also great charger both US and European adaptable.
This phone by far passed my expectations! I went from the bulky Samsung Galaxy 4 to this and it is perfect. it fits in my pocket! YES! ... finally I don't have to hold a giant tablet phone in my hand! The phone is bright, brilliant and the camera takes such clear detail quality it is indescribable!
love it
Great phone! Thank you so much!
Very satisfied
Mu daughter is totally satisfied with her phone and so far she has no complaints. The features meet all her expectations.
Perfect cellphone, I found everything on it
I love this phone!! It is easily the best phone I have ever owned. I came from the LG Optimus One (p500) and I love the candy bar style, but more I love having a dual processor, tons of storage, two cameras, LED flash, super AMOLED screen for reduced energy use and glare reduction, and the overall design of the electronics and user interface is great :) and so reasonably priced! I highly recommend this phone!! Plus it works very well with my existing T-mobile account so I was able to use my existing SIM and keep my number.
Haven't connected the phone with a SIM card yet. But, it arrived and easily booted up and charged. It came with instructions in Romanian (rats, I could've handled German!) but with no problems at all to switch to English. Everything seems to be working fast and properly. Will try to post more feedback after using it as a phone -- works fine on wi=fi etc. I was worried about not being able to work with it in English and was very glad to see that was not a problem for this one. Diva-Tek was the seller and delivered in 2 days for a mere $4 extra.
Nice, small cute phone for my mom... can't go wrong with this.
Good item
Everything very good
Exceeded all expectations. Bought for my wife, I go into the system to tweak this and that. As a computer, it is efficient. As a phone, it's adequate. Perhaps one can find some faults over time, but if the size suits, it's a winner for the price point.
It's a great phone. I really like it.
Excelent
Samsung really nails it whit this phone. Best of both world and at great price.
excelente!!!!!!
very good
I purchased this phone for a friend who was looking for something good but at the same time no very expensive and with almost all the features as the recents samsung's galaxy models. So far it's working fine. One thing i have to emphasize is that this phone doesn't display the menu the same way as the others SG models. Only a few icons are placed or fit on the main menu which you can customize according to your needs, the rest are placed on alphabetical order on the right side of the screen.
Great phone but it didn't work for Straight Talk in my rural area. Prompt refund after I sent them back!
The product is excellent. The service very good. Thanks
Excellent Product!! All what I expected.
gracias
order met my expectation
Very nice phone.
Decent little phone, emphasis on little. I was tired of carrying around my giant smart phone which I would often break. I do miss having a large screen but I love that I can carry this in any pocket and it works as well as my old much larger much more expensive phone.
Overall a good phone for the money. The only flip side is the ringer is not very loud. If you are around any moderately noisy place, you wont hear it ring
Excelente!!
Excellent,affordable purchase. Came in a timely fashion. My 1st smart phone. Set up was easy. Had to change to US English.
excelenteee!!!!
Excellent phone, very pleased with performance and battery life.
Thanks a lot.
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
excellent product,excellent funtions.puntually
We are using these phones for research in areas of Africa. So far, they have exceeded out expectations with the information provided.
Excelent
the S4 is really crap compared to this older model. think the S5 and S6 are based on this great smart phone
This was perfect. My wife's first smart phone and she loves it.
Excellent
Happy customer here!!!!
I really liked the phone and was easy to set up. I had to return it because it kept dropping calls.My carrier, consumer cellular tried 3 times to get it to not drop the calls, no luck.
excelente
got it for my coworker when he goes overseas. he liked it so much he kept it. normally he gives them to a relative upon leaving.
It's good for priceBut small letters for text
excellent
ok
love the size of this phone, and loved that it came with an international plug
excellent
thanks you
I really like this phone is small and easy to use thank you
amazing for the price my daughter loves it
good
Love my beautiful phone. Thanks.
works good.
Recomendado
Excelente
I bought it a year ago and it looks almos the same as the first day!
Great little first smartphone for my 18 year old wife. It heats up on hardware intensive games and has a relatively weak wi-fi chip. But if you're buying this for someone to get them into smartphones, or people who just want a cute little phone and don't do much but facebook, text, call, etc, it's got you covered.
Excellent deal!!!
Brought it as a gift. Really nice phone
Fast, smart, portable and does all it said it would do and more. Would recommend it to a friend
Perfect size phone for me,it has everything i need and more
This phone appears to be brand new! The AT&T guy who set it up for me stated this was in very good shape compared to many he has seen.
best cell phone cosnidering price
This phone is great
Muy Bueno
OK
Had it for a month now and no problems so far!
Quality product. Shipped on time. No complaints!
Excellent smartphone for my son.
phone is good. does what i need it to do. didnt know it was a 3G phone and not a 4G. there are 4G ones but those were a few that were released later on. it works on my network. its a little slow some times. when i got the phone it was in a different language but it wasnt hard to change it. better than the phone i had before though.
So far so good, my teenager haven't been able to break yet, guess that a plus !!!
I purchased this phone for my mother who is abroad, and for the price the phone is good. It takes great pictures and the screen images are extremely crisp and clear.
It met all of my expectations... I am very satisfied.
Very good
excelent
Great phone, i received exactly what was described. After i changed it from Romanian to US language and slapped my t mobile sim card in it i was making calls. Just a lil on the small side as far as phones go, but i do have big hands so i still give it 5 star rating.
very good
excellent
excellent
I liked the phone but had to return it because it only uses at&t towers and there wasn't one near where I live. But I know I would have loved it if it had service. It had really good service in town
Exactly as described
PERFECT
Best phone I've ever had. So that's not saying much because I'm not much of a techie I just want a phone that works. It doesn't have as many glitches as previous phones I've had. Only two things bother me about it is that it's very slick and kind of easy to drop. The other is that you can't voice text.
Great phone and arrived early!!!
Love great phone
If you're looking for a phone to text or call, maybe do a little facebook scrolling this is fine, but if you are a person who is always on your phone doing everything, don't get this. It's pretty slow and somewhat laggy, sometimes even unresponsive right away. I mean it works, it's just not the best. I gave it four stars because it is cheap, and for what you get its a pretty god price.
Husband was pleasantly surprised to receive this as a Christmas gift. It's a little bigger than his previous (non-Smart phone) which he is perfectly fine with! He didn't want anything too big to have to carry around!
Excellent
A cute phone, with the simplicity of an average one, but the performance of a high-end cellphone, thanks
Great phone! Didn't break the bank and does everything I need it to! Noticed a review once that said the gps never worked for them, but I've used this on a trip out of state and it seems to get me where I need to go pretty efficiently...
I purchased this unlocked phone for the purposes of using it in Venezuela. While the phone is not yet physically there, I have checked out its basic features and everything appears to be working fine. I have purchased a similar unit in the past and am very satisfied with its performance.
Love this product,best gift.
Ok
I think this one superior to I phones 3 & 4 and possible 5. very nice phone with perfect size and good battery life. The screen is very responsive and smooth. That is the best I owned thus far. Well worth the money. I use it in the state with T-mobile and overseas.
Excelente producto
the best
Arrived on time and ready for use. Is working great. Was a gift so cannot write more about the continued use, but last I spoke with the recipient, he said that it worked well! For the price it is a great purchase.
Excelente
Great
Its a great phone but it must be cheaper
I love samsung. Better than i expect. It came at time. Thanks!!Sorry for this late review. I'm from Venezuela.
Good Phone
good phone
Excellent product, very complete and color gives it a special and different design complement. Highly recommended . Samsung always complying with all its products.
Good deal
This is a great smartphone. Any issues with this phone were the result of me not doing my homework before ordering it. We provisioned it on AT&T and it has worked very satisfactorily. If you experience hand tremors or have large hands. a larger phone might be a better choice.
Best
Excelent
Excellent!!!!
excelente
Excellent cellphone no problem with it
First, excuse my English. Excellent team so far has been successfully connected to the network available for my carrier inetrnet
excellent product they recommend any mishap
excelente
nice phone, shipped to calgary, canada, small as i needed,
Great phone! I brought this phone back to Venezuela and have had no problem with it. I just inserted the sim card and started using it...
Great phone for a great price! Does everything I need it to and easy to use. Works well with Straight Talk Wireless service.A couple of things that weren't clear to me from reading the product description: The phone requires a STANDARD SIM card and the charger cord is not compatible with U.S. outlets.
It's great it came on time, everything's good. The only thing is the charger that is european type, but it works great either way
excellet phone
My son's phone was so old his work apps wouldn't work on it any longer so he asked for a new phone for Christmas. When I ordered this phone I expected it to take a week or more. But I think it showed up in 4 days. Much faster than I expected. The phone was loaded and up and running in less than an hour. My son never wanted to get rid of his old phone - he was happy with it. But since he got this one he's realized that he loves this one even more. Newer and more features. I was just what we wanted. Great shipping and a really good deal. I'd buy from them again.
Work fine. It's unlock and it work in South America Ecuador. No problem excellent
Very good
Excellent! No complains
Good phone for the money. Doesn't seem to have as good reception as my old Rugby and harder to navigate.
Excellent. Small and nice weight. Works well with Claro in Santo Domingo.
My family are using it (other country) them love the phone
My father likes it, so I like it. Good job Samsung make us Koreans proud
i bought this phone to bring to the netherlands with me , am confidant it works there since it is GSM quad band
This phone is a great smart phone for the money. It has sufficient internal memory and I was able to download my apps without running out of memory and I still have room for more apps. The seller delivered the phone way a head of schedule which was nice and it was well packaged. The phone works well. Initially I had problems sending and receiving picture messages but that was a carrier issue which I resolved by calling my carrier and having them give me instructions on how to correctly configure the device. It has a good back camera and the front facing one for selfies is just ok. The battery life is able to last through the day but for a heavy user they might have to recharge. It has a good feel and I like the small size because it is not bulky, I have a laptop for portability, all I need is a phone with the ability to surf the web when I can't be on my laptop. I would have given this phone a five but the location of sim card is under the battery and each time I need to remove the sim card I have to press and pull several times which can eventually damage the sim contacts. Over all I am very happy with my purchase and I would recommend both the seller and the product.
very good
Excellent!
Good
Excellent
excelente
excellent product, thank you very much ...
very good product in perfect condition, all in accordance with article offered.
Ok
Excelente producto
the best
Arrived on time and ready for use. Is working great. Was a gift so cannot write more about the continued use, but last I spoke with the recipient, he said that it worked well! For the price it is a great purchase.
Excelente
Great
Its a great phone but it must be cheaper
I love samsung. Better than i expect. It came at time. Thanks!!Sorry for this late review. I'm from Venezuela.
I bought this for Philippines, however I haven't gone there yet. I tried it and and it seems to be working and quality of voice received is crisp and clear. The photo is really good but compare to my iPhone it is really loud when you click to shot.
Works exactly as I was expecting it to work. perfect for my needs
Worked perfectly, until it got wet.It's a pity they dont teach them to swim.
BIEN EXCELENTE
I am always playing with my new phone. I love it so far. My only complaint is that the battery does not last very long.
Awesome
Excellent. Very good
Excellent cell phone, work perfectly in venezuela with any operator
Very nice!!! I just needed something bigger as I have big hands.
excellent
good enough
Great phone
Excelente telefono
ok
I bought this for my special needs son and he just loves it! He said it had better features than my IPhone and bigger than the one he previously had. I'm not sure what that means since I'm not not very phone smart. But overall he is super happy with it!!!
Value for money!
Excellent, thanks!
I love it! It's lighter, slimmer, and with a more beautiful, vivid display than my iPhone 5c (although a tad bit bigger). It feels like a super upgrade from the iPhone!
This is an excellent unlocked phone!
excelente producto.
Love it...
Look great. Thanks
Good condition
Excellent phone
good
The phone arrived when it was suppose to and is exactly as it was described in the factory box. I am satisfied with it and would recommend it, and it is a really good price,
I bought this for a friend overseas, I love it in appearance, however, the true love it will have to come from my friend when they start use it. I will keep you posted on the outcome of that. Thank you very much.
Everything Perfect
For a "three-generations-behind" smartphone, it's a beautiful, functional, and very fast device. The screen is big, sharp and with a great view-angle margin... I prefer it even over newer models.
very good
EXCELENTE
Excelent
Best ever.
GOOD
PERFECT! LOVE IT!
excelent
I have had the phone for about 1 month. So far, like the phone. I wanted a phone that would be comparable with an international sim card in addition to my US sim card. I read the various reviews on amazon before purchasing the phone. Therefore, I was not surprised when the start-up language on the phone I purchased was in Russian. (The instruction books came in two languages. I do not know what the second language was.) The language issue was easily resolved by an internet search on steps to set up the phone. The language is changed before the set-up process starts. I was able to return to the first screen in the set-up process in order to change the language setting. Once the language was changed set-up was easy without any additional help. The programming on this version of the phone seems to be slightly than that of the on-line demonstration phone, at least as to the set-up. Compared to the previous phone I had this phone is much better. I have had the Samsung Note 8 for about 1 year, and like the tablet. The phone did not disappoint me.
Telefono original
Happy with the product.
The seller is serious, I give very fast, the item as described and very very good. Excellent price and excellent seller
An excellent version of S3
excelente
I'm really happy with the phone so far, I'm using it for 6 months and everything is working properly.
excellent product
Excelent...
Excelentt
Well the product arrived as the date promises me, my only concern was i ordered a new of this phone and then when it came the first thing i saw was the box of the S3 was a dirty and as soon as i opened and boot the device i noticed the power and volume button is a bit loosen. so its not as new as it should be. But overall the phone works great and im having fun using it now. Thanks for the amazing product
met my expectations, I liked it and I recommend it.
It's what I expected. However most recently I notice that when I use Sim 1 the calls are not connecting from my end. I will check my service provider to see if they had a fault over the weekend.
Not bad, but the volume should be better for the price.
The phone was received programmed in Russian and the instruction manual was also in Russian. It took a little while to figure out how to change the language on the phone and had to download a manual over the internet.
All right. The product is original. Thank You.
all good
I like but I haven't use yet.
GOOD
Have been using for more than a month. Everything is good so far. The battery can last for one day and a half. I'm satisfied with this product.
Good for the money.yes I am very happy with this new phone Galaxy is a galaxy you can't ask for more
I like this phone works perfect
For the price you get a great deal on a really nice phone. Paid 240, which was the cheapest available price.Pros:Original S3 accessories fit even with dual simNewer version Android availableComes with pre installed screen protectorCons:Pakistan model(which means I had to download Trinidad kit Kat 4.4.4 manually from sammobile and flash via Odin. Otherwise stuck on 4.3 jelly bean.Hoping the glass is not weaker than the original S3 cause some are saying it is.Will update after more testing.
Excellent phone, very good price/perfomance relation.
Excelent
Very good buy, I am satisfied.
good phone , good deal
I like this product so much
Good
Bought this as a gift to be given in December. My whole family have Samsung phone including my mother lolol.
Excelent.
Love my s3! I had no problem setting it up!
to whom it was addressed did not want the phone to receive and returned
Its ok
very well
Nothing wrong with the device, as described.
Beautiful just love it works great and easy to use.
Excelent
I'm in love with my phone, very fast (as long as I have high speed data), easy to use, many features.
Ok prefect
After using long time it started to stak.
I like this cell phone. However, this product does not support some features of the keyboard. For example the number does not show up in bigger and lighten bubble. Also, this cell phone does not support some video link in WhatsApp (http://nabdapp.com/t/17787635).
is good
Excellent phone and it works great with 3G Movistar in Venezuela, initially thought that the phone came locked for use only in Europe but putting on my sim card worked perfectly Movistar
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Great phone.
Excellent ! All went good and as expected ! Thanks ! Very recommendable seller !
very nice, just what I expcted
tlf excellent works perfectly in Venezuela Love you
as expected, arrived in good condition. excellent
Thanks it's cool,everything is working well
excellent
Excelente
excellent buy
It's a real international smart phone, until now it's still working
Its a great phone i bought it for my wife because she had the Samsung Galaxy Young an it wasn't a any good. But she loves the Galaxy S3.Everyone has there own opinion about things but i will give it a thumps up meaning a great phone it is.
Excelent Phone!! im happy whit it, the only cons that i found is the no Lollipop and no LTE support.
It works great. It's an original Samsung product and works perfectly in Venezuela
Excelente
I was hesitant to buy a used cell phone, but this phone works great. I love the options. And even the battery appears to be new. It really holds a charge. I'm hoping to keep this phone for years and only replace the battery as needed.
Purchased for my daughter. She loves it.
I bought it for my Daughter and she is very happy with it. Thanks.
Great buy price was just right
it met all my expectations.Delivery was quick.Exceeded my expectations. would like the seller to contact would like to purchase travel wall charger
Thank you
Excellent phone as nd good service from Amazon.
Everyhing was what i expected, no problems.
I swindled the seller is not a serious person SHOPEBEST. in the publication was saying released from manufactures and international version but it was a lie I buy and when I get to Venezuela was blocked and says that I have to use sim Europe to use the tlf now I can not release the seller is a son of a bitch and whore mother. scammer thief thug ..
The seller TechnoMaster contacted me and told me that the telephone is really unlocked worldwide, they had their provider and Samsung unlock the phones before importing them to the US. So only the sticker in Italian is wrong, it should have been removed. I am changing from 3 to 5 stars my rating of TechnoMaster.This is the original review I wrote, before being contacted by TechnoMaster:The phone was bought in the US, but I received a model for Europe, with instructions in Italian(!) saying that the phone is for Europe and in order to avoid region locking, the phone has to be activated in Europe with an European SIM card m(and make a 5 minute call with the European SIM card. If you don't read Italian and activate the phone in the Americas, the phone will be locked (while you bought an unlocked phone!).Even if the phone says "International version", that doesn't mean that a customer has to know about the unfortunate region locking "feature" by Samsung and that the phone bought in the US has to be activated in Europe. It is not honest from Samsung (and the vendor in the US) to not specify exactly these restrictions in the specs of the phone, and not tell you when buying that the phone has to be used first in Europe.
Happy with my new phone, it is very nice and fast. I recommend it 100%
great phone, great attention.
I love the phone. Works good out of USA. Has a dual Sim card. Charges very fast. Good pictures. All in all great phone.
I received what I asked, no gimmicks, no tricks. The cell came just in time, just as promised.
great
Excelente, 100% Recomendado!
Excelent
Fast and optimized TouchWiz, great battery life. it exceeds all of my expectations. Mine is still on Android 4.3.You are able to choose the 2G/3G data on any of the 2 Sims, without swapping it.
excellent!
excelente equipo satisfecho con la compra, producto original
Excellente phone... New amazing features
Excelent
Arrived on time, excellent smartphone as described in the specs, great service from BuySPRY.
It already comes with a screen protector installed.
Its from the other side of the world but, I recommend this if you want it. 100% and know upgrading
super
Excelente
love my phone.
Came exactly as said it would. Had a case included and everything. My last galaxy 3 died about a month ago and this one is actually a little better than that one was. I am very satisfied. As a bonus, it arrived 2 days before its earliest estimated arrival.
good
The Cell phone works well with my computer it has help me to connect with my family, I am unable to use my hand but with the new computer system that I have now enable me use my eyes to perform the tasks my hands use to do. Thank you for carry the phone that is compatible with mycomputer system.
Great buy. No problems works very well
It is A good cellpone !
Excelent quality/price ratio
Great phone. So fast compared to my old Galaxy Express. Very happy with this purchase. Using Airvoice wireless with this.
this phone meet my expectations. . Specially, I use it not much for internet, reader news even watch movie....so all the apps are enough for me but for someone else maybe it is not enough like they expect. Anyway, this phone is great and nice
so far has been quite well received by the person for whom it was a birthday present
Yes, I like it very much. It is just fine for me and it works for what I got ir for.
Excelente
It is a good product, totally I recommendSamsung Galaxy S3 Neo I9300i Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, White
good
When I first received this phone I was under the impression that it was an international model and couldn't be used in the USA. While starting to write a negative review a screen showed up saying "contact Amazon first," which I did and was led to believe that the only option I had was to return it for a refund and was totally disappointed. After I posted the negative review we were contacted by the Mercate group who assured us it was usable in the USA. The next day I was able to get it up and going easier than I expected and love the phone. I apologize for my initial negative impression and glad the company contacted me, thank you.
Fast shipping. Nice looking phone
Excellent
great cell phone!
Great unlocked phone. I use it with Straight Talk and get great service including hotspot at no additional charge.
excelente
An excellent version of S3
excelente
I'm really happy with the phone so far, I'm using it for 6 months and everything is working properly.
excellent product
Excelent...
Excelentt
Well the product arrived as the date promises me, my only concern was i ordered a new of this phone and then when it came the first thing i saw was the box of the S3 was a dirty and as soon as i opened and boot the device i noticed the power and volume button is a bit loosen. so its not as new as it should be. But overall the phone works great and im having fun using it now. Thanks for the amazing product
Value for money!
Excellent, thanks!
I love it! It's lighter, slimmer, and with a more beautiful, vivid display than my iPhone 5c (although a tad bit bigger). It feels like a super upgrade from the iPhone!
This is an excellent unlocked phone!
excelente producto.
Love it...
Look great. Thanks
I love this phone, works great! Had a little difficulty getting it activated but now it's working.
it arrived just as it was described in the posting in a timely manner excellent condition I am very satisfied with my purchase
Love it
I'm in love with cell! I didn't give 5 stars because when I first received my cell, I had battery trouble. It was vibrating every second and was not charging properly. I contacted the seller and they immediately sent me a new battery. After I received the new battery, my cell was now perfect. I'll be sure to come back to this retailer when I plan on getting a new phone. Thanks again!
S*** works
Delivered as promised.
Excellent refurbished phone no complaints would recommend to anyone wanting a good phone
Just as expected and described. Would buy again.
I purchased this item when my former SIII started having problems just days before I was to leave on vacation. My priority was to have a working phone on vacation, so I ordered this and planned for it to be delivered three days before I was to leave. The phone was in perfect condition; I popped in my sim card from my former SIII, reloaded my apps and app data, and presto! Perfectly functioning phone. It's now been 3+ weeks with the new phone, and I've had no problems with it.
good
Great phone, speedy and works amazingly!
Awesome phone!
Fast shipper phone as described other than a few minor scratches ok n the screen I'd order again
want to this phone again
Excelente telefono
Very good
Love my phone.
Exactly what they offered in the website and was deliver on time. Good quality and excellent price.
Good cooperation from the vendor on learning the changes from from flip phone
It works, it's sturdy and it hasn't failed me yet.
Great buy
Perfect phone just as described. It arrived on time! Would buy from them again!
good phone -! Thanks
You'll need to buy a SIM card if you use Verizon. Sometimes it's better to buy this phone and just go to a corporate Verizon store and have them put the SIM card in when you get it activated. Chances are you'll have to go to that store to get the phone activated anyway.The phone I bought here on AMAZON didn't have the SIM card, just an empty slot.You'll want to buy a SD micro memory card if you don't have one already. I recommend at least 16 GB if not 32 GB. The phone I bought here on AMAZON didn't have the SD micro memory card, just an empty slot.This is a fairly bare bones purchase option. You're still going to want to buy an Otter Box Defender series (or equivalent) type case. You'll want either that or a silicone slip cover for it, and screen protector sheets. The phone is seriously thin, and tough for big guy hands to hang onto. You might want a stylus if you text a lot.You get the phone, a battery, a charger, a USB data cable, and that's about it. If you want the manual, go online to Verizon or to Samsung websites.I had the Samsung Galaxy S4 (next size up) and didn't like it because it is so big; I may as well carry a tablet or laptop. I have also had the Samsung Continuum (which is the very first Galaxy class). The Continuum is reminiscent of the banana phone early cell phones, and has an inadequate camera, plus a very small screen. The Samsung Galaxy S III is a great bridge between, the 8 megapixel main camera is far superior to the Continuum (5 megapixel), but not quite as benchmark as the Galaxy S4 which has a 13 megapixel main camera. The S III and S4 have front cameras for webcam style video communication (not much difference between the S III and S4 front cameras - 2 megapixel or less).I like the Samsung Galaxy S III and consider it to be easier to use than the Samsung Continuum, however, this AMAZON listing would have had happier customers who bought here, if AMAZON mentioned that purchasers still need to buy the SD micro memory chip and be prepared to get their own SIM chip for this phone.
I was scared to make this large price purchase but I should not have been! This is the best phone I have ever had!! And Verizon recognizes it as a brand new phone and covered it immediately on my insurance! Great experience!
I received the phone faster than they said and it was in near perfect condition. It is working GREAT! VERY HAPPY!!
My phone was recently stolen so I decided to purchase a new one. MobileKarma not only had the best price on the S3, they shipped it very quickly. When it arrived, I noticed the back was a little bent and the charger didn't work. I emailed them and the following day they emailed me back to inform me that they would bs shipping me replacements. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking to buy a refurbished phone.
The Phone came right before my birthday, which i desperately needed it to. I was worried because I never ordered something so important, like my phone, used or over the internet, but i was so very happy. It said it was slightly scratched but it looked pretty much brand new. The charger had a short in it but who cares because those things arent very hard to come by anymore so i really didnt care.
I particularly like the feature that silences notification and calls during certain hours unless from specified people. Since my phone used to bing all night from random emails or being tagged or someone responding to a thread, I particularly love this feature!
Delivered as promised.
Just as expected and described. Would buy again.
Arrived quickly and was exactly as described.
Daughter loves the phone!
Works great! I love it!!
excellent phone i like it ..
All good
Good product delivered on time.
i love it and works like it is new
It was everything I was hoping it be. The quality is perfect.
EXCELENT
Very happy with this phone. It's a huge upgrade from my old I-phone. Love having expandable memory and being free from Apples control over everything.
I loved this phone. Unfortunetly I fell and broke my phone about a week ago. I was so upset I cried my eyes out. I only had it for about 2 or 3 months but I really liked it. I used it with straight talk service. My only complaint was that I had a lot of people tell me that they had called me and my phone would never ring.
I bought this phone to replace my Galaxy III that I already owned my battery was not keeping a charge and the screen was shattered. This phone was better than expected. Great purchase, I would recommend it to anybody.
Love my new phone. Great product. This way I keep my unlimited data plan. Thank you so much!!
Came fast and it like new condition. Am very happy with it would order again.
I got a great one ! Works like new... Looks great ...Thanks !
Except for the power button on the side directly across from volume and a horrible recording microphone it's good
Excellent phone! I wanted to get a new 5S but didn't want to drop that much cash without trying out the Galaxy series. I changed from a Windows phone that I loved and I'm happy to say that I don't miss it much with all of the nice features and greater app availability of the Galaxy. When it's time for an upgrade on my plan I think I'll get the newer version instead of another Windows phone.
So far so good. My old Motorla Droid Razr (model XT912) bricked itself without warning after about a year of use. Try as I might to re-flash the factory OS, it refused to come back to life. So I browsed around and found that the S3 had the best features for the price. I order this one with 1-day shipping and had it the next morning. Appeared to be in factory packaging, came with charger, USB cable, and Samsung headphone with in-line volume control and mic. Pulled my SIM card out of the Razr, threw it into the S3, and bam! New working phone, no muss, no fuss. Nice thing about the S3 is that it supports 64GB micro SDXC cards right out the door, so I was able to just slap the SD from the Razr right into the S3 with no problems.
After making the mistake of trying to have a Windows for a two year contract with Verizon, I finally found a phone worth keeping. The phone came on time && was brand new. Immediately started to update itself && hasn't given me a problem.
Great Cell Phone
I love the phone! Great condition and works great! It I ssid just what I was looking for in a phone!
The only problem I had was it is always on roam. But since Verizon never charges for that feature, it doesn't matter to me I kept it anyway.
I purchased phone used. It arrived fast & in great condition. 100% functional.Have been using for over two months. Its the best phone I have owned yet. Hardly ever crashes or freezes and throughput speed is excellent. Works & connects even when signal is weak.
Awesome product. AAA+++Awesome product. AAA+++This phone is everything everyone gas said, every day you learn something new.You are gonna love this phoneAwesome
This was a refurbished phone, but it seems brand new to me (and to my daughter who received it as a gift)! Top notch everything-from ease of ordering, shipping, price, to quality of product!
I love this phone. It works well. It is very fast and so far I have no problems at all. It is a delight compared to my razor m I purchased one year ago. Night and day difference.
I got this phone from BB-123, and it is fantastic. Customer Service was awesome, shipping was quick and fantastic and the phone itsself is flawless.... I have been a strong "Apple" supporter, but I love this Samsung phone...I would strongly recommend this seller to anyone, they were so great and easy to deal with...I love it!
After a lot of research I knew I wanted a Galaxy S3. The only problem was I have an unlimited data plan and so I needed to buy the phone. The phone was advertised in very good condition and it sure was! I am very, very happy!
Works great. No lag. Build quality is better than expect. When it comes time to get a different phone this phone has made me a believer in samsung phone quality.
Phone was as in better condition than described. 100% happy with this purchase and I would buy from this seller again.
Love it and arrived in perfect condition. Will buy another soon to get rid of husband's iphone.
Just as described
This item arrived new in the box, with everything encluded.
I was under the impression that this phone was new. It arrived in packaging suggesting it was new. It was blemish free and looked new. Once I charged it and turned it on everything was in Chinese. I figured out how to change it to English and it worked well after that. A few days later I was going through my gallery of pictures and noticed pictures of people in a store perhaps and I had not taken them. Also I had to go to Verizon store and get a SIM card that fit it but they did not charge me for that so no big deal. I'm pretty sure this phone is used, but that's ok because I desperately needed a new phone. A few weeks into having the phone it would die unexpectedly and wouldn't stay charged for but a few hours. I was advised by a friend to try buying a new battery which I did and it solved that problem. Overall this phone works with my Verizon contract and it gets the job done but it is not new by any means.
I love this phone. Pros; I can get the price of my stocks on myyahoo; check my email. go to my bank, etc.cons; it is so difficult to figure out so many items. a good instruction manual would be great but that seems to have gone away with all items; the manual on the internet is OK but leaves out so many directions and many times the directions don't work at all; if you know someone that knows how to use the phone they can be of big help; LOL trying to figure it out on your own.I am hard of hearing and I cannot hear this phone ring, but if I put it in my chest pocket I can feel it vibrate and thus can answer. The in car blue tooth's are great and I can always hear that.I would buy this phone again, now that I have figured out about 50% of it and would recommend it to another (still haven't figured out S voice). The price was good, free shipping (took too long, but free)!
My experience with this purchase was wonderful the phone was everything it was advertised to be and it came early
Received it on Saturday afternoon. Took it straight up to a local Verizon indirect sales store. In less than an hour I was up and running with a new (for me and, yes I know the S6 is now out) phone without changing my unlimited data contract. SWEET!! A used phone would have cost almost as much. This was new and in box.
Bought only use use with cheap borescope. Works fine.
works great, thanks
My husband really likes everything about this phone! Takes great pics too! Very quick delivery!
Replacement for my stolen Verizon Galaxy S3. Price was great and phone has been working flawlessly for nearly two years! It came with no warranty and I'm surprised that I bought it; however, the phone is still working great.
I bought the lowest price one. I registered it with Verizon and it worked the way you'd expect. They have android 4.4 and 2gb ram. As of may 2016 these can be used for amazon flex, which you should google search.
Got exactly and I expected and paid for. Good purchase. Would by again if needed.
Got it on time and as shown on pics
it arrived just as it was described in the posting in a timely manner excellent condition I am very satisfied with my purchase
Love it
I'm in love with cell! I didn't give 5 stars because when I first received my cell, I had battery trouble. It was vibrating every second and was not charging properly. I contacted the seller and they immediately sent me a new battery. After I received the new battery, my cell was now perfect. I'll be sure to come back to this retailer when I plan on getting a new phone. Thanks again!
S*** works
So far, it meets my expectations.
Just what I wanted, and included the charger and cord. It arrived a couple of days before promised as well.
My gf loves this phone
Thrilled with my purchase. Looked everywhere for almost 3 weeks for a replacement phone. Not one problem so far.....am very , very happy with my purchase! Thank you Amazon!!!!!!!!!
Love my phone I had one before but it broke glad I found this at such a good price and fast shipping. Thank so much phone works grate
I got my phone in a timely matter an its in good shape and I got it hooked on my account with no problems
like a glove
Good and works as expected
Very nice phone, got this to replace my old stratosphere 2 phone. I have been using it for about 2 weeks now and it works great. It showed up a little earlier than expected, and it came with everything they said. Very good phone.
has been a great phone
Excelente telefono
Love my phone.
Good cooperation from the vendor on learning the changes from from flip phone
Great buy
Perfect phone just as described. It arrived on time! Would buy from them again!
Great Phone
Great
Great phone! Very user friendly.
Very satisfied. I bought this phone and activated it with Straight Talk. It has been up and running great of six months now.
Hard to transition from an iPhone but after two weeks. Really like the galaxy
Love my new phone, but I received a blue phone instead of white.
It is good product but when I open the back cover, it has dried spaghetti sauce on it. :) I cleaned it up and no problem. However, the charger does work. I contacted the seller and they will send another new charger to me. The phone works fine and no problem so far. Wish they check and clean it up before shipping.
has espected
Worked great right out of the box. Couple of dings on the upper corners of the phone, but not too serious - not noticeable unless you looked closely.
Great phone!
Phone works ok but I wish they had stated the bad scratches on the screen.
As advertised Phone is working great on our Verizon plan.We have 4 other Galaxy S3's and they are great phones.We bought this phone to keep from getting back on a contract.
I ♡ It!!!!! I got this to replace an old Motorola that was running slow. I already had a Samsung tablet I love so decided to try a Samsung phone. This phone works better than any new phone I've ever had. Very easy to set up. It was compatible with the sim card I already had. It gets a lie hit during charging and the battery could be better (it drains fast when I use it) but those things do not stop my use. I adjust and still love it. I'll definitely consider buying refurbished Samsung again in the future. I've been bragging and advertising this to a lot of people I know!
great
Very nice very fast I would use them again. I purchased two of these. Product was just as advertised.
Since I dropped my first phone on pavement, the glass doesn't stand up too well under those conditions. Teh new phone was fast in delivery and easy to change over from the "old" phone.
Great gift...
excellent
Awesome.. cheap and works perfectly
Awesome. ..great buy..great service..
bueno
Great phone, but it has a hard time charging tge battery. Seems to be a common problem for the s3
Sometimes it has problems with the back ground. Then you have to turn it off and back on before it works right again. It has nothing to do with the seller though. just a known problem with that phone.
I love this phone. It is a great phone, easy to manage and takes great pics. takes good pics as well.
I bought this phone to replace my daughter's that had been damaged. She previously had the Samsung Galaxy SIII and liked it so much that she wanted an exact replacement for it.
Very good so far.I purchased this phone to replace my lost GalaxyS5.I still have a year and a half left on the Verizon contract.I was able to get the necessary Sim card free from a Verizon store.Verizon would not mail the sim card.My only hesitation on giving five stars is that I've only had this refirbished GalaxyS3 for a month.I hope it will last the remainder of my contract.
Though it's a bit dated at this point, for a relatively inexpensive smartphone that was replacing my newer phone that I had broken, it is fantastic. It's my first Galaxy phone and I honestly regret not getting one sooner. Smooth as butter and pretty to boot.
Very happy 15 yr old!
excelent quality and nice very usefull
Pretty smooth working! Software kinda outdated but overall good
Nice Phone, works great
Love my new Galaxy. It is in perfect condition and worked as expected when new SIM card was installed.
Great phone. No problems.
Love this phone! I've had an HTC Incredible for the last 5 years and I was hesitant to part with it but this one does so much more!
Great phone worth the money
Samsung Galaxy S3 SCH-1535 verizon Phone 16gb Samsung is a very good iphone
Upgrade
Phone are in decent shape and working as it should. Fast shipping. Great buy
BEST PHONE yet! Works great, and what a savings over buying direct from Verizon! No problems at all with it...I would advise anyone considering a newer phone to take a look at this one!
Good
Love the phone the seller really worked with me sending the phone I needed for my AT&T SIM card
great
I have an unlimited data plan from verizon, so I can't get one of those freebie phones they give you when you renew a contract (as they won't renew an unlimited data plan) so I'm usually stuck with "last years" tech. My Moto Droidx2 was on it's 3rd battery in a year and was starting to randomly shut off and restart. Time for a new phone I guess. Well after looking at all the dismal older phones, and the OVERPRICED non subsidized new phones (I mean really $600 for a new phone that is half the size of a small tablet???WTF) I decided that a refurb was in order and was thrilled when I found this beauty. Quadcore power and speed in one of the best screen displays out there, combined with the customization level of KitKat, whats not to love. Yea I'm Jonesing on this phone, BIG TIME. I really have way too much to gush over. About the only things I don't like? Well power button is in a different place then I'm used too so I'm always hitting it (I will adjust over time) Volume buttons are also in a different spot and I'm always hitting them too and there is no vol. indicator that I have found yet, so phone volume is always a great mystery (makes meeting with the boss a lot of fun as you never know if he is going to hear the text messages coming in or not!) Ummm lets see.... oh yea the phone is soooo dang skinny! I'm afraid I'm gonna break it (ha funny as the new i(mepaytoomuchfora)phone6 is out and bendgate is in full swing!) A case will solve this problem. Heck I guess I can complain about the white color too- it's just too white and if I drop my phone in the snow it may not be easy to find?? Yea not too much here to complain about. As for the reseller- Cingular Direct- THESE GUYS ARE MORE THAN AWESOME!!!!! I ordered the phone on Saturday (afternoon actually). I stopped at my local Verizon high pressure sales office on Monday to pick up a Sim card (they insisted that I bring the phone in to activate it when it arrived, but I was able to walk away with the sim card), and when I got home there in my mailbox Monday afternoon was my phone!!! Amazing. For those of you wondering about activation of this phone- well I called Verizon, and 20 mins later the phone was up and running and burning through that unlimited data!! Heck the Verizon rep on the fun was great and didn't even try to sell me a different plan. Ahhh sometimes life is good.
I love this phone. Larger easy to read, use and switch to straight talk.
Wow! Came new in box! VERY pleased! Great product!
Its a very nice product. I intend to buy more for my mother.
We purchased this order to replace my son's broken phone as it was too early for an upgrade. I took it to Verizon and had then turn it on and set it up because I've had trouble activating phones in the past. We had no problems with it. It arrived earlier than I was initially told it would and we are completely satisfied so far. The phone looks good and works as expected.
Was easy to configure and reestablish applications. A very pleasant surprise.
Phone appears to work well, much better than the I4 it replaced. The Verison phone was GSM unlocked but had several issues to work out to be used on ATT. The ATT store did most of the setup but could not start the voicemail, text message or google play (are they not supposed to know this?). After about a day on youtube I found how to access google play, divorce from imessages to get mail from iphone users and had to use a 3rd pary app for voice mail (verision wants $3 month to use one on the phone. All works now, but it was an effort to get there!
nice and light
Nice phone. Love it.
charger stopped working after a few days....cellular direct sent me a new one immediately but that charger too started not working...phone works great though. =)
Great phone, shipping was fast, no problems at all! Super easy to set up and start playing with!
Good
This item shipped when it was supposed to. So far I have not had any issues with it. This phone was in very good condition just like described by seller. So far I am happy with this purchase and would do it again.
Love this phone!!!
Good condition, did have a small crack in the plastic when bought refurbished, but overall a good value and good condition phone.
The phones worked great once I found a place to buy a Verizon sd card. When I first received the phones neither one of them would even do anything without the verizon card in the back of it. By the time I bought the phones and paid for the verizon cards, which you can not purchase at verizon I had spent over 500.00. The phones actually work great, but I wish I would have known about the missing Verizon card in the description of the phone.
Was great. Will purchase future phones this was=y.
I had never purchased a used phone before and was a little concerned about purchasing it but after my son lost his phone I thought I would give it a try. Works well. Had a tiny scratch on the shell but other than that it was in great shape.
Awsome
Very nice phone. Fulfills my requirements.
good
Awesome phone!
Fast shipper phone as described other than a few minor scratches ok n the screen I'd order again
This is about the best phone I have had. and trust me I have not had many:-). The phone it self looked new, After charging the battery which took about 2 and a half to 3 hrs. I the took it over to the Verizon store where they effortlessly placed a Sims card and I was ready to go. I was amaze at how quick and easy the process was. The responsiveness of the operational system was fantastic, no more waiting for downloads or apps to open. You blink and its instantly there. The battery life was great but I not one who plays games or watch movies or listens to music on the phone. The front and rear cameras were just what I was looking for. I was able to use Skype, Whats App and VIber on this phone. .If you are someone who does not have to keep up with the Joneses or have to get the latest, fastest gismo on the market this is a great buy.A word of caution the phone is thin with a sleek design and if you are like me and have big hands you might consider getting preferably a case with a cover for protection. I had to learned the hard way, after several contact with the floor resulted in a smash face with cracks all over it after less than a week of getting the phone.
All good thanks
Thank you for keeping your promise, the phone arrived on time and worked well. It took me awhile to get used with the phone due to the fact that I used T-mobile network instead of Verizon. So there are quit a few apps on the phone that I was not able to remove. Other than that, everything works well so far. Thanks
Love it
Battery kept getting loose and turning off, other than that this phone is in great condition and works perfectly! Thank you guys
Unfortunately my first phone I received worked great but couldn't connect to Verizon. Their customer service contacted me in a timely manner to let me know I can send the phone back get my refund or another phone. I sent the phone back and received my second phone in a couple days. Between those time period I was in contact with their customer service through email and they were professional and polite and made sure I was 100% satisfied. My second phone I went to Verizon and got it working within a minute. After having my phone for a while, all I can say is that it works great and I have no problems with it. 100% satisfied customer!
Product ok with minor difficulties.
좋군. Good.
Love this phone easy to use and lots of great apps
Love my phone have not had any problems so far
very good items as always cell center do at his best
I've had this phone for a month and it's perfect for me. I love it! No probelm or anything with it!
This phone was delivered on time and in the condition promised. It has no scratches or dings and looks brand new. It's completely functional and works on with Verizon. I am totally satisfied with my purchase.
Good quality phone. Had to replace the battery. It was an added expense. Overall it is in good shape. Im pleased
I gave this rating because I received my galaxy s III promptly. I was relieved I wasn't scammed..it was brand new and everything original and at an awesome price...would definitely recommend this phone!
Great phone. Love it. Can do a lot more with this phone than my previous one. Android phones are the best.
This is an excellent phone in every way, it came in perfect condition, and there have been no problems with this phone.
Looks and works great. I am very happy with my new phone. The colors and sound clarity are awesome. Thank you !!!
excellent
I ordered this phone on Dec 29th and received it on Friday, Jan.2nd. The phone was suppose to arrive between the 6th of Jan. to the 21st of Jan. The service was great. When I opend the box the phone looked brand new, no scratches on screen or the back of phone. The phone works great, no problems with it. I love the 4G on my phone, it is very fast compared to my Motorola Droid X2. Exactly how the seller described the phone is exactly how I received the phone. I love my phone and I like the front facing camera something I did not have on my other phone. I had no problems with getting phone activated. I would definitely purchase from this seller again and would recommend other people as well. Thank you again for a great phone.
good
love it
Iam using it now
Purchased this for my husband, he loves it. Works great! Received it in plenty of time for Christmas.
I like this cellphone
I love it!
very happy with my new phone. Wanted a s5 but didnt want to pay cost and I feel this is just as good.
My wife's Galaxy III phone recently died and was un-repairable. With our contract with Verizon being up in a few months, I just wanted to purchase an inexpensive replacement for her. The phone we purchased from "Custom for All" through Amazon was perfect. It looked better than new. There wasn't a single scratch on it. Took it to Verizon right away to get it set up and the Verizon technician was impressed at the quality for a used phone. The delivery time from "Custom for all" was also great! I would recommend them to anyone! Thanks!
The phone was in excellent used condition. There were no scratches or anything. It was a good price compared to what I had been seeing even for refurbished phones.
I was stuck in a contract with Verizon with a phone I hated so I bought this phone. I love it! It works wonderfully. The only issue is battery life, which is an issue with any Android phone. Aside from that, this is a wonderful phone.
I absolutely love my phone! I got exactly what I wanted and the phone was in mint condition! I got exactly what the description said!
i love it, love the product, the manner it was shipped in, also the supplier was great with wanting to know how i rated their service #5 kudos and thank you.
Love this phone. Didn't want the bigger s4 or s5. My only complaint is that the Swype function is a little more touchy than the s2.
lot better then the at&t one. I got first.
Good phone buy it now
Excelente
excellent
Perfect condition and money well spent thank you and also huge upgrade from my galaxy s3 mini.Last everything looks new it said like new,but it looks brand new
I really like this phone! Everything works perfectly! The only thing is that on the picture it shows headphones, but I didn't receive them. Otherwise, it's great!
i just purchased a GS3 from JET SET MARKET and i am ABSOLUTELY satisfied with my buy. They were very professional, helpful and fast. I was a little reluctant in trusting the buyer as i have never purchased anything like this before... but I am very happy that i did it... and i will definitely come back and buy more from JET SET MARKET. Five stars very well deserved. Thank YOU.
The phone was packaged nicely when I got it and works like it should, except when I plug in my headphones. I have to spin the plug sometimes in order to get sound at the same time from each ear plug. Thats why I give 4 stars instead of 5.
The phone works great. I did not receive the headphones with my order so I contacted the store who promised me that I will receive the headphones (still waiting). As for the phone, it works great no complaint. I got the red color and I love it. Alot of ATT bloatware is included but I don't care. So far so good.Update:Company shipped me three headphones!!!!! Happy customer!!!!
Everything looked as if I was the first owner (maybe I was)No condition problems, no dents in the packaging, everything in what seemed to be factory sealing.Phone and accessories work perfectly.
Love it very good fone
bien
Bought this phone for my better half about a month ago & she loves it. She's had no issues with it. Great refurbished phone.
"Brought it as a gift for my moms birthday, she loves it. Only down side is that it goes in to safe mode if you touch the volume botton during start up. Besides that great buy, love it and will continue to buy from this vendor :)
Good servic
Perfect
Good phone, delivery on time
The phone is awsome. I would definitely recommend this product. My boyfriend is gonna love it. I like the idea that the company is a great.
Bought my Galaxy S III last month and it's been in service since 18 January. As another buyer stated, "Beware of which seller you purchase this phone from..." Purchased mine from JP Mobiles LLC and Amazon Fullfilled the shipment. The phone and all its accessories were all OEM components. I've registered the phone on Samsung's web site and received confirmation of the Manufacturers Full Warranty. My phone arrived new and was unlock as advertised. Presently, Straight Talk is my Service Provider, and so far the phone has performed flawlessly.
Was everything I expected. Great phone and has lots of great features to it. I would recommend it to my friends
I bought this for my wife because I have one and I love it. It is a very high quality phone with all of the options you would want in a cell phone.
real great phone and unlocked even better .the head phones stopped working ,only thing that I could say that was negative
it took a few more days than expected, but the phone is great.is original from at&t but works perfectly on other carriers.
Phone was in very good condition but charger I received along with it was pathetic and I think it was spoiling my battery while charging.
i love this phone it arrived quickly and was a refurbished phone and looked as good as new wasnt sure what to expect but i was very please when it arrived
Beware of which seller you purchase this phone from, I recommend emailing the seller first before buying anything, especially items like these. Ask (in this instance) if the phone comes in retail packaging, has it been opened? etc etc..because I received a generic packaged, previously repaired which means it was probably used (not new at all), Galaxy S3. The home button wasn't even lined up straight. Fortunately since it was fulfilled by Amazon I was able to get a quick refund.I purchased my next Galaxy S3 through JP Mobiles LLC. (a seller also here on amazon). Got exactly what I wanted, an unlocked, brand new, Galaxy S3. Granted the price was slightly higher but after this mess, it was worth paying extra to know I was going to get a solid product.
Just like a brand new phone and I've already updated to KitKat!
good
In my opinion a "very good" rating on the condiion for the phone was to generous. The item would have been better described as good condition.
Is a good pjneed overall
Great phone, i purchased it 11 months ago and works perfect.
excelente
excelent used product
Excellent product, good seller
buenisimo
I purchase this phone for my husband and he's loving this phone.
Looks Authentic Thus Far.Sleek And Sexy.
Product sold was as described. No complaints on this product, works wonderfully as advertised. Would definitely do business with again.
the phone is definitely worth the money and it has been enjoyable so far and i have no complaints at all
Since having the Samsung Galaxy S3 my world has come to new heights. I had previously been a die hard BB fan but over the recent years it seems they are not keeping up with the technology desired for my needs.The Samsung GS3 has kick ass apps and the overall functionality is awesome compared to the BlackBerry Z10 I USED TO HAVE!!! Bye Bye BlackBerry Forever!!!
Great phone, so far it's working as expected.4G LTE is a very nice feature that makes this phone very good
I love watching movies on the phone and using it as a Ereader, battery does last a while, but when streaming tunein, it drains quickly. I rooted the phone and took off the bloatware so the battery last a bit longer.
Item was exactly as described. All I needed to do was take my sim card from the broken phone and put it in new phone. Naturally I had to redo all my settings, etc to my liking. But I am very happy with this phone! I would also like to mention that it arrived exactly when stated. I didnt have to live long without my phone after all. LOL
The item that was received was good to go. I cant complain at all I will recommend all my friends to buy from you and save more moneyplease keep up the good job to your customers. I love it and I like it and thank you so much.zacharia
Great phone works well. i was a little frighten that it might not work in my country but it works only problem is that the charger wasn't working but i got one and the battery die real quick but other than those the phone works really good no problem with it thus far thanks for sending what the description said
Item delivered on time, was as described.
It works..
Got about 1.5yrs ago, still going strong, rockin' the CyanogenMod 12.1 (Android 5.1.1). Had to replace the battery since I bought it (about 1.5 months ago), but now it gets around 16-18hrs of battery life per charge (backlight at lowest setting), days if it's on wifi with the screen off.Carrier: Net10 (att towers)Android: 5.1.1 Lollipop (CM12.1)Launcher: Smart Launcher 2Wall: アオ by 3ok
The phone absolutely meets the description. The seller shipped it very fast even faster than was expected.
I love it - larger words with extra apps. I don't use all of them but just few to keep me doing what I needed.
Love my new phone! Works great, I don't think I am even using all of the features it has. Great phone would recommend to anyone.
It's good I like it
Good purchase. Excelent condition. As advertised..
it ok
Nice and good so far look nice conditions
I love my samsung galaxy s3...its really value for money....
no need to go on about the S III . The shipping, price and everything was really good. I was a little curious about the packaging of the phone for being brand new as the new one I got from ATT a year or so ago was packaged quite a bit nicer making one wonder is this phone really brand new? However it works great and shows no signs of prior use so as long as it "keeps on ticking" all is well.
My daughter wanted to replace her iPhone 4s with a Samsung galaxy s3. The price was great. Couldn't pass this one up.
We just got it. We bought it from wireless services, inc, and so far everything is ok. Original package, phone, battery and accessories from the I747 phone. I will update the review later worn phone performance, but I wanted to let everyone know that you can pick a vendor with the same prime service and price.
The phone came to me in the original box. It had everything with it, including the plastic film that covered the screen and camera! The charger it came with initially made a very high pitched electrical/clicking sound when plugged in to the phone which worried me. But after a couple e-mails, they sent me a new charger. Problem fixed! Great customer service!This phone takes a micro sim, so dont be worried if your sim is too big. You can easily print off a template online and cut yours down to size. That is what I had to do and it works perfectly. :-)
This thing came in full packaging, even the adhesive film over the crystal from the factory, has all accessories, EVERYTHING, like it was a brand new phone! There is absolutely nothing about it that would make me think it wasn't a brand new phone! I am very impressed and will be putting this vendor on my short list for the future! These guys rock!
excellentgood product and in perfect condition. a complete phone that does not bring shame complete accessories and manual Headphones
Extremely satisfied with this purchase. I was initially weary of making a new phone purchase but I knew when the time came that this would be the one I'd plan on getting and im totally happy with my choice. Phone does as expected and soooo much more, highly recommend for anyone, 5stars.
Very powerful. Downloaded Google's speech recognition and language translation Android software to the phone and it works real time and nearly flawlessly. These are very cpu-intensive, and they work very well. Extremely impressive.LTE works well... even on T-mo's network. This was a pleasant surprise, when you can find T-mo LTE.Love the 16 GB internal flash, external flash (for lots of tunes, in my case), and 2G ram (I have never gotten any "memory exceeded" error messages). Most S3s have only 1G of RAM. This special AT&T version has 2G. Big difference.Great deal at under $350 for an unlocked phone.Gets a 4 instead of 5 due to ...1) short battery life (hint, shut off the GPS, Bluetooth, and WiFi when not needed - GPS is especially a power hog).2) no UMTS 1700 band (one of T-mo's bands). Still works ok on T-mo, but I am often on Edge rather than HSPA. Edge is really slow. Probably have to get a phone from T-mo to get this weird band.2) camera... no good way to handle backlighting (without flash)...tried stopping down the exposure, but it seemed to do nothing. Maybe I am missing something?
I purchased this phone to work with the Straight Talk $45 dollar plan on AT&T's network. It took some time to set it up the way I wanted, but it has performed flawlessly since. This phone is a nice step up from my Samsung Exhibit II which took a bath (no, not in the toliet, why does everybody ask me that? lol).The only downside is that if you want to get rid of the extra AT&T apps, you'll need to root the phone. I decided against it since those apps aren't seemingly causing any problems with the E-Mail and other applications I've set up on the phone. And with an additional 32 meg memory card, I don't need the space they take up.I highly recommend this cellphone.
Great all around phone. Takes great photos. Would highly recommend this product for easy use and clarity. Very happy with purchase.
folks shopping on amazon is the way to buy any and every thing , this phone is awesome ,the price I paid for it on amazon is great , elsewhere it sells for over $400.00, I paid $317.00 on amazon. The only thing is the instruction guide included in the box was Spanish, my daughter has the galaxy 4 so the instructions are the same no problem
the shipping was faster that i tought very well wraped to ensure nothing happen to it they surely do know what they doing, te phone looks like brand new not even a single scratch so it was as they descrive it, i been use it for two days now and is been working flawless i love it, thank you very much i'm really pleased.
Perfect purchase. Looks new, works perfect.
Thanks.
Great phone at reasonable price !!!Fast shipping tooWould order again
Excellent delivered on time
Love the phone enjoying every moment of it. A great phone
Really appreciate the timely shipping, and the condition of the phone is very good.I was disappointed with some screen burn-in (maybe it was a demo display device), and the mini-USB port was badly worn.Other than that, thanks for the phone JP Mobiles!
Great phone!!!
They were quick and I love my phone
exellent
I Lake very good
nice phone
excelent 100% + + + + +
not my phone . it is my son's. no complaints from him so it must be great. he's computer geekish and reluctantly still uses windows. not me . linux all the way. I hate windows.
Works perfectly
Super happy. Came on time. And in perfect condition. Love it. Thank u
Great phone!! Great reception on 4G LTE & even 3G networks when traveling
Great product great seller will buy again
I got this due to my newer version of another phone was dropped and broken. This exceeded my expectations and am so happy with it that I may not do the upgrade thing via my phone plan in a couple of months.
love it!!
As described
very good product
no complaints on this phone
LOVED LOVED LOVED this phone. First galaxy and I won't go back!
Good compromise when I could not afford a new phone
Phone works great!! I've had for about 2 years now and still working great
I know you probably have read a lot of reviews on this phone. I am not a technical person. I just needed a phone. I was very careful about this purchase because the reviews on here warn you if you would just read them. From my contact with the seller at the very outset I knew this would be a good purchase. Exactly as described, brand new unlocked phone in the box. Awesome
Works perfectly !!! great... i love it... As soon as I got it I put the sim card and was ready to make calls... I am impressed how well and easy it was... the phone is fantastic
Just awesome! Words cannot describe what this phone can do! It does take a few days to learn everything, but once you do, watch out! The Galaxy will leave you speechless with its intuition and functionality.
I do not think that the product needs anybody to talk about all what I can say the I HAVE SUMSONG S111
the phone is just awesome, it is the best phone in the world you will never find better than this, only the problem was too late shipping and very expensive. Its not one of the affordable price.
I bought this as a birthday gift, and my fiance is in love with it. He had never really had a smart phone before, but he is otherwise very technologically informed---builds his own computers. He has had an ipod that functioned as an iphone, sans the calls. The point of saying the above is that when he got the chance to play around with this phone, he found it much more versatile and customizable than the apple products he has used. The way you can change around your screens and the specific apps were all things he really enjoyed about the phone. It's very fast, and calls are very clear. He highly recommends it.
Producto en buen estado... todo bien como se describe! lo he usado y todo bien, muy buen teléfono el mejor que he tenido!
It's ok. Still getting used to it. There was no booklet on how to use its features. I'm just trying it out trial and error pressing this and that hoping it works the way it should and checking out the net and Utube. Its supposed to be unlocked but the phone still has a lot of features that are for At&t and am kinda lost. Hard to retrieve messages from voice-mail because phone keeps closing out even before I can put my code to get voice-mail.. kinda irritating. I have not been able to check out the other phone features cause there is no manual.. sad.
Fine screen quality.Prompt power on/off speed.I don't like the background pictures defaultly provided.No 32Gb for this color.Fast shipping.
Got this baby in the mail about two weeks ago and immediately began setting it up. There's not much inside the box, just the charger usb cord, small touchpen, micro sd chip/adapter combo and battery. (In the original order it had a docking charger and hip carrying pouch) Also should note that there was a generic replacement battery instead of the SAMSUNG one.Battery in, Excitement on - Or so I thought, I quickly learned that I have to keep the charger nearby. Either from this being a faulty battery or just the low quality of the generic replacement. It never seems to fully charge to 100, and if it does it drops back down to 90-94 within a matter of 10 mins of use. Even with all the apps cut completely off, no data or voice being used it cut off from 20% down to 0 during the period of 1 hour. Really disappointing. I would recommend purchasing an extended battery (but you do have to get the extended case as well which makes the phone bulky)As for the actual usage. I'm switching over from the iphone so I'm enjoying the new swipe type texting/keyboard. Unfortunately with these I find that I'm fat fingering it more the iphone. The feel of the keyboard touch is so smooth that you don't really sense the actual keys (I guess it's something I'll have to get used to). Also the autocorrect, doesn't seem to be correcting as it should.I've also noticed some lag (during screen transitions, swyping while using whatsapp, and the back out process when you're in a app)Music/Media - Changing/adding music was a breeze, adding pics to the external sd card was simple and it picked up everything and loaded it to the media gallery already in folders (if you have personal pics you DEFINITELY want to reorganize it - also download safe gallery free to password protect some folders/pics)VPN/Tethering/Hotspot - now by default this DID NOT WORK. I was highly upset at first and did a bunch of reading to see how to enable (yes I know the basic steps but it kept saying "not a valid sim") So I finally downloaded hotspot toggle widget and it activated it for me. I'm guessing it was either a software malfunction or security issue which was stopping me from turning it on/off through the regular interface.Pictures - look amazing and so does video... Absolutely no complaints thereCellular network - I went with T-mobile since they have the best package here and 4G... Well let's just say T-mobile sucks in a lot of areas but it's great to be able to leverage that hotspot when you're in a 4G area. Also, I had no trouble switching over (since it's a ATT unlocked device). The SIM was popped in, and it registered on their network in about 2 hours.Screen - I constantly worry when I'm going to crack it when it's in my pocket, but it seems pretty sturdy. I've dropped it a few times (it's slippery due to its nice finish). Background light is great indoors but once you get outside, it's all over. This is a downside of most phones but not all!Volume/Ringer - Felt the need to add that it's really not that loud, nor does it vibrate that hard (even after maximizing all settings) Will probably create and amplify my own ringtones for a decent noticeable ringer.I would have liked to see a hdmi output on this one and possibly a slot for the touchpen, louder volume, outdoor contrast and less bloatware (that'll drain the crap out of your battery as well - I disabled 7 apps that came with the phone and haven't needed or noticed them since)
to me the difference between this and the I9300 is negligible you get the same features and it works just fine no compliants
love this cellphone I'm​ still using it! works perfectly!
Firstly, I'd like to point out that this review is primarily regarding the product received from Tablet Distributors (a featured seller under this listing, posted as New condition). When the item arrived, it was immediately evident that I did not have in front of me the box in the photos. It's technically carrier packaging, but it's a generic box from AT&T, with no printed information on the outside pertaining to this specific phone. The phone inside was in near-perfect condition, save for two very small blemishes that I can't seem to remove from the screen. It may be worth noting that these imperfections were covered loosely by a misaligned factory screen protector with the usual "don't text and drive" slogan AT&T is known for. Also, while the charger and battery door (and the phone, itself) seem to be genuine Samsung products, the battery is not. This creates problems when one is trying to get the phone to charge consistently, or to maintain a full charge if you ever do get it to that point. I've since ordered a genuine Samsung dock and spare battery, which comes with a handy one-piece wall charger, instead of the AC adapter/woefully short USB cable combination that comes in the phone's box. This new battery and charger seem to have cured all of my problems with charging, which is definitely a relief for me. The phone itself has proper specifications, as far as I know, to prove it's the exact model that's advertised here. The screen is absolutely beautiful, I must say. HD YouTube videos look flawless, though I may be easy to impress in this respect. I've previously owned a Nokia N900 (lovely phone, broken USB port) and a Motorola Atrix 2. The S3 seems to have so much more potential than these other models. I'm using this phone with Straight Talk and without any trouble. I can't really speak as to whether it's truly unlocked or not, since I've yet to have trouble using AT&T-locked phones on this service which also uses the very same network and towers. I CAN say that it's probably wise to find out which network your prepaid SIM-based service operates on in order to give you the best chance of having the same signal quality available to you. It's also good to know that these phones are capable of wireless charging, with a few accessories you can purchase here on Amazon. This is something that interests me, as I'm a bit paranoid about microUSB ports nowadays.All in all, this seems to be a great phone with enough tech packed inside to keep it feeling current for some time.
it is very nice device: convenient, light, bright... for dummies: everything needed is already there ( and/or can be added easily via Play Store ); for customizers : you can do almost everything with your device; for programmers: you can add your personal apps ....For regular users: convenient, light, bright... Screen is bigger than iPhone's one, resolution... can anybody recognize diff with retina? - do not think so. Keyboard much more convenient then iPhone's one. Colors are beautiful, sound is beautiful, even headphones are beautiful... I have no any cons.
I love it so much. I used this everyday and it so thin and big. But I have problem fitting it into my pocket.
Love the GS3! Samsung makes great hardware and feature rich products. The phone is fantastic and would still think its one of the best of the high end android phones.
love it, dont like the way the battery drains though
Great phone
Good Phone
Exccellent!
Excellent product :)
Excelent , no problem.
Upgraded the wife's phone for Christmas.She is very pleased with the functionality and screen size.Be sure to put an Otterbox Commuter (or whatever) on it as the screen glass goes all the way to the edge, and it doesn't take much of a fall to crack the glass.Fortunately I learned from others mistakes and protected this one.
muy bueno
Fast shipping nice product
I like the phone. It's in very good condition to be a used phone. The only thing I don't like about it is the battery life.
Great phone
The only negative I have is all the AT&T stuff you can't delete. The phone itself is great.
Muy bueno
Samsung Galaxy S III / SGH-i747 GSM Unlocked 16GB worksgood. brand new. little problem with the first one but was immediatly replaced by the dealer.
I read all the information listed. Checked the sellers approval rating. Item arrived on time. Is working properly. Charger was not included. Luckily I had one already.
I had my doubts, but I absolutely LOVE this phone!! I got it right on time. Ordered on Saturday n got it on Tuesday. It's sooo much better than I thought I would be! I definitely recommend this to everyone..
The galaxy is in perfect condition, it also seems new! The sellers where very curtious and answered my questions. :) I was also able to use the unlocked phone for metropcs! I'd buy more phones from them when I can!
I REALLY LIKE THIS ITEM LOOKS GREAT IT HAD A LITTLE BUMP`ON THE CORNER BUT GENERALLY OK THX VERY MUCH
If this phone is refurbished, you cannot tell. It has a new battery, a perfect screen, and a perfect case. I put an AT&T sim, and it works perfectly. Very happy with this purchase.
really great phone! no problem with anything. nice buy
Not to big or small, just right. wish battery would last longer, but not bad. Has good processor speed and enough ram for multiple applications.
Had the Nexus 4, hated it, bought this galaxy s3 and love. Fery fast and has Lte support, No lag at all.
the phone was recieved early and i love it..it works great and it is the real deal...i do believe that it is a referb phone... but its in great condition it was unlocked and i do not regret my purchase.
LOTS OF NEW FEATURES I DID NOT HAVE PREVIOUSLY WITH MY LAST PHONE. AS I AM SOMEWHAT ELECTRONICALLY CHALLENGED, I AM FORTUNATE TO HAVE EXCELLENT I.T. ACCESS HERE AT WORK TO HELP ME DISCOVER ALL THE WONDERFUL FEATURES.
perfect christmas gift
Pretty good. The back case feels a little cheap. Besides that it's pretty good.
Good
The phone was exactly what I needed! After purchasing 2 from previous companies and them not working for Straight Talk, I found this and took a leap of faith on it. It works perfectly and was able to use it for Straight Talk. It also shipped and arrived to me a lot sooner than anticipated. I received it within about 3 days. Highly recommend this phone and buying it from US Wireless.
I am very pleased with this purchase. Price was right, shipped quickly, and it works as it should. I would buy from this site again.
Love it
It was exactly what I was expecting & more I love this phone and recommended it to everyone it came the next day after ordering it
Does everything I need plus some and its a good looking phone I give it a thumbs up. ....... ...
Slight glitch at first ,and slow sometimes ,but able to fix it and it works great now:) Really do love it!!
Despite not having with a quad-core processor but with a dual core processor, phone works quickly thanks to its 2 GB of memory RAM, the rest of the specs are identical to other models, however, this in particular is much cheaper so it becomes the best option.
Overall a very good quality of refurbished cell phone, it does work well for my daughter in Montreal, Canada. The only thing that I have a concern the battery was not charging quickly, do not know if it is at the lifetime limit!
was basically ok, reached on time, reached with an old OS and needed to be upgraded, also the charger and earphone was not Samsung original,(like in new Samsung buy from the store)
Great buy, Haven't had any problems with my new galaxy yet. Still getting use to it for now but great product.
Jus receive my fone today, good condition...matter fact it's outstanding.... I like it.... It's brand new it came in a box as if u was to go to the store n buy it.....
The product was fine. It was the delivery people that messed things up. Very nice man and really understanding.
VERY GOOD
Great phone my sister is happy
great
thank you
Excellent
Good phone.
excelent product realy very good
was able to use it with my provider but some things didn't work. Could not receive pictures via text had to download a different app to receive pics. Also the wifi wasn't up to speed despite my upgrade via my provider but otherwise pretty good, excellent condition and really love the color which was the main reason for picking this phone
Good ,shipping at time
Excellent product
good cell
Phone as advertised. New with no problems at all. Charger kind of weak for phone. Not same as original one from the phone I purchased from AT&T years ago. Can still use old one (Same model) Recommend highly.
I bought Samsung Galaxy s3 unlocked from JP MOBILES LLC, i am so happy because i got the right one, i'd been buying a lot of phones from other sellers but a few of them im having trouble, this Samsung Galaxy s3 that i got from JP MOBILESLLC is advertised used but it looks so brandnew and worked as a brandnew. the best seller ever i will recomend. thanks
Muy buenos
This phone arrived quicker than anticipated. It was easily set up for straight talk; only needed to purchase a SIM card for straight talk. My son is very happy!!
excellent ilovet thx...
Nice and good conditions.
hi, i bought my galaxy iii in January from the irst day battery not funcianaba and I thought it was just the battery, I bought 2 batteries more and nothing working well, apparently the cell's wrong, it's unfair because recently buy it and since I never received the battery lasted and it was for that cell get damaged me, I wish they could change.VirginiaShipping ConfirmationOrder #102-6296314-8469802
Phone is great but when I answer phone the phone screen turners black and sometimes won't come back to the home screen when I take picture in hd it doesn't come out in hd it's blurry
This phone is exactly as described. It came in original unopened packaging. It is AT&T branded with the splash dcreen. I activated it through straight talk and everything works perfect. If you do this be patient with MMS. It took about 12 hours before that started to work. But now it is fine. As soon as the phone was activated it upgraded the OS from Android 4.1 to 4.3. I have had a great experience with this phone and would highly recommend it.
I NEEDED A NEW PHONE BUT I DIDNT WANT ANOTHER 2 YEAR CONTRACT AND I DID NOT WANT VERIZON ANY LONGER,THIS PHONE WAS AFFORDABLE,AND I COULD USE IT WITH AT&T OR STRAIGHT TALK WHICH I DID, THIS PHONE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS AT ALL,BREED SHIPPED QUICKLY & IS GREAT TO DEAL WITH.
Fast shipping. Retail box packed in bubble wrap and packed inside another box to insure it survived USPS. 13 GB of internal memory minus 1 Gb of ATT bloatware leaves lots of space for apps. Fired it up and stuck in a bring your own phone Straight Talk micro sim card (my old phone had a mini sim). Followed the instructions and was making calls in 15 minutes. Set up the APN info from Straight Talk site to get internet. Amazon is the best.
Great phone, looks brand new! Great support from the seller Mobile Spree.
I get new !!!!!! I use it for straight talk!! ! Good service and internet faster then I had on iphone 4!!!! I recomend !!!
The Samsung Galazy S3 is one of the best phones I've ever used. I absolutely love the phone and the photo quality it has.
Worked for a little while until it quit charging. Tried several chargers and none of them will charge the phone.
good
Phone works great, highly recommended.
Phone came when promised. Works great.
This phone is awesome! Bought it refurbished, and it is like new!
Happy with this phone
Very happy with this product, I will buy it again. Thanks. My daughter cannot live without it
Love this phone!!! The only down fall is that it turns off and back on, idk if its from updating apps or what. It just restarts while I'm in the middle of a text or anything besides a call. But I still give it a 5 star because its a really good phone!!!
awesome phone brand new thanks
100% original SAMSUNG and operativo all good
EXCELENTE
I was shocked cuz the description said that the phone showed some wear and when I got it, it showed me none. My granddaughter that it was brand new, so I was an Happy camper! 👍😁
Was awesome! Delivered really clean and everything worked perfectly! Loved that phone... i'm only speaking past tense because unfortunately i lost my phone a few days ago :( but i liked it so much that i've already ordered a new one same exact and just awaiting delivery.. thanks!
Consumer Cellular users, (yes, I am a user), - YES, this model of the S3, (I747), does work on the Consumer cellular network. As Consumer cellular runs off the AT&T network. Now, need to watch out for the SIM card. The old stupid Smartphone I had used the large size SIM card. The S3, uses the small, (micro) SIM card. Just call up Consumer Cellular help desk center and they can ship a micro SIM card at no charge.Now onto the S3 - It is a mile high upgrade from my old stupid smartphone. I love the features, the extra room to download an app, without it choking due to memory issues. I have to explore all of the features, but so far, for me, it works great!
Thank you! The galaxy III came in great condition and it was so easy to transfer onto the unlocked phone. Highly recommended!
Sent this one to my Daughter for Christmas and she is in LOVE LOVE LOVE! I have the Samsung SII, and this one seems light years ahead of that one! It scans your eyelids for activity and will not go dark when you are viewing your screen - awesome!!!
i'm still learning how to operate it and every day i learn something new but i simply love it, its awesome
Have had the S3 for the past year and a half and this is by far my favorite Android I have owned. Great screen for watching videos with out being too large like the galaxy note. Keypad is easy to use with the screen so there are minimal errors when typing. the ram is great for the phone so I have no issues with downloading apps and running our of internal memory space. Love that you can use an sd card as well for more memory. I highly recommend this phone whether its you're 1St Android or if your you're experienced Android user.
i love my smart phone.. thanks
Works well.
I went from an iphone to this phone & I just got it in the mail a couple days ago and I really do like it. The screen is nice and big and very clear.The only problem I have with this phone is that the battery life is terrible. It'll drop down in percentage super fast. I am having to go and pay more money for an extended battery. (If anyone has suggestions about what to look for in this, please let me know!) Not only that, the charger doesn't seem to fit perfectly but does click it. It just makes me feel like I'm almost forcing the piece to go in. Even while the charger is plugged in, the percentage of battery doesn't go up, especially in the car. Charging in the car is a waste of time. I have to pay more money for a new charger which is frustrating but I do like the phone itself and it was delivered on time as well. So thank you for everything besides the battery issue!
excelente gracias
love it!
love my phone
Great buy.
very good
Item arrived in good time and works perfectlt
I received this phone yesterday and it works great. But beware, if you're using Simple Mobile you won't be able to get an data coverage. We had to switch to a NET10 sim card and plan and it works great at 4G speeds. I would just tell everyone to make sure their service will work with this phone before they purchase it.
The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a very good product, l like it and have had no problem with it so far.
Item delivered on time. In new condition, with all the plastic packaging and twist ties. I cut my iPhone 3GS mini SIM to a micro SIM, and Galaxy S3 accepted this with no problems. I also installed Cyanogen Mod 10 on this phone with no problem. Quite a nice upgrade from the iPhone 3GS! I recommend this phone and this seller!For those wondering, this is the 16GB model with White coloring.
The cellphone is like new. The touching of the screen is wonderful and the responding is satisfying. Especially, the camera is so excellent.
Delivered on time, received what was advertised. Excellent product. Happy with the purchase.The only caveat is that AT&T puts some restrictions, e.g. no video calls from the dialer.
Its brand new and in mint condition, perfectly unlocked thus it start working at 4G speed here in Kingston, Jamaica right out of the box...... the one little issue was with battery which had to be charge daily...... So coming from a BlackBerry 9700 I now see what I was missing....
The product I ordered is as described. In new condition with all the accessories. I actually received the phone ahead of schedule. Thank you again....Love my new Samsung Galaxy S 3.....
Phone works very well. It doesn't have some of the features of the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S3. The price though is a bonus!
Ok
Great phone arrived on time and as described.
Love it
Received prior to promised date. Is perfect. Looks and performs as a brand new phone though refurbished. Very, very satisfied!
Great condition, but I gave it 4 stars because it was not unlocked as advertised. The person I bought it for had to have it unlocked.
Very good and accurate
So happy with my new phone.love it.
yes I liked it..
exactly as described.
i love it
One of the best phones I've ever used! For those who don't know, the Galaxy S3 is very customizeable (backgrounds, adding a MicroSD card, rooting or not, and loads of games and apps on the Play Store). Make sure your phone works for what company you are with! I got this Unlocked Phone as it was the best priced out of the other T-Mobile only phones I saw here on Amazon. My phone came from AT&T but since it's GSM unlocked, it works great for me on T-Mobile! I'm a very satisfied customer; if anything I was very nervous since the seller sent it via Lasership, which doesn't have the best reviews. For those who order things and have them sent via Lasership, keep a close eye on your package!
great
Its a great phone...Worth it. Have a little issue with flash pics but company/amazon will replace or refund if needed.Nice phone.
Good phone
i enjoyed this a few years ago and don't mind it again, bought used from Evan's Deals and everything works very well no complaints here and unlocked as advertised.
Works great with Straight Talk. I'm so happy with this purchase, no more big AT&T bills and I took my number with me to Straight Talk!
Fast delivery excellent phone for the money i don't know i was buying a new phone comes in a box with charger earphones and everything so far so good
The phone came in a reasonable time and works great so far. The only negative issue is thst the screen has a liquid spot apparently from heating the screen when separating it from the digitizer. This is the reason for the four stars. The camera lens also has spots on it which are quite visible. I haven't tried to print a photo taken with the camera so i'm not aware of any distortion of any of the photos taken.
Love the phone.purfect cond ition. It arived quickly.
Love love love my Slll.. tho thinkin upgrade next time
Recieved it like new, I've had it for years now and I've had no issues with it! Love it.
good
Thank you --evrything GOOD ++++
Great product.
Perfect condition.
Just what I wanted. No more no less. Love it.
Item was just as described and shipped quickly
Yes perfect!!
excelente
THIS ONE WAS A REPLACEMENT FOR MY SON DILLON!
Very Satisfied with this phone...
The ATT S3 works fantastic on Straight Talk network in Upstate New York, just put in micro SD sim card and good to go! Even get 4G which is much better than the ATT S2 I was using previously.
Economical, and easy to transfer phone carriers at will of the beholder. Everything was brand new, but the phone came programmed in German. Easy fix with very little knowledge of conversational kraut. Alles ist Gut!
I had brought it for my friend. As far I do understand he's surprise what this Smartphone can do. The world is in his hand. A very value gift.
I love my galaxy its a cool great phone you can do so much with this galaxy and it take amazing pictures!!
No complaints. This phone was easy to set up with Straight Talk. It works like new. I highly recommend it.
I have wanted one for a while now. This is a great product. I use Staight Talk service, and it works great. Have had it only a month, but works great. Suggest a battery saver app. I'm using Battery Booster. Downloaded it from Play Store for free. Works great. Only other thing was it was a bit slick to hold(plastic battery cover). So I bought an Otterbox Defender. Solved that issue. I'll update if anything else changes.
Product came exactly as described and would recommend getting this if you like yourself a galaxy s3 and I would give this product a 5 star
Like the phone but had some problem with the charger was not the original one didn't appear to be new however works great
Perfecto
This was a replacement for my S3. Since I had spare batteries it was the logical choice
Is good smasung s3 .. i am happy for this item good condition
Even though this is an older model, it fits my needs extremely well. I have had the phone only a short time, but I have no complaints. I love the phone.
Arrived new in box in original plastic interior bags, ear buds, per adapter. Worked no problem and took the new sim. Unlocked as promised. All parts were original Samsung parts (adapter, battery, etc). Phone arrived two days late even though I paid for $8.99 for exposure two day service. Seller offered to refund shipping as he has no idea why it was late. No refund to date after one week.
Thank you
I like
But, I had many problems.It's an AT&T phone so any by them cannot be used but the rest work fine, the price is a bit high and he doesn't have much in stock apparently, I tried to get a black one and he said he was sold out.I'm sure he is just waiting on an order.
Thanks amazon, I will give u 100 out of 100. It's little expensive but it's ok because of quality. Thanks again
First of all, I have a Consumer Cellular plan that is really reasonable but they don't sell the Galaxy phones yet.Second, I am a retired computer nerd and this is my first smart phone, so I have been having a lot of fun learning about the phone in general plus APN settings, etc. It took me a 15 minute phone call to Consumer Cellular to get the phone to work on the 4G network but all is well now.I love the phone but anyone wanting to use it with Consumer Cellular needs to have lots of patience along with a little smarts on how to access settings and make the entries into an APN file that works.Overall, great phone and I hope it provides years of service.
Phone was great working order. Came ready to go. I love this phone. Its so slim and works great. Love it.
My son needed a new phone, he had a flip phone that died, we switched to att 160. plan. this phone came unlocked from amazon. It said new in box. It was suppose to come with headphones but those were missing. But the phone was new and at a great price. I buy a lot from amazon. It is a fantastic phone. I would buy one for myself anyday from amazon. And I highly recommend it. 5 stars for sure.
Package arrived before the estimated date of delivery( received package 3 days after placing order) . Perfect condition for a used phone. No scratches, no bumps, FLAWLESS screen, ALL authentic Samsung pieces and battery. I have read some reviews about "bootleg" phones and batteries but oatc2012 was the seller I used and I am very pleased and would recommend this seller to anyone looking to buy electronics!!! The phone works great and I use straight talk, I just popped my SIM card in and BAMMM was up and running immediately!! This was an AT&T unlocked phone. I even got the 4.4 kitkat update that I could get on my other S3. I am very please with my purchase!!!
The phone works great. I have no problems with the refurbished phone. As soon as it was programed to my carrier it worked perfectly. Shipping was little slow but other wise this transaction went smooth.
as advertised
thank you
This phone is working wonderfully. It is as the seller said it would be, in this day and time that is very important to me! I appreciate the timely shipping and great price! TY so much!
Good phone
great product
very nice
One of the best and cheapest phone
Phone was brand new condition love it
bien
Great phone but tough getting it to work on the Consumer Cellular GSM network. The Consumer Cellular tech was very determined & knowledgeable about the process & did not give up on the process. She made every option to get it connected & synced for me. She was great to work with & finally found that a couple of options for the connection were buried quite deep in the menu and we finally got it to work. Now I am enjoying the phone & having more fun than any phone I have ever had in the past 25 years I have used cell phones.
good job just what i wanted, shipping great phone great.will buy again if needed
Product condition as was described. Works and looks very good. Thanks
It came in an original Galaxy s3 box with all the accessories. Hard to believe hat this product isn't new. it was very clean and everything works fine. I definitely recommend.
The item is what i expected and it is a gift that the person i gave it to loved very much. Thank you for the product.
Miniscule amounts of damage to the sides but a perfect screen, looks like its been replaced. Bought used from JP Mobiles, first phone wouldn't recognize inserted sim card but return was quick and second phone was received within a day. Second phone worked perfect after setting APN file. Defectives are a normal occurance when buying used electronics but seller was friendly and helpful throughout whole order.
Works great made my sister really Happy and she enjoys using it. Was the perfect choice for a replacement of her cracked one
I am finding it easy to use am still learning. Its friendly phone I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking to buy
I have not used it much yet because I'm still stateside, but my son assures me that it is great, so great he has it and I only hope I get it back!
I was very pleased with the phone I ordered. It was exactly as described. I would also like to recommend the Blue Dot company. Their customer service team was quick to answer any questions that I had about my purchase, and worked to make sure that I was satisfied. I will definately do business with Blue Dot again!!
I received the phone a couple months ago and I love it! I had no issues connecting to a Straight Talk plan. Very happy with the product.
Everything works just like it is supposed to. I upgraded from a flip phone, so I am probably less picky than most. Seems like a really good phone. Wish the battery life were longer - if it is used heavily, it won't really even make it 1/2 the day.
All nice!
perfect
Very happy with this phone. It is my first truly smart phone. Not too complicated and so far has done everything I have asked of it easily.
Great phone for the price I would suggest this phone for anyone
Great phone but doesn't recognize my sim card
will order again
Very Good
fantastic phone. I love it.
I bought this phone in 2014 and it's just now starting to kick the bucket in 2016. I love this phone so much, but hey, the dream had to end sometime. The phone is great for playing games, keeping notes, and I always seem to have great reception even when others with similar plans didn't. I don't want to upgrade, but for those starting off, this is a great beginner's smartphone.
It is all I expected it to be. I am very happy with the phone. The service was excellent. I got it quickly by mail.Thanks
Everything was like I expected.
Excellent phone. Works well
Excellent. We used it with T-Mobile for over a year now never had a problem.
Works perfect!
My daughter loved it. Great Christmas present.
After years of using it, still working good. My brother loved it
exellent
New, factory sealed in original box. Purchased the i747 to use on Consumer Cellular and in Europe. One quick call to Consumer to have the tech enter the IMEI and he emailed the LTE configuration settings. 10 minutes and up and running on Consumer, 4g LTE. A quick sim card switch to confirm it would function with my Congstar sim and done. Not the latest technology but I'm not heavy user and this Galaxy S 3 a really good fit for me. Note: You'll need a micro sim card.
Excellent phone. Worked as expected
Got it for my wife and she loved it.
great phone.
best cell I ever owned love it gets better the more I learn about it
It is a very good phone, works perfectly on my simple mobile, I have no regret on this product.
Phone works great!!! just got it today!!!!
i love my phone
Screen came damaged. I believe this is refurbished not "NEW"! I have been using Samsung phones since 1999 when I got my first one and they have always been top notch!the screen has very thin lines going vertical on the screen, when looking at the line it shimers such as a old non LCD tv screens used to. There are over 2 dozen of these lines on the screen, it affects the screen working as a touch screen. I am quite pissed about it.**update** April 2016: 3 stars to 4 stars: Phone is still going strong. I use straight talk. Now I eventually got used to the lines in the screen so it no longer bothers me. It has been almost a year.Cons:phone gets VERY HOTBattery drains quicklyLots of screen lag time (26 seconds to open text message screen)Pro:Works with straight talkI have a cell phone dropping problem, once a day and it has not broken!Very user friendly, i actually know how to use it!
Good
Worked perfectly!!!
All the freedom you would expect from a smart phone. Has a little trouble with battery consumption but it's worth a try. If you are going to fill the batter the first time. Fill it all the way to 100%. I am still having trouble mentioning my battery issues because I filled the battery 85% before I had AT&T install a brand new sim card to the phone. Wait for the internet to fully update the phone before you start browsing and make sure you have an internet security company before you get down and dirty with the browsing. All in all I got what I paid for!
good phone
Great Product and Great Service
I think this phone surpasses the quality of my original SG3 I purchased from AT T. So far it's perfect!
Phone arrived on time and worked perfectly. Recently upgraded to the s5. I liked my s3 more.
this product not have languaje spanish
nice
Work good
Product met all expectations, was in great condition just as I was told and works amazingly thanks
Good. Works well and unlocked as stated.
Perfect transaction and item. Works great with Consumer Cellular. Indiana, USA
excelente gracias...
The phone is great. The shipping was a little bit of a hassle, though. All in all, I love the phone.
so fa so good. a huge improvement on my old x cover. lots of room to install as many apps as I want
This is a good phone but had to send the first one back due to charging problems. Luckily I had ordered from a seller which was "fulfilled and shipped by Amazon" which made the return free and very easy. I highly recommend you do the same. There are known charging problems with the GS3 so you never know if you might get a bad one. Both phones were sold by Wireless Works and fulfilled and shipped by Amazon. The first GS3 was made in Korea and had the charging problems. The second one was made in China and worked fine. Also, depending on where your phone was made and the seller you buy from the packaging and accessories will vary. It would also be good if Amazon offered something like the Square Trade warranty which Ebay offers.
excellent very good product shipping and handling well very friendly and attended to all my concerns thank you very much
i love it,it is great no problems so far.received as described unlocked,am in the caribbean and when i inserted my sim card connected to my net work right away,the only issue i have i cannot get to update to jelly bean any advise would be appriciated
The only thing I didnt like was puntually the box where they came, it looked with some kind of punch and dirty.. but inside an original product with all its accesories
I got the phone for my daughter. She loves it. I have used it a few times if I can get it away from her. I like the large screen and fonts for texting. I do not have to use readers!!
Excelent ítem. I recomend It
Love this phone
S3 has worked flawlessly since received. Connected with AT&T 4G as soon as sim inserted so is a genuine I747 (USA -AT&T) model S3. This S3 for my daughter appears to offer almost all the capability of my S4 and even works better in fringe areas. A good deal for a capable phone under $200. 2nd S3 phone from this seller (Breed) and happy with both. Make sure you get the correct model for your service since Verizon and AT&T phones have different hardware and USA models differ from international models in that they are refined for USA 4G networks. Please do your homework. I also now only buy new phones after running into all kinds of issues with used ones like illegal system software (rooted) that is password protected and cannot be updated, intermittent hardware issues, different model than advertised, etc.
Just what I expected, real happy.
Great phone!
Happy
i like
It got here fast and no problems so far. Battery is a little weak though.
Great phone takes really good pictures came early too!
Very good
Awesome
Had some problems obtaining the correct phone. This is a standup company that helped us and replaced the phone with no problem.
Perfecto
thanks
It was just as described no issues with phone love it
EXCELENTE
The delivery came just as scheduled. The cellphones work great and i could choose from any phone plan thanks to the unlocked feature. Grat purchase for a really good price.
It came like description, it is what i did expect
Works great!
very good
Is a good phone but have a litter problem in the scrime, of is ok and some time frizing and restart alone wene I usea some games.
Excelente 100% recomendado
got it as a gift for my wife she love it.
If you're looking for a starter phone, or a phone for a child's first phone, this is the one. It had great visuals and it's not too small in the hand, perfect for games for a child. I've have this phone for 3 years, almost for. Last year it fell in water and I did the rice thing, gave it a couple days and it's back to normal. This phone is amazing
The company was great they make sure that the customers are satisfied, the only thing that had me disappointed was my phone was faulty :(, but it wasn't there fault; happens to everyone.
I just received my phone, and I love it! The package was unopened when i got it, it came with everything it said it would. The camera and apps are just unbelievable! I am going with the AT&T prepaid plan, and I was told that it works, which I am very confident that it will. But I will say that it is very fragile, i would suggest in getting a shock proof case! But I do love the phone, i just have trouble with the weather app:/ its showing the wrong time, but that's not a big deal. The screen is huge and awesome! I would really suggest in getting this awesome phone!
The phone is providing the services intended for. I like the features and its ease of use. Very similar to the SII that I had before. I recommend this phone for At&t and T-Mobile service users as the phone is unlocked.
The product received is of high quality meets all expectations and delivery of the equipment was immediately safely and thoroughly recommended for future purchases responsible.
this is a great product . my son absolutely loves this phone .this phone was brand new when we got it
I got this phone. It was awesome. I rooted it and It works great. I have a prepaid connection and it works amazing. I have compared it to my friends Nexus and the S4 and it phone is STILL better. Highly recommend.
Good price and order was processed properly.
ok product
100%
Working great on Straight Talk.
love this phone using on at&t, 4g lte all the way, been on st at&t for a few years now. Had a old Samsung 1 series didn't want to spend to much on a new phone at $250.00 this was a good price point. I think this phone has new items that I will still be finding a year from now
Great phone works perfectly....thanks also fast shipping
Phone was excellent however needed to send back needed a t mobile instead of a AT &T. Delevery and sevice of this phone to us was great
My wife loves this phone, works perfect and the color is great
Excellente product and the delivery time also.Thanks Guys
The phone was as described, however the battery would only hold a charge for 15 min.The phone was useless until another $25 was spent..
very nice any on time
Had it for five months now. Only down side is the emoticons are not as good as my Galaxy S II. Why pay more? Maybe an older model but does everything that anyone needs.
Excelent product! It was like new!
I had some apprehensions being a "no warranty" product, but at its arrival they were all dissipated: the cell phone came in its box, completely new and unlocked, with a cable for charging its battery at home and headphones. Its performance and screen resolution is outstanding. My only disappointment was its manual which was more the sketch of a manual than a real manual, with too few topics covered. But being used to cell phones that was not a problem in my personal case. I did a portability with it from a previous company and everything went just fine.
nice phone, using it on straight talk with no trouble
My daughter love it she's enjoying it
The condition the phone is great n the device functions well.
great upgraded to kit kat even better
Excellent product.
Very nice phone. It has more bells and whistles than my old phone. It's very quick and has a nice screen. There is quiet a bit of att bloatware that can't be removed. That's okay I just keep them off the home screen. There were two big software update that I installed. I didn't give this phone five stars because the battery is either bad or very weak. The first day I had to recharge the battery three times. I ordered a new battery and maybe that will solve the problem.
Works well but photos have a very slight pinkish hue.
ok
love it
perfect
This review describes my experience with this product and vendor, plus a little info I learned about shopping for unlocked phones.Pros: The phone works well; most of what I like is part of the product description and typical Samsung phone features - fast processor, huge clear screen, touch-screen that is more sensitive than my wife's iPhone 5s, super clear calls - receiver, and the speakerphone is best I've ever used for myself and callers AND there's a volume boost feature just for calls, 2 gb memory (opening tons of Chrome browser tabs at once without noticeable slowdown), 16gb storage (lots of music and apps), self-adapting brightness sensor, 8 mp camera, Jelly Bean (4.1.1) etc. The 4G LTE through my carrier is as almost as fast as my fiber optic internet line at 13mb down, 9 mb up. Netflix and Skype work very smoothly. Still a fan of Samsung's Swype keyboard, very accurate and it works great with a large screen space. I appreciate the Assistive Light widget, too. Still a few features I've yet to explore.Cons: Battery tends to run out quickly even though I'm actively using it about 3-4 hours a day. My usage is primarily from the display and browser/bandwidth hogging apps.Other comments: The thing about finding this particular item with this specific description (my original search was just for an unlocked Galaxy sIII) is the Amazon results only come up with one at any given time. The price seems to drop each day, and there's always a different vendor. Mine was "Art Lobby" - no major complaints, phone arrived on time, intact, mint condition. However, I found it strange that it was an AT&T phone with AT&T logo on the back cover of the phone and loaded with AT&T bloatware. After doing some research, I understand that the I747 model was sold by AT&T, so that makes sense.I also understand that while there's the "Galaxy sIII" there are different variations of the same phone, each with its own model number. The Wikipedia page describes the models and their differences in detail here: [...]Also, with some Samsung phones, be aware of the differences between the "full" models and the "mini" models. They're not the same phones, and this difference is poorly advertised by the company and a few carriers.What I learned/what I did: Do the research, deflate your mobile bill. My experience to look for an unlocked phone was driven by years of buying an overpriced, marked-up phone from my carrier whenever I changed my plan. Something to consider when buying an unlocked phone - make sure your phone and a particular model (see above on that I747 business) are compatible with your carrier. I did a ton of research before I made this purchase, and even as the price seems to drop every day, it was still worth paying $360 or so (just phone mind you, the talk/text & data plan with the carrier is separate) than $600+ over two years with my carrier for a phone that's been out for over a year. And that $600 is the phone only; when you do that, you either pay in full or pay so much down, followed by the 2 year monthly payments. Wish I had done this years ago - would've saved on my first smartphone and likely the phones before that back to 2003.A caveat here on the AT&T bloatware - I'm a tech, and rooted (i.e., gave myself administrator-level access) my phone in about 5 minutes as soon as I took it out of the box. It took a good 30 minutes overall to find and remove the bloatware, since I preferred not to do a full install of Android and further risk bricking my phone.
Being a novice of cellular carriers...I accidentally ordered a phone out of my network. ..these guys shipped a great product fast and upon realizing my mistake they walked me through a little 101 and reimbursed me for the product upon its return..class acts in my book ..will use in future and recommend to others!!
This is my first smartphone and I have been using it for about two months. I love it! I have all kinds of books (including the Bible and a Dictionary) on it and can play games with friends and most important, stay in touch with my kids, communicating with messages, pictures, and video clips.I like the feel of this phone and it is super easy to use. The only thing I do not like is the way to switch between or close apps, but hey- first-world problems!! I actually have to go to the home screen, then open a list of running apps. It just feels so clumsy compared with how everything else on the phone runs, which is so great.I would recommend this phone to anyone "learning how to Smartphone" (my daughter teased me). It isn't the latest or greatest but I saved $100s over the G4 and it seems totally worth it.
This is my first smartphone and I am very satisfied with it. The sound quality is good. I have no problem hearing others and the folks that I have called have said that I am clear on their end. I get the same reception that I had on my previous non-smart phone (2 bars in my home - 5 bars where I work).I had no trouble configuring email, wifi, and mobile data (I am using the phone with Straight Talk so I needed to set up their APN). This phone is big. I generally keep it in my right front pants pocket. In some dress slacks that are a little loose, it is noticeable that there is a bulky object in my pocket. I love having the large screen, though. It makes reading things on the screen much easier. The delivery was fast, arriving 2 days earlier than the original estimate. Overall, I am extremely satisfied.
This phone is great it was exactly whati wanted and it shipped in good time I would recommend this item to anyone.
Yes ,it came on time and was very useful
Great phone, I bought it from Wireless Experts, Inc., the box came without headphones and beaten up. But it doesn't matter, since the phone work great!
phone works great, easy to use. wanted to try for awhile to make sure before adding feedback, but I really like it - I can even design web sites for my college courses using this phone
First one was defective, but Amazon protected me from the Third Party Seller who wasn't that great. Battery life is not so good if you need to use your phone a lot, and are traveling through bad airports with little or no power taps. I bought a PowerGen PGMPP9000 External Battery for this purpose and it's been a great product so far. This is my 4th Samsung Cell Phone, and my 10th Samsung product. As long as they keep making good products, I will continue to buy their stuff.
SI MUY BUEN SERVICIO EN MUY BUENAS CONDICIONES Y MUY RAPIDO LLEGO Y PARECE NUEVO EL PHONE GRACIAS PO REL SERVICIO
es un excelente producto, lo recomiendo ampliamente y a la tienda que lo promociona, buena calidad y el envio fue rapido
Brought phone to lower my phone bill and works perfectly. I was able to go to Straight Talk service and get unlimited use of text and data about half the price. Compared the phone to Iphone and has the same capabilities and similar apps. Great product for a change.
Great value and timely shipping. The Galaxy lived up to all my expectations: highly configurable and snappy. I installed Case-Mate's Pop cover and all is well with the world!
it's the perfect gift you can make and one of the best smartphones actually compares whit the iPhone 5. v
This phone is great I feel very dumb with it because I know I only know about 10th what of this phone capiablity.but so far I am very glade I bought!!
quality of product good service of wireless experts outstanding. tech explanations were very good attitude professional friendly and knowledgable those guys are great
no more i,i,i i (like in i-phone) they are too propriertary,and they suc .once you try an android you will never go back.
Product arrived as described and it works perfectly in the Dominican Republic. So, it's really unlocked and although it is a ATT version, it's running smoothly with my service provider!!!
I bought a new unlocked sgh-i747 from Good Guys. I was a little worried about some general Amazon review mentioning some vendors providing refurbs. As described, this is NOT a refurb and came in the OEM packaging. The phone arrived unlocked with a T-Mobile stamp on the back plate. Popped in my AT&T sim and haven't had any issues in the two days I've owned the device. Great deal.
I absolutely love this phone!! It takes such great pictures and it works great with Straight Talk. No problems at all!!
I have had a HTC My-touch for years, and I loved that phone. I recently switched to the Galaxy S3, and this phone is even better!! Lightweight, cool features makes it so much fun!!!
Phone came as advertised, received it on the day that they said it would be delivered. I was a little nervous about this transaction, having read some of the user reviews about receiving phones that were not new etc. I did do a search of the IMEI number once I received the phone and it was clean, much to my relief. I was concerned about the warranty, as both the seller and Samsung really didn't want to provide a 'warranty' as such. The seller guaranteed that I could return the phone within 30 days but then I would have to deal with Samsung. Samsung said because it was an 'unlocked' phone, the warranty wouldn't be upheld, although I heard a different story from another one of their customer service reps, i.e. that it would be covered. Hopefully nothing goes wrong with the phone. I do have to say when I mentioned this to Amazon, they stepped up to the plate and said I could return the phone to them for up to a period of 6 months, which I do appreciate - good customer service. Using the phone on Straight Talk...that is another story.
I kept my fingers crossed that they would be no issues or problems with this phone when I received it like other reviews I saw and so far so good. I love this phone,
VERY GOOD PACKING, INSURANCE AND LIGHT
I purchased this same cell phone from the same seller in October 2014 and have had no problems at all. I like it so much I just purchased a second one for my daughter.
awesome phone! would but this again!
good
nice
It's a decent product.
Brand new. Excellent.
Was purchased as gifts for 2 friends of mine and they simply love these phones. Samsung Galaxy S3 is great!
This phone is even better than I imagined.
it's a buy asap . it's the best phone everrrrrrrrrr!
Delivery on time, I'm very excited, everything is ok
very good
excelente producto
it works good.
I purchased this SGH-I747 Unlocked phone. I have both an T-Mobile Sim Card, and an AT&T Sim Card and it works with both my AT&T and T-Mobile providers the phone is unlocked, Excellent! The Phone is 100% New, and I had it checked out at my AT&T Carrier and they said it is an excellent phone; of course they said their new S4 and their S5 are much better but they where just wanting me to trade in my new phone for a two year contract with them. But I sincerely do Love this phone. I had an issue with the USB Charging port but the company replaced it the day I called and their customer support is excellent. I suggest if you are interested in an Unlocked GSM Service Provider to look at this phone as your phone of choice. I also looked over the companies items and they carry over 500 items in stock and if the SGH-I747 is not your choice check out their many other phones. I can not tell you anything about them since I only bought this I747, but I can assure you the business's Customer Support is excellent and if you have any problems they go above and beyond to make me happy, and I am sure they are great looking over all their reviews compared to purchases they have an outstanding raking. Thank you all. Greg from Colorado.
Its been working spectular. I was scared at first but its a good device, I'm completely happt with my pruchase
It was simple, just slip in the sim card, enter email and Wi-Fi in settings, and blast off! It's really fun with my Samsung Smart TV
I am very pleased with the phone we received. It is a genuine Samsung S3. I purchased this for my wife, she took it to the ATT store where they plugged in a sim card and set it up within 5 minutes. No problems at all. It has performed flawlessly even after being dropped on our tile floor. I even like some of the displays better than my S4 which is probably associated with the S3 operating system. The price was in line with other sellers. Breed shipped the phone right away.I had read a number of reviews on this product advertised elsewhere on Amazon and was concerned about receiving a clone or refurbished phone as described by some other buyers (even from the same seller). However, I think that reviews may get bundled under specific product names so I suggest you just be sure what is being advertised for sale by the specific seller. This ad was for a new S3 SGH-I747 (US model) ATT phone and that is exactly what we received.
I love this phone! Recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone! I love the galaxy III couldn't be better
Great product, great price and great seller/shipper.JL
Bit of a learning curve with me on this phone. Still had my old 2g. Had to upgrade, so....I got this one. Nice ....so-far. A lot of features I will probably never use...lol
phone works great!
VERY GOOD PHONE AS I wanted ... 100 % RECOMMEND THIS SELLER ... VERY RESPONSIBLE
Perfect replacement
good buy
The charger that came with the phone was not compatible but other wise the phone is great.
It was a gift.I gave it to someone in Jamaica
good phone I am using it with straight talk. the charger that came with it does not work at all which sucks but other than that its good
exellent product excellent servicethe phone its practically new!!!works perfecti fully recomend this selleram very happy
Unfortunately it was defective and had to be returned. It was replaced with a like model and it was fantastic
This was gotten as a replacement for another Galaxy S3 from AT&T that got damaged & stopped working. Package was scuffed but everything (phone and all accessories) inside was pristine. All we had to do was put the sim card from the old phone in this one and everything is working great. This phone does everything we want in a smart cell phone & was not happy with the lower cost replacements offered by AT&T so was very happy to find this one as a direct replacement.
Love it.... ✋👌👍
It came exactly as described. I have had this phone for almost 10 months now and it's been great. I would recommend.
I really like it, a great value for the price.The Phone was new in the original packaging, the seller just opened it and started it up to unlock the carrier? The delivery was as specified.
Can do a lot of things with this phone, like, play all my ps one vedeogames :D ! had a great time with it, it was kinda addictive, specially the flipboard app. Well, bad thing i lost it n whoever found it never answered to give it back :(
The phone is amazing. I have not faced any major problem with it. HoweverIt it has problem reading my sandisk memory card. Otherwise its great buy!!!
So I am back to an Android phone after a year of issue after issue with a Windows phone. The loathing I had for the Windows phone made me have a greater appreciation for Droids. I researched long and hard to find the best phone and so far I am loving this phone. Not one problem in the 4 months I've used it. Of course, a rock would make a better phone than my old windows phone. thank you Samsung for making a non-sucky phone.
(WARNING.. .. .Long review but helpful for new buyers)Very nice phone, everything was what I expected. For that price you get a whole lot of perks. Can't gowrong esp if you don't want to be stuck in a contract right now. Would have been 5 stars if the battery lasted longer. I have to charge it a little more often than I'd like but that's a minor issue.I believe this phone was really unlocked but I never got to find out. I took my phone to a carrier to organize my sim card and just out of the blue I ask ...."how do you know if your phone is unlocked?" (Dumb Move) The employee began to fool around with the phone (pretending he was handling sim card issues) and finally said "It's not unlocked, this is our network"....then he showed me some weird code in the phone. I believe he purposely locked it back but I'm not 100% sure. I still have to test it with another sim. Anyway(if you're not a tech savvy person)... test your phone 1st before taking it to service.UPDATE.... .UPDATE... ..UPDATE... .UPDATE... .UPDATE.THE PHONE IS UNLOCKED GUYS' just as it stated. I used it with so many sim cards already.Ive had the phone for 2 years now and it worked really well up until I dropped it and the screen broke. I took off the phone case to change my battery and never replaced it #lesson learned (protect your phone).Anyway fixing the screen may have cost almost as much as a new phone so I went online and repurchased the same phone because 1) funds were limited & ( 2) I needed a phone ASAP w/o having to shop around looking for the best deals and features. I had exams coming up & I study flashcards on my phone. The phone shipped in two days (i have prime membership).Anyway to my joy the phone price dropped almost next to nothing...almost $500 LESS than I first paid... .of course because so many newer phones have came out since.Eg.. the website also had the S4(which I wanted so bad) for only a couple hundred dollars more which I didn't have at the time. (#great deal tho)I found out the S4 has some better perks if u like google play or use snapchat (like emoticons in color on snap chat etc.... S3 only gets b&w)& some other great stuff but nothing too major.I will eventually upgrade and when I do its going to be the latest. Maybe the S6 will b out by then. LolBut right now my faithful S3 has served me well & is still holding it down.
The phone is great and unlocked, it includes all the stuff but the battery is a generic one. Go buy it with a genuine oem battery.
I needed an unlocked GSM phone in order to stay with my pre-paid pay-as-you-go service. My phone service switched from a CDMA system to a GSM system. This was by far the lowest priced GSM Galaxy S III I found. If you are looking for an unlocked phone make sure you know what kind of service your phone company uses; CDMA or GSM. Samsung makes the Galaxy line in both types but a GSM phone won't work on a CDMA system and vice versa.This phone came with the ATT logo on the back, having been manufactured for ATT; and also came pre-loaded with ATT apps and phone numbers. It was easy enough to delete those that were not applicable. My initial concern was that the serial number on the box didn't match the serial number on the phone; however that doesn't appear to matter because the phone works flawlessly.The battery life on the Galaxy S III is so much better than on my wife's Galaxy S II.
best cell I ever bought love it
love this phone!
only had for about a week, only had one problem the screen would not come back on, but I did get it to work by removing the battery
excelent phone move fast in venezuela
The only problem I have with the phone is AT&T horrible signal. Otherwise the phone is great.
Very pleased with my new phone.Luv it!
awesome
This phone did not have one scratch. It arrived quickly and as described. I was able to use it with metropcs. Thank you
Greatest phone I ever owned. Glad I bought it and glad I own it!
I bought this phone for my daughter and she absolutely loves it. It is very fast and has a great battery life. I would recommend it to anyone.
Absolutely love it! I've had this phone for a couple months now and have had no problems with it and the call and camera quality is awesome (: so worth it!
perfect
I really like this phone! Everything works perfectly! The only thing is that on the picture it shows headphones, but I didn't receive them. Otherwise, it's great!
i just purchased a GS3 from JET SET MARKET and i am ABSOLUTELY satisfied with my buy. They were very professional, helpful and fast. I was a little reluctant in trusting the buyer as i have never purchased anything like this before... but I am very happy that i did it... and i will definitely come back and buy more from JET SET MARKET. Five stars very well deserved. Thank YOU.
The phone was packaged nicely when I got it and works like it should, except when I plug in my headphones. I have to spin the plug sometimes in order to get sound at the same time from each ear plug. Thats why I give 4 stars instead of 5.
excellentgood product and in perfect condition. a complete phone that does not bring shame complete accessories and manual Headphones
Extremely satisfied with this purchase. I was initially weary of making a new phone purchase but I knew when the time came that this would be the one I'd plan on getting and im totally happy with my choice. Phone does as expected and soooo much more, highly recommend for anyone, 5stars.
Very powerful. Downloaded Google's speech recognition and language translation Android software to the phone and it works real time and nearly flawlessly. These are very cpu-intensive, and they work very well. Extremely impressive.LTE works well... even on T-mo's network. This was a pleasant surprise, when you can find T-mo LTE.Love the 16 GB internal flash, external flash (for lots of tunes, in my case), and 2G ram (I have never gotten any "memory exceeded" error messages). Most S3s have only 1G of RAM. This special AT&T version has 2G. Big difference.Great deal at under $350 for an unlocked phone.Gets a 4 instead of 5 due to ...1) short battery life (hint, shut off the GPS, Bluetooth, and WiFi when not needed - GPS is especially a power hog).2) no UMTS 1700 band (one of T-mo's bands). Still works ok on T-mo, but I am often on Edge rather than HSPA. Edge is really slow. Probably have to get a phone from T-mo to get this weird band.2) camera... no good way to handle backlighting (without flash)...tried stopping down the exposure, but it seemed to do nothing. Maybe I am missing something?
I purchased this phone to work with the Straight Talk $45 dollar plan on AT&T's network. It took some time to set it up the way I wanted, but it has performed flawlessly since. This phone is a nice step up from my Samsung Exhibit II which took a bath (no, not in the toliet, why does everybody ask me that? lol).The only downside is that if you want to get rid of the extra AT&T apps, you'll need to root the phone. I decided against it since those apps aren't seemingly causing any problems with the E-Mail and other applications I've set up on the phone. And with an additional 32 meg memory card, I don't need the space they take up.I highly recommend this cellphone.
folks shopping on amazon is the way to buy any and every thing , this phone is awesome ,the price I paid for it on amazon is great , elsewhere it sells for over $400.00, I paid $317.00 on amazon. The only thing is the instruction guide included in the box was Spanish, my daughter has the galaxy 4 so the instructions are the same no problem
the shipping was faster that i tought very well wraped to ensure nothing happen to it they surely do know what they doing, te phone looks like brand new not even a single scratch so it was as they descrive it, i been use it for two days now and is been working flawless i love it, thank you very much i'm really pleased.
Great phone
Good Phone
Exccellent!
Excellent product :)
Excelent , no problem.
Upgraded the wife's phone for Christmas.She is very pleased with the functionality and screen size.Be sure to put an Otterbox Commuter (or whatever) on it as the screen glass goes all the way to the edge, and it doesn't take much of a fall to crack the glass.Fortunately I learned from others mistakes and protected this one.
muy bueno
I know you probably have read a lot of reviews on this phone. I am not a technical person. I just needed a phone. I was very careful about this purchase because the reviews on here warn you if you would just read them. From my contact with the seller at the very outset I knew this would be a good purchase. Exactly as described, brand new unlocked phone in the box. Awesome
Works perfectly !!! great... i love it... As soon as I got it I put the sim card and was ready to make calls... I am impressed how well and easy it was... the phone is fantastic
Just awesome! Words cannot describe what this phone can do! It does take a few days to learn everything, but once you do, watch out! The Galaxy will leave you speechless with its intuition and functionality.
I do not think that the product needs anybody to talk about all what I can say the I HAVE SUMSONG S111
the phone is just awesome, it is the best phone in the world you will never find better than this, only the problem was too late shipping and very expensive. Its not one of the affordable price.
I bought this as a birthday gift, and my fiance is in love with it. He had never really had a smart phone before, but he is otherwise very technologically informed---builds his own computers. He has had an ipod that functioned as an iphone, sans the calls. The point of saying the above is that when he got the chance to play around with this phone, he found it much more versatile and customizable than the apple products he has used. The way you can change around your screens and the specific apps were all things he really enjoyed about the phone. It's very fast, and calls are very clear. He highly recommends it.
Producto en buen estado... todo bien como se describe! lo he usado y todo bien, muy buen teléfono el mejor que he tenido!
It's ok. Still getting used to it. There was no booklet on how to use its features. I'm just trying it out trial and error pressing this and that hoping it works the way it should and checking out the net and Utube. Its supposed to be unlocked but the phone still has a lot of features that are for At&t and am kinda lost. Hard to retrieve messages from voice-mail because phone keeps closing out even before I can put my code to get voice-mail.. kinda irritating. I have not been able to check out the other phone features cause there is no manual.. sad.
Fine screen quality.Prompt power on/off speed.I don't like the background pictures defaultly provided.No 32Gb for this color.Fast shipping.
excelent used product
Excellent product, good seller
buenisimo
I purchase this phone for my husband and he's loving this phone.
Looks Authentic Thus Far.Sleek And Sexy.
Perfect purchase. Looks new, works perfect.
Thanks.
Great phone at reasonable price !!!Fast shipping tooWould order again
Excellent delivered on time
Love the phone enjoying every moment of it. A great phone
Really appreciate the timely shipping, and the condition of the phone is very good.I was disappointed with some screen burn-in (maybe it was a demo display device), and the mini-USB port was badly worn.Other than that, thanks for the phone JP Mobiles!
Great phone!!!
They were quick and I love my phone
Love it very good fone
bien
Bought this phone for my better half about a month ago & she loves it. She's had no issues with it. Great refurbished phone.
Good servic
Perfect
Good phone, delivery on time
The phone is awsome. I would definitely recommend this product. My boyfriend is gonna love it. I like the idea that the company is a great.
Bought my Galaxy S III last month and it's been in service since 18 January. As another buyer stated, "Beware of which seller you purchase this phone from..." Purchased mine from JP Mobiles LLC and Amazon Fullfilled the shipment. The phone and all its accessories were all OEM components. I've registered the phone on Samsung's web site and received confirmation of the Manufacturers Full Warranty. My phone arrived new and was unlock as advertised. Presently, Straight Talk is my Service Provider, and so far the phone has performed flawlessly.
Was everything I expected. Great phone and has lots of great features to it. I would recommend it to my friends
I bought this for my wife because I have one and I love it. It is a very high quality phone with all of the options you would want in a cell phone.
real great phone and unlocked even better .the head phones stopped working ,only thing that I could say that was negative
it took a few more days than expected, but the phone is great.is original from at&t but works perfectly on other carriers.
Phone was in very good condition but charger I received along with it was pathetic and I think it was spoiling my battery while charging.
i love this phone it arrived quickly and was a refurbished phone and looked as good as new wasnt sure what to expect but i was very please when it arrived
Beware of which seller you purchase this phone from, I recommend emailing the seller first before buying anything, especially items like these. Ask (in this instance) if the phone comes in retail packaging, has it been opened? etc etc..because I received a generic packaged, previously repaired which means it was probably used (not new at all), Galaxy S3. The home button wasn't even lined up straight. Fortunately since it was fulfilled by Amazon I was able to get a quick refund.I purchased my next Galaxy S3 through JP Mobiles LLC. (a seller also here on amazon). Got exactly what I wanted, an unlocked, brand new, Galaxy S3. Granted the price was slightly higher but after this mess, it was worth paying extra to know I was going to get a solid product.
Product sold was as described. No complaints on this product, works wonderfully as advertised. Would definitely do business with again.
the phone is definitely worth the money and it has been enjoyable so far and i have no complaints at all
Since having the Samsung Galaxy S3 my world has come to new heights. I had previously been a die hard BB fan but over the recent years it seems they are not keeping up with the technology desired for my needs.The Samsung GS3 has kick ass apps and the overall functionality is awesome compared to the BlackBerry Z10 I USED TO HAVE!!! Bye Bye BlackBerry Forever!!!
Great phone, so far it's working as expected.4G LTE is a very nice feature that makes this phone very good
I love watching movies on the phone and using it as a Ereader, battery does last a while, but when streaming tunein, it drains quickly. I rooted the phone and took off the bloatware so the battery last a bit longer.
love it!!
As described
very good product
no complaints on this phone
LOVED LOVED LOVED this phone. First galaxy and I won't go back!
Good compromise when I could not afford a new phone
Phone works great!! I've had for about 2 years now and still working great
Good staff.
Awesome item and great service and fast shipping. I absolutely love this phone.
Loving my first smartphone. Bought it outright to join my dads ATT account with no contract. The only problem I had was with the charging cable. The end that plugs into the phone was loos-ish and kept wobbling making irritating sounds and not staying on charge. I switched charger cables with my sons and both work fine. I cant get voice mail to work either. I'm sure ATT will be able to help me once I get in there. So far it's great.
nice phone
Works awesome phone. PhoNE is amazing
Great. Will order again
Good
The phone is beautiful and so far works great. It was everything my son wanted in a phone. The phone was delivered promptly and excellent condition. I couldn't be happier with this purchase.
I am very happy with my purchase. My one and only complaint so far is the sound quality - when it rings the speaker quality is very poor and cheap sounding. Some people complain that I sound like I am in an echo chamber.I feel that I got a very good deal and I like the white color. Phone indeed is unlocked.
The phone's great i love it and thank you very much. this phone is so awesome and amount of space is great.
I love this phone, it's the best phone I ever invested... I would recommend this to anyone.. The apps are great... Bigger screen and take awesome pictures.
The phone was new, unlocked and is working properly. I have nothing to complain about for now. This was a very good deal.
I had it for 1 1/2 months and I am already having problems with it. I hope i can see the problem before my time is up...
I bought this for my husband to use on straight talk about a year ago. It arrived when expected and was in great condition. He is still using it and it still works great.
Very good Excellent
Excelent
The phone was bought refurbished and worked just as fine as new. It was passed on to my kid after my wife used it for a year. it was a great phone and served us well in all aspects (phone, camera, apps etc). As with many android phones, the apps/os sometimes become slow but the issue happens only occasionally. Great phone which you can buy at a great bargain if you don't want the extra power available in the latest smartphones. Great for general surfing, calling and taking family pictures.
Such a wonderful device to use! Love it!
The phone absolutely meets the description. The seller shipped it very fast even faster than was expected.
I love it - larger words with extra apps. I don't use all of them but just few to keep me doing what I needed.
Love my new phone! Works great, I don't think I am even using all of the features it has. Great phone would recommend to anyone.
It's good I like it
Good purchase. Excelent condition. As advertised..
it ok
Nice and good so far look nice conditions
I love my samsung galaxy s3...its really value for money....
Got this baby in the mail about two weeks ago and immediately began setting it up. There's not much inside the box, just the charger usb cord, small touchpen, micro sd chip/adapter combo and battery. (In the original order it had a docking charger and hip carrying pouch) Also should note that there was a generic replacement battery instead of the SAMSUNG one.Battery in, Excitement on - Or so I thought, I quickly learned that I have to keep the charger nearby. Either from this being a faulty battery or just the low quality of the generic replacement. It never seems to fully charge to 100, and if it does it drops back down to 90-94 within a matter of 10 mins of use. Even with all the apps cut completely off, no data or voice being used it cut off from 20% down to 0 during the period of 1 hour. Really disappointing. I would recommend purchasing an extended battery (but you do have to get the extended case as well which makes the phone bulky)As for the actual usage. I'm switching over from the iphone so I'm enjoying the new swipe type texting/keyboard. Unfortunately with these I find that I'm fat fingering it more the iphone. The feel of the keyboard touch is so smooth that you don't really sense the actual keys (I guess it's something I'll have to get used to). Also the autocorrect, doesn't seem to be correcting as it should.I've also noticed some lag (during screen transitions, swyping while using whatsapp, and the back out process when you're in a app)Music/Media - Changing/adding music was a breeze, adding pics to the external sd card was simple and it picked up everything and loaded it to the media gallery already in folders (if you have personal pics you DEFINITELY want to reorganize it - also download safe gallery free to password protect some folders/pics)VPN/Tethering/Hotspot - now by default this DID NOT WORK. I was highly upset at first and did a bunch of reading to see how to enable (yes I know the basic steps but it kept saying "not a valid sim") So I finally downloaded hotspot toggle widget and it activated it for me. I'm guessing it was either a software malfunction or security issue which was stopping me from turning it on/off through the regular interface.Pictures - look amazing and so does video... Absolutely no complaints thereCellular network - I went with T-mobile since they have the best package here and 4G... Well let's just say T-mobile sucks in a lot of areas but it's great to be able to leverage that hotspot when you're in a 4G area. Also, I had no trouble switching over (since it's a ATT unlocked device). The SIM was popped in, and it registered on their network in about 2 hours.Screen - I constantly worry when I'm going to crack it when it's in my pocket, but it seems pretty sturdy. I've dropped it a few times (it's slippery due to its nice finish). Background light is great indoors but once you get outside, it's all over. This is a downside of most phones but not all!Volume/Ringer - Felt the need to add that it's really not that loud, nor does it vibrate that hard (even after maximizing all settings) Will probably create and amplify my own ringtones for a decent noticeable ringer.I would have liked to see a hdmi output on this one and possibly a slot for the touchpen, louder volume, outdoor contrast and less bloatware (that'll drain the crap out of your battery as well - I disabled 7 apps that came with the phone and haven't needed or noticed them since)
love this cellphone I'm​ still using it! works perfectly!
Firstly, I'd like to point out that this review is primarily regarding the product received from Tablet Distributors (a featured seller under this listing, posted as New condition). When the item arrived, it was immediately evident that I did not have in front of me the box in the photos. It's technically carrier packaging, but it's a generic box from AT&T, with no printed information on the outside pertaining to this specific phone. The phone inside was in near-perfect condition, save for two very small blemishes that I can't seem to remove from the screen. It may be worth noting that these imperfections were covered loosely by a misaligned factory screen protector with the usual "don't text and drive" slogan AT&T is known for. Also, while the charger and battery door (and the phone, itself) seem to be genuine Samsung products, the battery is not. This creates problems when one is trying to get the phone to charge consistently, or to maintain a full charge if you ever do get it to that point. I've since ordered a genuine Samsung dock and spare battery, which comes with a handy one-piece wall charger, instead of the AC adapter/woefully short USB cable combination that comes in the phone's box. This new battery and charger seem to have cured all of my problems with charging, which is definitely a relief for me. The phone itself has proper specifications, as far as I know, to prove it's the exact model that's advertised here. The screen is absolutely beautiful, I must say. HD YouTube videos look flawless, though I may be easy to impress in this respect. I've previously owned a Nokia N900 (lovely phone, broken USB port) and a Motorola Atrix 2. The S3 seems to have so much more potential than these other models. I'm using this phone with Straight Talk and without any trouble. I can't really speak as to whether it's truly unlocked or not, since I've yet to have trouble using AT&T-locked phones on this service which also uses the very same network and towers. I CAN say that it's probably wise to find out which network your prepaid SIM-based service operates on in order to give you the best chance of having the same signal quality available to you. It's also good to know that these phones are capable of wireless charging, with a few accessories you can purchase here on Amazon. This is something that interests me, as I'm a bit paranoid about microUSB ports nowadays.All in all, this seems to be a great phone with enough tech packed inside to keep it feeling current for some time.
it is very nice device: convenient, light, bright... for dummies: everything needed is already there ( and/or can be added easily via Play Store ); for customizers : you can do almost everything with your device; for programmers: you can add your personal apps ....For regular users: convenient, light, bright... Screen is bigger than iPhone's one, resolution... can anybody recognize diff with retina? - do not think so. Keyboard much more convenient then iPhone's one. Colors are beautiful, sound is beautiful, even headphones are beautiful... I have no any cons.
Love the GS3! Samsung makes great hardware and feature rich products. The phone is fantastic and would still think its one of the best of the high end android phones.
no need to go on about the S III . The shipping, price and everything was really good. I was a little curious about the packaging of the phone for being brand new as the new one I got from ATT a year or so ago was packaged quite a bit nicer making one wonder is this phone really brand new? However it works great and shows no signs of prior use so as long as it "keeps on ticking" all is well.
My daughter wanted to replace her iPhone 4s with a Samsung galaxy s3. The price was great. Couldn't pass this one up.
We just got it. We bought it from wireless services, inc, and so far everything is ok. Original package, phone, battery and accessories from the I747 phone. I will update the review later worn phone performance, but I wanted to let everyone know that you can pick a vendor with the same prime service and price.
The phone came to me in the original box. It had everything with it, including the plastic film that covered the screen and camera! The charger it came with initially made a very high pitched electrical/clicking sound when plugged in to the phone which worried me. But after a couple e-mails, they sent me a new charger. Problem fixed! Great customer service!This phone takes a micro sim, so dont be worried if your sim is too big. You can easily print off a template online and cut yours down to size. That is what I had to do and it works perfectly. :-)
This thing came in full packaging, even the adhesive film over the crystal from the factory, has all accessories, EVERYTHING, like it was a brand new phone! There is absolutely nothing about it that would make me think it wasn't a brand new phone! I am very impressed and will be putting this vendor on my short list for the future! These guys rock!
It works..
Got about 1.5yrs ago, still going strong, rockin' the CyanogenMod 12.1 (Android 5.1.1). Had to replace the battery since I bought it (about 1.5 months ago), but now it gets around 16-18hrs of battery life per charge (backlight at lowest setting), days if it's on wifi with the screen off.Carrier: Net10 (att towers)Android: 5.1.1 Lollipop (CM12.1)Launcher: Smart Launcher 2Wall: アオ by 3ok
Just like a brand new phone and I've already updated to KitKat!
good
In my opinion a "very good" rating on the condiion for the phone was to generous. The item would have been better described as good condition.
Is a good pjneed overall
Great phone, i purchased it 11 months ago and works perfect.
I love this phone, better than described. fast shipping, strong packing.
arrived quickly and as expected brand new
OEM and works great
Great phone thank you
Nice mobile
Price was good and I'm using it now.
thanks so much, excellent item
i love it, love the product, the manner it was shipped in, also the supplier was great with wanting to know how i rated their service #5 kudos and thank you.
Love this phone. Didn't want the bigger s4 or s5. My only complaint is that the Swype function is a little more touchy than the s2.
lot better then the at&t one. I got first.
Good phone buy it now
Excelente
excellent
Perfect condition and money well spent thank you and also huge upgrade from my galaxy s3 mini.Last everything looks new it said like new,but it looks brand new
exellent
I Lake very good
nice phone
excelent 100% + + + + +
not my phone . it is my son's. no complaints from him so it must be great. he's computer geekish and reluctantly still uses windows. not me . linux all the way. I hate windows.
Works perfectly
Super happy. Came on time. And in perfect condition. Love it. Thank u
Great phone!! Great reception on 4G LTE & even 3G networks when traveling
Great product great seller will buy again
Its all ok
excelent
Nice phone!!! Only thing it that the usb cap was missing.
Excellent Phone
Hella of a good phone and the screen is amazing ...best phone for the money.....
I absolutely love the S4 Active. I'm on my third one :-) There are limits to the waterproofing and screen resiliance, but this is an awesome phone especially went you get rid of all the AT&T bloatware.
Overall I'm really happy. I brought this unlocked AT&T phone over to Straight Talk under the BYOP program and for the most part, no issues. BUT, I did have one big problem upgrading from Kit Kat to Lollipop. The update kept failing and I had to bring it into Best Buy to get it to update. Now it solved other issues I was having (like it kept forgetting wifi passwords), but now its having GPS tracking problems. Also there is a lot of AT&T bloatware on this thing. My advice: Don't upgrade. Root, flash a custom rom that you like and get rid of all the bloatware.I've dropped this a bunch of times and the only thing that broke so far is the Samsung memory card (still pissed Samsung is dragging their butt with their warranty claim on this one).
Excellent product and seller. I recommend both
still had the other person's phone numbers in it
Phone working great so far.
Great Phone..
good quality
Received quick. Product new and if not unable to notice.
Like the phone. Having a few minor problems and don't know if it's the phone or the operator. Yes I would recommend this product and the seller.
This is the 2nd S4 active I've ordered, this one as a gift. Works great. No issues. Fast shipping.
as describe good price
Love this phone. It's a little big, but the phone itself is nicely setup with a pretty fast OS and some phone-specific features that are a must-have for anyone hard on their phones. Added an otterbox defender case to it, so I'm hoping it'll end up virtually indestructible. It says there's an aqua mode for taking pics underwater, but I haven't tried it yet. Will update if anything goes terribly wrong with their claims.
Received as mentioned on the adv. working very fine.
Love my phone.
Great phone!
This was an upgrade for my wife after she broker the screen on her S3.It is a speedy phone with clear signal and call quality. The waterproof cover on the USB port does not stay put however, even after replacing it with a new one. I can recommend it as a nice phone that cost less than the S4, but I do not suggest you try under water photos with it.
it works fine.
Awesome phone. I love it.
love, love, love this phone. major upgrade from my droid 2, easy to use from day 1, on H2O wireless prepaid
Awesome phone! I regret not switching to Samsung sooner. So much better than my iPhone. Definitely won't be going back to Apple. Have so much more areas available to me to keep my personal and work life's in order, even on the go as much as I am. Seller was quick to ship and phone made it to me sooner than expected. Transaction was so easy and I hope to do business again in the future
Awesome phone I love it.
Great phone!
I chose this seller because there was a 30 day money back guarantee and the price was competitive. This is my first smart phone and it arrived in excellent condition. I needed a new sim card which I got from my carrier and after a week of finding my way around the phone is all that I wanted it to be.
This is not as good as the note 4, but pretty good just the same. I would give it a full five stars, but it does not seem to want to update to the new android 6 operating system, but the note 4 has. The quality of the phone is good, it is easy to set up to Straight Talk with the right access point information. It takes decent pictures and has great sound quality. The battery life stinks, so we have bought an additional battery to charge while it is waiting, because if it runs the fitness app while jogging, it will be on 40% in two hours. All in all, it is a good phone, and worth the money spent to buy it used.
Works great.
No good charging usb phone connection. Insulation on cord already broken and peeled off! Naked wire braid, about an inch and a half, exposed! Only about a week and a half old. Terrible cord, great phone!
Expectation was meet.
Great phone. No problems with it.
This is an excellent phone! Very happy with it.
I had a Galaxy S3 and was spoiled by the features. It was damaged in an accident, and my company got me another phone. I finally saw this phone on Amazon and went to the ATT store to see it. Love the color, and how fast it is. The phone came in a box marked new and was unlocked. Popped in my ATT sim card and off I went. Great price and was exactly as the seller described it. I would purchase from Breed again. The phone has all of the neatest features someone could want on a phone. Works great on ATT 4LTE. So far battery life seems ok, although I purchased a Mugen Extended battery since I am on my phone all day long. The great thing is that the Android 4.3 update came out the day the phone arrived. Installed it and am playing with it now. Will add more later.
Really like this phone. Purchased it twice. The second time from the Gizmo Trader via Amazon. Much more happy with the gizmo trader quality and quick service w/a 30 day full money back guarantee no questions asked. Almost like brand new with actual pictures of the phone you're purchasing. It also have the original charge port plug, no nicks or scratches on the bezel Amazon wonderful condition. Bought some matte ( non smudge or glare) screen protectors, Samsung Evo class 10 64GB micro sd card, handsome wires to connect to my television. Only downside is the 8 megapixel camera vs the 13 in the regular s4. It's also rated 6/7 for dust and water resistance. 6 is the highest for dust and 8 is the highest for water. I like this phone quality & style better than the s5 and s6 actives.Dust and water resistant phones are the only way to go. I did my homework on all the other brands that are competitive and this one takes the cake
I really appreciated the phone
Phone works great. Fast shipping. Very satisfied with purchase.
works great
Excellent!!! Great phone arrived days early- can't say enough very good sale
Great
Works good
Happy with product.
Still best phone ever. everything works right. as long as Im plugged in even got another batt... Just not used to all the powerful tools I guess. twas a blessing. thank you.
Everything looks and works great. Shipping was slower than was expected.
the phone is everything i expected and more its look is almost brand new everything is working no complain...
Bought this for my GF for her birthday and she loves it. Nice upgrade over her S3. I'm an iphone guy myself but it does seem like a good phone. Like the waterproof feature.
Good
has very good quality was what I expected
A little pricey for last year's model, but cheaper than buying via a 2 year contract. Picture and title stated color as blue, description stated color as gray. Product shipped was gray. I didn't care which color I received, just thought it was confusing not knowing what color I was buying. Overall satisfied with purchase.
I purchased it for $100 less than ATT store on Amazon and it is meeting up to my expectations. I like that it is water resistant.
I bought a refurbished phone and couldn't be happier. I only wish I had used this service before.In fact, I recommend someone needing a new phone take advantage of this option as opposed togetting one from the service.
This phone has been wonderful and with it being water resistant I can enjoy it and not be so careful about keeping it hidden from my children.
Good computer. Not such a great phone. My old LG was more intuitive.
very good phone
Loooove it!!! Top notch customer service. Wonderful products
Great phone, especially compared to the Huawei piece of junk I lived with for two years while I was still paying t-mobile for it. Switched to the galaxy with AT&T and couldn't be happier.
Its bin a good phone so far.
Phone worked good when I got it now it's a Pisces of crap
Loved it
Good
I purchased this phone for my 84 year old father. He has never been happier. Great phone. Great price. He has learned to use it very quickly. Very happy with my purchase.
My daughter was very pleased with it.
Phone working great so far.
Great Phone..
good quality
Received quick. Product new and if not unable to notice.
Like the phone. Having a few minor problems and don't know if it's the phone or the operator. Yes I would recommend this product and the seller.
This is the 2nd S4 active I've ordered, this one as a gift. Works great. No issues. Fast shipping.
as describe good price
Love this phone. It's a little big, but the phone itself is nicely setup with a pretty fast OS and some phone-specific features that are a must-have for anyone hard on their phones. Added an otterbox defender case to it, so I'm hoping it'll end up virtually indestructible. It says there's an aqua mode for taking pics underwater, but I haven't tried it yet. Will update if anything goes terribly wrong with their claims.
Received as mentioned on the adv. working very fine.
Recomendable! Excelente
i have had this phone for two years, the camera stopped working a while back and cant get it to work again but i guess thats what happens when you use your phone a lot. other than that its a great product wi-fi and mobile data seem to run faster that mysome of my friends iphones.
Excellent
works great
works great
good
all very well
Its all ok
excelent
Great phone for a good price! Everything arrived as seen in picture and quickly too. Would order from this seller again!!
Muy bien
Just what I wanted. Had no problem with using it on straight talk. Just but my Sims card in and bam worked.
Excelent Ítem.
Phone its excellent, charger came damage I plugged it on with USB it worked
Excellent condition
Works great so far. No problems. Lots of storage. So much cheeper then buying from the phone store. And no contract required. Using with Verizon and it works great.
I like the phone but it didn't come with head phones why?
It was a great phone! My husband is super hard on phones and it lasted with him for about 2 years!! I would order again if i needed to!
Ok phone but cant seem to hold a signal if WiFi is on.
Good phone
As expected
Phone just crashed didn't last long
Works as if it was brand new. Packaging was great. I bought it for my aunt who had a Galaxy S3 prior to receiving this phone. She can't get over how much faster the S4 is. She's very happy and I have peace of mind knowing her cell phone is always on her and that it works well.
Great product arrived on time and works as supposed to.
My grandson loves it
Good, reliable phone with removable battery and micro SD card. It's older technology but does the most important things well at a low price.
I will give a 4 star. the phone was a gift. the reciever seems to be happy
Larger screen and faster than old phone. I have only had the phone a month. So far been great.
I bought the S4 not to be used as a phone, but just as an Android device. It was cheaper than an Apple iPod with better functionality. The only concern I have it that the back cover seems a bit flimsy.
Pic clear distinction
Very pleased.
Came unlocked. Great phone,
Arrivedo in a timely manner, brand new! Excellent service!Thank you!
Works
my sis love it
Great product.
perfecta condicion
Honestly, I didn't read the reviews for this phone before buying it. After purchase I read the reviews and was a little worried. I received the phone and it looked fantastic! Only thing was it didn't come with head phones or in it's original case like in the photo. The phone itself I tested for all the problems others had with it and it works wonderfully! Fantastic color and graphics! Thanks so much! Looking forward to receiving the headphones
Look brand new...was super easy to activate with your phone company..
Absolutely love love love this phone!! It came early and was exactly as advertised! !
Arrived in good working order and continues to work well several months later.
This was my sister Christmas gift it was due to come after the 28th but came the day after Christmas! Looks brand new no scratches,no issues with our companys sim, and even came with some decent headphones. My sister is over the moon!!!
Like new condition. Works great with T-Mobile.
excelente
Great
The item was returned because I purchased it for a gift and had already been replaced. I just no longer needed it.
Great deal ! It exactly what I was looking for.
very good phone
Great phone. Knew it would be. Samsung is the best in my book!
Awesome
Another great deal! This is the 3rd phone I have bought and have had not one problem with any of them. Why have I bought 3? Because I got them for everyone in my home.
My grandson loves it
Good, reliable phone with removable battery and micro SD card. It's older technology but does the most important things well at a low price.
Great
beautiful service, beautiful product, exactly as promised.
We purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4 smart phones from one of the big box stores. When my wife's phone was stolen, we bought this as a replacement. We knew what to expect from the phone and the seller was spectacular to deal with. Five stars!!
NoNice phone I like it a lot
I had my S3 stolen and could not upgrade. Did not want to pay full price in big box store. This phone arrive packaged and in perfect shape. It's an upgrade from S3 and glad I got it. Lots of newer features that make the phone more intuitive. The picture and video quality are outstanding! I am able to talk and look at internet at same time as well as do a few other things. Good battery life depending on what apps you've got.
The phone I received was a lemon and the person who sent it would not take it back. Fortunately, it was a phone that still was under the 1-year manufacturer's warranty. When I went back to the Verizon store, the attendant could see that the phone was malfunctioning and they set up a new phone to come to my house to switch it out. Very good service, Verizon.
I love my new Samsung phone! Was shipped so fast. Don't know why I waited so long to get it.
The phone works well and in very good condition..I must said that 96% new..Thanks a lot..
This was a replacement for a Verizon phone that got smashed. Moved the SIM card, back in business. They shipped on time and as expected.
As expected. No surprises, no gimmicks.
The phone was just as they described it. Very pleased with my purchase and the price was just right!
As advertised. The camera lense/ guard was different from my first S4 (it still takespecially great pictures).
There nice affordable and unlocked !
Great phone just as described.
Very happy with it! Exactly what I wanted! Price was also very good.
Only problem was getting a dollar store brand charger that the phone didn't support.
A great phone. Wonderful screen and size. Does anything you need done with a smart phone. I couldn't keep this phone because it wasn't compatible with TracFone system, otherwise I would have this phone as my primary.
First item shipped was defective (even though promoted as excellent condition). Seller replaced with one that works well.
Received as described. New in package with all accessories. So far, no problems with phone.
Gave the phone to my son. He needed a replacer after his "friend" tossed his other one and broke it. This was his replacer phone. He used his SIM card from the old one popped it into this one (same year) ad it works great.
My phone got to me in a very timely manner. The only problem I had was that the bottom right button does not light up and that wasn't listed in the listing.
It's prefect, everything as prescribed by seller. Quick delivery. Thank you.
Works good
Fantastic my girlfriend loved it
Love this phone
Awesome Product. Works Perfect. We bought TWO for Christmas for the business ..... no Issues at all . They actually looked brand new for B Line. Everything about the phone worked excellent and a great battery in both phones. Cosmetically, unbelievable how new they looked. VERY VERY HAPPY 5 STARS to the Product ! I did have to contact Customer service and THEY WERE THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD ! TOP NOTCH! thanks Lee
Rcvd replacement phone after first was defective. FAST shipping, great phone, works perfectly, though by the appearance of the inside of the phone, it is refurbished...fast turnaround, very pleased with the purchase.
excelent
Very good product for the price. Pretty color
This was a brand new product, well packaged and so far so good. Very happy with it... wishing I had a later android version, but it hasn't seemed to matter so far.
AAA
So far, this I like this phone pretty well. It does have a pretty short battery span, especially if you have a lot of apps. The speakers are pretty good, so far, and I like that you can choose which apps you want to stay along the bottom strip so that no matter which screen you're on you can still have your phone app, chrome, contacts and messaging, etc.
Great phone and great seller. Very happy.
Item exactly as described -- in great condition. Bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift. He loves it!
Great phone does everything I need it and then some
Awesome gift
The phone I received is in mint condition!!! Screen looked absolutely perfect!!!!!! I am very very happy with this purchase!!!
Awesome
Samsung Galaxy S4 is a strong solid phone. The phone is very responsive comparing to other brands.
great seller! The Samsung name speaks for itself its a great phone and this is a new in box item and connected to Verizon flawlessly.
Arrived quickly. Phone condition was as good as a new one. A couple months of using and no problems.
great phone
Great phone, as described, will buy from them again
I bought it for my husband and he loves it
Arrived just a few days after I ordered. The phone came looking brand new. I was expecting a couple scratches simply because it was a used phone, but I didn't see a single scratch. Works perfectly, if not better than my first Samsung s4! :)
I was very satisfied with the product. It exceeded my expectations.
I'm going to say I'm really enjoying my galaxy s4 is working out pretty good for me
The item was what we ordered. It arrived on time, with no damages and it works very efficiently. thank you.
What to say? Quality as expected. Glad I purchased it - much less expensive that at the dealer, and I was able to get rid of my contract! Easy to activate (and I'm technologically impaired)
Received as advertised. Excellent purchase and wld purchase from this site again!!! 2 thumbs up!!!
For some reason my shipping was delayed for about 5 days but the phone works great and was in great condition
Great product and fast delivery.
Good
Great! Way better than I expected
I am so happy I bought myself this phone. My brother helped me shop and actually found this one. We worried it wasn't new, but it was. I have had it for about six weeks and use it all day. I love how it learns. It has fairly good battery life, but make sure you keep the higher amperage charger handy. A regular 500 mhAmp charger will charge this but much more slowly and the phone will tell you. It is 1/4 as fast at charging as a 2 amp charger. The phone has learned my writing style and can suggest words as I type texts and emails. The on screen keyboard is larger than some and has a permanent numbers row on top like a computer keyboard. After my last Samsung phone I bought an extra battery and battery charger, but haven't opened them. It is usually very responsive to touch and is so easy to operate for this reason. If it becomes less responsive I just reboot it and it is back to its original speed. That happens less than once a week.
I like it but had to return!
great phone. love it
performed as expected
Love it at a fraction of the cost of new
Yes... just as described. Although...it could only be used for byop..by verizone..in,6 months I can add it to me existing plan..
There are many sellers so if you scroll back up top and click on sellers, look at their feedback first because all these reviews are from different sellers. i got a 30 day warranty and the phone works great! looks practically new. The only thing from 5 stars is I may need a new battery, it dies kind of quickly but the system itself works beautifully!
Great phone as advertised.
good starter phone when upgrading from a flip phone.works good but doesn't have as many features or memory as newer phones.
I am very happy with purchase. I even got it sooner then expected.
Wonderful and would do it again!
Phone is great wrong color but was compensated for mistake
It was a good experience and would order again
I got a black phone instead of the blue I ordered, but it's a great phone and I couldn't be happier. The charger I received didn't work and it was replaced immediately. Great product and great service from the seller.
Got for my 16 year old son to replace iPhone. He loves it.
Great phone. I love it so much because I upgraded from crappy. Droid 3
customer service is great they're working on getting my new phone resent back to me do the fact the phone that they sent me was defective wasn't their fault just a bad phone from Samsung hoping to have a new phone sent to me soon their customer service so far has been pretty good other than they might be just a tad bit anal about their five star rating:. other than that I think you're doing a great job
It's work good for now, nothing I can complain about it
Fast,easy switch from my LG g2... nice phone
Was different color than advertised, and first language set up was Spanish, but other than that, the phone works! Let's see how long it lasts.
Originally I purchased this phone because my S4 had a cracked screen and repairing it was a little pricy. This S4 works good for being used and of course technology with mobile devices will never problem free. I'm happy for the price paid just sad it's not water resistance like the other Galaxy I've owned.
It was everything I expected ! ...I'm very impressed with the phone and it came with the 5.0 android update
As described. .....Used good. ...But.more like-----like new condition. ... works like new phone
My phone screen crack and I was looking to buy and new screen to replace it and costed $100 to replace, instead I bought this phone for $120 since the original screen is stronger than the cheap replacement version they sell and am very happy with it. The phone looks just like new.
still learning all it's capable of doing.I belong to AARP and plan on taking a class to learn as much as can.I like the size, i't easy to hold and carry in my purse. Texting images a little small though..
We were very skeptical to order a phone from anyone other than our carrier. We didn't want to foot the bill for a new one though and we were happy with our older model Samsung. This phone came professionally packaged just as it you got it from your cell carrier or Samsung.We were pleasantly surprised with an excellent quality, operable phone! We wouldn't hesitate to purchase another phone from here.
My first smart phone. Very user friendly once you get used to the touch screen.
Great
Great phone does anything I want a phone to do! Good battery and Internet speed. Overall just a great phone
April 8, 2015 all the features on this phone are Great. .. Except this damn speaker Don't work .. I am very Disappointed. .....April 9th 2015 for some reason the speaker works now, I apologize. so I'm changing my ratings from a one star to a 5 star... This phone works great.
Great phone, nice look and feel, not too bulky, good interface. Minor overheating problems after long use watching videos. When battery is completely drained the battery may have to be removed momentarily for the phone to accept a charge again. Charges slow if using any other charger than a Samsung charger, but a cheap fix if yours doesn't come with Samsung charger as mine didn't. Overall happy with my purchase.
works as expected
phone works slick
It cam refurbished but I looked brand new. Came in the fancy box and had a charger and headphones with it. The only problem I did the like was on certain I put the screen protector on it, the first time I dropped it, it got cracked. Still use it today. Bought around 6 months the ago.
Better than advertised.
Has been working great since I purchased the phone last January.
So far so good. Artic blue. No scratches. Charger wasn't Samsung brand so I don't think it charges very quickly. Battery life is less than 20 hours, but that's just smartphones I think. I have it on battery save constantly now. I had a NFC capable phone that I was transferring from so I tapped the backs and it transferred my files.
Thank you
It couldn't have been more perfect
Great Phone, like new !
My galaxy S4 died. My warranty was over but my contract is not over yet. Did not want to pay $600 for a new galaxy S6. Went on Amazon and exactly what I wanted. Lost some pictures but am pleased with the performance of this phone. Came the day after I ordered it!
Wonderful and glad I was able to find this phone. It was given to a lady in South Africa as a Christmas present. Worked fine.
Very good phone condition
Excellent value
Very nice looking phone TY
good phone
EXCELLENT QUALITY AND SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE!
Not the newest, but damn near just as good... I had fallen behind the times somewhat (was still using a Blackberry) and this phone has brought me up to speed in the 'least' painful manner. A joy to use, I can't stop holding it. Slim and sleek, very light. I got the white, it's gorgeous. I still haven't learned all the sounds for different messages and such, but that's ok. I got the basics down. I should probably buy a case for it... Love this phone!
Fast shipping, great phone, could hardly tell that it was used, and no problems with activating it either. Thanks for a great product.
Great phone. Fast shipping. New in box as described.
Very nice phone and I got it fast, only thing Its a Verizon phone and I'm with family mobile with is a t mobile network so I can't go on the internet but everything else is great.
I love my new phone! I had an s5 and it was stolen but I didn't have insurance so I had to get a new phone and this I got this s4 from dynacell and it's not an s5 but it's great. So far no problems.
Great phone, like new and fast delivery. Charger did not work but not a problem we have several Samsung charger.
Purchased the phone as used but looks totally new and is authentic. Will be purchasing my future phones from Amazon Warehouse!
This was a very good purchase! Truly certified refurbished! Not just cleaned up and sent out. Works great! Thanks very much, and I will certainly feel free to buy from this seller again!
thank you
Came on date expected. Love it!
Arrived and worked gr8 for 3 months then the green screen of death:(
This definitely met my needs at a reduced cost of a brand new phone
I love my phone. It's everything I need and wanted , but I have to use my old box from my Galaxy S3. The Box they sent with the phone was the wrong one! The USB end don't fit the box at all. Thank Goodness I still have my old one!
Nice compact design, good value
My phone came in good condition. I love the camera on it and the size of the screen is my favorite part. Between the screen size and the resonlution, it was a no brainer for me as to which phone I wanted. I am glad I got the Samsung.
My phone works very well,received it in a few days, activated the same day through my existing account and access my info from the cloud and my phone works as well as my former phone.
FYI - there are cell phone classes online. I needed. Not enough info in little pamphlet - at least for me. Never had a cell before.
Nice phone. I am very happy with it. Fast shipping, accessories included, good deal.
I needed to switch to Verizon network for reception reasons, and I needed to keep monthly payments in-line with my current service on the "un-carrier". My past experiences with S4 phones have been great and the price is now much lower than the S5, S6 or other new flagship phones. I also like the case and extended batteries available for this model. I got two phones (with nice cases and huge batteries from other sellers) for less than the price of one flagship phone.Other reviews implied that this could be a used item, although I found it listed under "new" on the web site. I have found no sign that the phones were anything less than new. One of the IMEI stickers was more difficult to read, which was a bit worrisome. Software version and everything else implied that it was a genuine SCH-I545. Kies 3 recognized and updated the phones to most recent version and they work fine.The IMEIs were accepted by the BYOD page of Verizon Wireless. They were identified as black instead of white, but I don't know if this is unusual. Unfortunately Verizon doesn't advertise that it requires double the "smartphone access fee" (jumping from $20 to $40/month!) if you bring your own device, which priced the service significantly higher than my un-carrier. This was a deal-breaker for me. Buying a new S5 phone from them was only a few dollars more, so if you are in love with Verizon customer service then that is probably the better way to go. I wanted to keep the monthly payment for my two lines at $90 or less so I was forced to decline.Rather than return the phones in defeat, I am now using Straight Talk CDMA service. The phones activated easily on the web site using kits I picked up at a local brick-and-mortar store after leaving the wireless store. So far no complaints. The service is identified as Verizon on the phone display and service was much more stable on a road trip than the un-carrier has been historically. This is according to my co-pilot who was watching youtube videos the entire 90 minutes.I can confirm the prepaid data throttling rumors. I haven't seen much more than 5 Mb/second on speed tests, which sort of negates the LTE speed advantage. It is still a decent enough speed for almost all functions. On WiFi, speed tests routinely hit 120 just like all the other S4 phones in my household.
Just like new!! Very pleased...
Great phone at a great price. I'm also a new smart phone user, so for me, this phone is generations ahead from what the rest of the world is used to.
A great phone, simple to use. Very happy with it and don't regret not paying more money for an iPhone.
Needed to replace my phone. This worked out perfectly!
Had a Sumsung Galaxy 3 and upgraded. So much easier to see screen, camera is great. Quality of calls and phone are excellent.
Works great!
Everything was better than expected. My Verizon was installed with ease. Could not be happier. Shipment arrived at the stated time. Would do this again without hesitation
Perfect, exactly what I expected. Fast shipping!
Works just fine.
I had purchased this phone because my galaxy S3 would no longer charge and I wanted a upgrade, I have had this phone for about a month. I wanted a phone I could use with Verizon towers but not have a contract so I went with straight talk. I love this phone!! still trying to figure out some features but a lot better then the S3 that I had. Had questions from the seller and they responded quickly.
Purchased for my husband as his 1st smart phone. It was easy and ready to insert my sim card bought from walmart into! I then called Straight Talk, and was connected within about 8 min flat ! No-Contract, and with straight talk uses a $45 plan per month, works perfect and phone looked great ! We have had it since July now and no issues and works as good or better than my Samsung bought thru Verizon that I paid much more for! Verizon also does not have a plan at this price !!
Phone has been great so far. It does get a little warm when running updates. Took it in to Verizon and no problem switching old phone over to the S4. Good phone for the price and it did not renew or affect my contract or existing discounts.
I got my phone three days earlier than expected. I would highly recommend this company to anyone wanting to try a refurbished phone! !!! I absolutely love my new phone. It took all of 15 minutes to set up and working. I just put my sim card in, the phone did an upgrade and I was ready to go. Sooooo happy:)
This device met expectations as advertised. After a few minor glitches, I am very satisfied with this phone. Your third party, Increased Mobility, was prompt in its communication with me which I very much appreciated.
Great phone for the price
I had a problem with the first two, but this works really well.
Delivered as promised in good condition. Worked out of the box.
Thanks for a good product! It's very thin and clear and protective! I like it so much.
Fast shipping (1 day)...first new cell wouldn't charge. ..replacement cell good...
Product met expectations. So far there are no issues.
Absolutely love it! Takes great photos!
I initially wrote a very negative review for this product but several hours later I came to ammend it. The bottom line is that this is a GSM phone that works for t-mobile 4g LTE, BUT, don't expect that you can just pop a sim card in and the phone will work perfectly. It took me about 2 hours to figure out how to set the phone up correctly. Before you buy this phone make sure you know the specifics for your carrier!
Good phone, Good Price!
2 years later, still using it. ive rooted mine. i cant upgrade to the new o.s... so whatever i dont care. after the price of the s6 comes down ill prob get one. until then whats the point? the s4 is still keeping up with everything and does everything. its a stellar phone.
Good phone
Love it!
Looks new. Works great. Had no trouble activating it.....
Nice
Phone brand new out of box. The chargers included weren't Samsung, but I had those already so no big deal for me.
So far I am really enjoying my new phone. I still am unsure of how to access file on the memory that I switched over from my droid but I should have some time this evening to work that out.
I bought this for my wife for mother's day and she likes it.
My son loves it. As compared to his last phone he feels it is as expected, a good phone!
Flashed to 3G for PagePlus service. Great phone.
I received the phone promptly with its original box, earphones, charger, wireless charger, and otterbox. I literally could not tell that the phone was used and it is in great working condition
It could not be unlocked so I had to change carriers. I love the phone itself though. It's all and more than I expected.
I'm very happy with my new phone its very fast works great thank you I would buy another one or two
Very pleased. I recently had to replace my galaxy s3 so I opted for this. Order came quicker than expected. Everything was in the original packaging. Seemed to have brand new charger, headphones, and USB cable. Phone looked brand new. Booted up worked perfect and activated no problems. The extra USB cable was also nice. Will definitely do business again and will recommend to friends and family.
Thanks PMG! the service was fast and painless. My sons Motorola 4th replacement became unstable after KitKat update but the Samsung Galaxy S4 works well KitKat. He thinks the hand motions are cool, but the best features are that it stays on as long as he is looking at it, and it has voice controls for everything. Calls have been clear and loud. I was afraid it would be flimsy with the plastic cover, but my son says it is very solid. PLUS, a phone with a removable battery and SD card?!? We purchased the phone from ProMobileGear and it was shipped as requested and in excellent quality. We would buy another phone from them if needed.
The phone is fully functional and was in fairly good shape. There's a scratched part on the side of the phone that I was unaware of when purchasing. I'm not too picky, though. I have a case and a screen protector on it now and can't even tell that it's scratched.
Great for a refurbished phone only had one visible defect very very minor "dink" on the side where the chrome border is.... took a while for delivery though looks like it has a brand new screen, battery, battery cover, and new camera did not come with stock charger or headphones, but came with a usable charger. description says white phone but it was refurbished to be black, i prefer black. overall great phone for being refurbished.
Great condition phone
Big step up from my Droid 4. I miss the physical keyboard a little but very happy with functionality and the price
Love this phone!
Phone was is in perfect condition and had no issues getting it set up with Verizon.
Very happy with my phone. It was in almost new condition. I did gave a little trouble getting it connected because I didn't realize I needed a Sim card from Verizon since my old phone was stolen and I didn't have one. Verizon gave me a new Sim card and the phone works perfectly.
Great phone.
I like this phone is go fast and play game is go fast is asawer phone
Great phone and seller was accurate on how the phone looks and operates. Great product and I love it.
This was a replacement and works beautifully.
I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4 I595 (Verizon) from Amazon fulfilled by US Wireless for my son. Everything appeared as new per the description but the charger did not work. I was able to charge the phone with another charger I had. I asked US Wireless to replace just the charger so my son would not have to be without the phone. They quickly did this - excellent service!As for the phone, it works great. It gets 2 bars of 4G LTE service where my Samsung Galaxy Nexus gets only a bar of 3G service and no 4G at all. 4G does work on the Nexus if I find just the right spot. I dunno, maybe my Nexus is getting flaky, but this thing is fast. Very pleased with this Samsung Galaxy S4.
With the phone I purchased being pre-owned, I was very pleased. A little scuffed in a couple places but nothing to be distracted from. Fully functions and have not had any issues. I was thankful to also get another pair of the ear buds.
Being the dad in the house mom and kids come first. I always make sure they get what they need and cool things first. I had a windows phone and hated it. I never really used amazon before. Found this phone, it was a great price easy account set up. The merchant was great as advertised smooth shipping and this phone is awesome. I like Samsung over apple and this phone does not disappoint.
Love this phone so far. Too bad there's so much bloatware.
Looks like new and works great.
It was exactly what the description said even a little better I love my new phone!!
Purchased a refurbished S4 when my old phone finally died and Verizon wanted to dick me over on a warranty replacement. Phone works great and has only very minor signs of wear.
I love this phone. :)
Great phone!
I really enjoy this, conceding this is my second one. I dropped and broke my 1st one.
change review: phone was defective had to send back.
Wonderful phone. Just as expected and in mint condition.
I love my phone, thank you! It is a great phone
I am very happy with purchase. I even got it sooner then expected.
Wonderful and would do it again!
Phone is great wrong color but was compensated for mistake
It was a good experience and would order again
I got a black phone instead of the blue I ordered, but it's a great phone and I couldn't be happier. The charger I received didn't work and it was replaced immediately. Great product and great service from the seller.
Got for my 16 year old son to replace iPhone. He loves it.
Great phone. I love it so much because I upgraded from crappy. Droid 3
It's work good for now, nothing I can complain about it
Fast,easy switch from my LG g2... nice phone
I like it but had to return!
great phone. love it
performed as expected
Love it at a fraction of the cost of new
Yes... just as described. Although...it could only be used for byop..by verizone..in,6 months I can add it to me existing plan..
good starter phone when upgrading from a flip phone.works good but doesn't have as many features or memory as newer phones.
Great
beautiful service, beautiful product, exactly as promised.
We purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4 smart phones from one of the big box stores. When my wife's phone was stolen, we bought this as a replacement. We knew what to expect from the phone and the seller was spectacular to deal with. Five stars!!
NoNice phone I like it a lot
I had my S3 stolen and could not upgrade. Did not want to pay full price in big box store. This phone arrive packaged and in perfect shape. It's an upgrade from S3 and glad I got it. Lots of newer features that make the phone more intuitive. The picture and video quality are outstanding! I am able to talk and look at internet at same time as well as do a few other things. Good battery life depending on what apps you've got.
The phone I received was a lemon and the person who sent it would not take it back. Fortunately, it was a phone that still was under the 1-year manufacturer's warranty. When I went back to the Verizon store, the attendant could see that the phone was malfunctioning and they set up a new phone to come to my house to switch it out. Very good service, Verizon.
I love my new Samsung phone! Was shipped so fast. Don't know why I waited so long to get it.
The phone works well and in very good condition..I must said that 96% new..Thanks a lot..
Great phone with all the conveniences..Nice size. Pretty colors on the screen.
Absolutely the best
I admit, I was very paranoid when thinking about ordering a cellphone online with all the counterfeits and rip offs out there. I can say with relief that the Battery Pack Retailer is not one of those. My S4 came in on time and it was sealed with everything, battery pack, headphones and all. The only thing different is that there were clear signs of ownership of the previous owner. Still has the previous phone number in there. But this is a minor gripe. Phone starts up well and as good and fast as my original S4. Works with my Verizon Sim Card. At 300, a good deal price. Battery Pack, you earned my trust as a customer.
Absolutely mint phone I couldn't believe how perfect this phone was for being used. I couldn't recommend a place more......
Great product. Great service. Package arrived ahead of schedule. Will use again.
Love it..a lot better then my iPhone
Works well - It's all Thay said it was.
I'm loving my new phone. It seems to be just like the 3, but I'm sure the more I play with it the more I'll find.
Arrived timely and is a great phone. Not sure the S5 is worth the price difference.
just what she wanted
This was a replacement for a Verizon phone that got smashed. Moved the SIM card, back in business. They shipped on time and as expected.
As expected. No surprises, no gimmicks.
The phone was just as they described it. Very pleased with my purchase and the price was just right!
There nice affordable and unlocked !
Great phone just as described.
Very happy with it! Exactly what I wanted! Price was also very good.
Only problem was getting a dollar store brand charger that the phone didn't support.
A great phone. Wonderful screen and size. Does anything you need done with a smart phone. I couldn't keep this phone because it wasn't compatible with TracFone system, otherwise I would have this phone as my primary.
works as expected
phone works slick
It cam refurbished but I looked brand new. Came in the fancy box and had a charger and headphones with it. The only problem I did the like was on certain I put the screen protector on it, the first time I dropped it, it got cracked. Still use it today. Bought around 6 months the ago.
Better than advertised.
Has been working great since I purchased the phone last January.
So far so good. Artic blue. No scratches. Charger wasn't Samsung brand so I don't think it charges very quickly. Battery life is less than 20 hours, but that's just smartphones I think. I have it on battery save constantly now. I had a NFC capable phone that I was transferring from so I tapped the backs and it transferred my files.
Thank you
Was different color than advertised, and first language set up was Spanish, but other than that, the phone works! Let's see how long it lasts.
Originally I purchased this phone because my S4 had a cracked screen and repairing it was a little pricy. This S4 works good for being used and of course technology with mobile devices will never problem free. I'm happy for the price paid just sad it's not water resistance like the other Galaxy I've owned.
It was everything I expected ! ...I'm very impressed with the phone and it came with the 5.0 android update
As described. .....Used good. ...But.more like-----like new condition. ... works like new phone
My phone screen crack and I was looking to buy and new screen to replace it and costed $100 to replace, instead I bought this phone for $120 since the original screen is stronger than the cheap replacement version they sell and am very happy with it. The phone looks just like new.
still learning all it's capable of doing.I belong to AARP and plan on taking a class to learn as much as can.I like the size, i't easy to hold and carry in my purse. Texting images a little small though..
First item shipped was defective (even though promoted as excellent condition). Seller replaced with one that works well.
Received as described. New in package with all accessories. So far, no problems with phone.
Gave the phone to my son. He needed a replacer after his "friend" tossed his other one and broke it. This was his replacer phone. He used his SIM card from the old one popped it into this one (same year) ad it works great.
My phone got to me in a very timely manner. The only problem I had was that the bottom right button does not light up and that wasn't listed in the listing.
It's prefect, everything as prescribed by seller. Quick delivery. Thank you.
Works good
Fantastic my girlfriend loved it
My first smart phone. Very user friendly once you get used to the touch screen.
Great
Great phone does anything I want a phone to do! Good battery and Internet speed. Overall just a great phone
April 8, 2015 all the features on this phone are Great. .. Except this damn speaker Don't work .. I am very Disappointed. .....April 9th 2015 for some reason the speaker works now, I apologize. so I'm changing my ratings from a one star to a 5 star... This phone works great.
Great phone, nice look and feel, not too bulky, good interface. Minor overheating problems after long use watching videos. When battery is completely drained the battery may have to be removed momentarily for the phone to accept a charge again. Charges slow if using any other charger than a Samsung charger, but a cheap fix if yours doesn't come with Samsung charger as mine didn't. Overall happy with my purchase.
Arrived quickly. Phone condition was as good as a new one. A couple months of using and no problems.
great phone
Great phone, as described, will buy from them again
I bought it for my husband and he loves it
Arrived just a few days after I ordered. The phone came looking brand new. I was expecting a couple scratches simply because it was a used phone, but I didn't see a single scratch. Works perfectly, if not better than my first Samsung s4! :)
I was very satisfied with the product. It exceeded my expectations.
I'm going to say I'm really enjoying my galaxy s4 is working out pretty good for me
It couldn't have been more perfect
Great Phone, like new !
My galaxy S4 died. My warranty was over but my contract is not over yet. Did not want to pay $600 for a new galaxy S6. Went on Amazon and exactly what I wanted. Lost some pictures but am pleased with the performance of this phone. Came the day after I ordered it!
Wonderful and glad I was able to find this phone. It was given to a lady in South Africa as a Christmas present. Worked fine.
Very good phone condition
Excellent value
Very nice looking phone TY
good phone
I bought this for a missionary in Kenya. I was worried about getting one that would work there. So far, the missionary tells me that it is working fine.
love it
Good job amzon!!!!!!!
I buy , I live in Venezuela , works perfectly fast shipping , arrived in perfect condition the phone came brand new , very happy great
Cool
BUENO
Good
I owned a PDA 10 years ago. Then the first gen iphone in 2007. Then I upgraded to the iphone 4 three years ago. This purchase was my first android smartphone and while I was a bit apprehensive since my android tablet crashes daily, I have been very pleased with this item. It is an excellent phone with so many extra functions that iPhones just cant do such as telling me the temperature and humidity in the room I am in and how many meters I currently am above sea level. It also counts my steps in a day as long as i have it in my pocket. Just an overall convenient tool for life in addition to all the typical smartphone functions like email, calendar, internet, ebooks, music, etc. The only feature it is missing is FM radio.Fast shipping and great product!
Excellent
Great phone, great price.
Good
it works fine
I have been using this device for over 6 months now. No problems so far. I used it in USA & UK, different SIM cards and different companies and it did work fine. Have to mention that the seller was helpful answered all questions I needed on the same day I emailed him.I do recommend this device to anyone.
this is a very nice phone good seller, thanks
This is very good phone, i was more than satisfied, the functionality of this phone was able to meet my needs
Love this phone it has everything and more!!!! I have all the apps I ever wanted and nice big screen it is really a cool phone!
I love the many features and capabilities of this mobile phone. It exceeds my expectations and needs of a phone. I was searching for a AT&T (Unlocked) phone; received a T-Mobile (Unlocked) phone. Not particularly happy with this; but was still able to get the phone activated and am pleased with the performance.
great care was expected immediate delivery good good model material fact in this comfortable well-defined colors etc etc etc etc.
This s4 very good
Excelent...Very fine
Excelent nice item.
Excelent product and fast delivery recomended 1000% works perfect in Venezuela thanks
very good
I was so happy about my phone. Everything is perfect
Excelente smartphone.
received as expected and work perfectlove it
Bought it for my daughter and she likes it very much.
I love this telephone, Thanks
ok excelent
Excelente
beautiful phone
very good phone
works just fine ... no problem.
Good!
Just amazing no regrets on buying this phone
Photos not a good as advertises
This phone is everything I expected and more. I am still learning all the phone's features! ! I will definitely get another Samsung when deeded!!!
excelente producto
all good thanks
very good product
MUY BUEN PRODUCTO
good and fast fulfiled
Is a very good phone, I'm happy I've made this purchase. The phone comes with everything it should and works perfectly.
Everything working well so far, good performance and excellent pictures and videos! It is very user friendly and allow a lot of customization which is a 'must' for me
Switched from IPhone S4. I love this phone! The greatest features are:- you can add a SD card and expand memory;- more apps and they are cheaper;- pictures are sharp and the quality is great!
Well i think the rating speaks for it's self. This is the best purchase i have done on amazon so far and the S4 19500 really lived up to the hype and satisfied my needs. I just cant put it down for a second.
The only hold back is the freezing respond from this s4 when I use the password uption to open it from the main screen, it annoy me so I'm just using the swipe uption now, it slow me down when I want to make a quick call.
Better as expected. Beside I got a cheaper smart phone got a great quality mobile.
I owned a PDA 10 years ago. Then the first gen iphone in 2007. Then I upgraded to the iphone 4 three years ago. This purchase was my first android smartphone and while I was a bit apprehensive since my android tablet crashes daily, I have been very pleased with this item. It is an excellent phone with so many extra functions that iPhones just cant do such as telling me the temperature and humidity in the room I am in and how many meters I currently am above sea level. It also counts my steps in a day as long as i have it in my pocket. Just an overall convenient tool for life in addition to all the typical smartphone functions like email, calendar, internet, ebooks, music, etc. The only feature it is missing is FM radio.Fast shipping and great product!
I have been using this device for over 6 months now. No problems so far. I used it in USA & UK, different SIM cards and different companies and it did work fine. Have to mention that the seller was helpful answered all questions I needed on the same day I emailed him.I do recommend this device to anyone.
this is a very nice phone good seller, thanks
This is very good phone, i was more than satisfied, the functionality of this phone was able to meet my needs
Love this phone it has everything and more!!!! I have all the apps I ever wanted and nice big screen it is really a cool phone!
I love the many features and capabilities of this mobile phone. It exceeds my expectations and needs of a phone. I was searching for a AT&T (Unlocked) phone; received a T-Mobile (Unlocked) phone. Not particularly happy with this; but was still able to get the phone activated and am pleased with the performance.
great care was expected immediate delivery good good model material fact in this comfortable well-defined colors etc etc etc etc.
This s4 very good
Excelent...Very fine
Excelent nice item.
Excelent product and fast delivery recomended 1000% works perfect in Venezuela thanks
very good
I was so happy about my phone. Everything is perfect
Excelente smartphone.
received as expected and work perfectlove it
Bought it for my daughter and she likes it very much.
I love this telephone, Thanks
I bought this for a missionary in Kenya. I was worried about getting one that would work there. So far, the missionary tells me that it is working fine.
love it
Good job amzon!!!!!!!
I buy , I live in Venezuela , works perfectly fast shipping , arrived in perfect condition the phone came brand new , very happy great
Cool
BUENO
Good
ok excelent
Excelente
beautiful phone
very good phone
works just fine ... no problem.
Good!
Excellent
Great phone, great price.
Good
it works fine
This is very good phone, i was more than satisfied, the functionality of this phone was able to meet my needs
Love this phone it has everything and more!!!! I have all the apps I ever wanted and nice big screen it is really a cool phone!
I love the many features and capabilities of this mobile phone. It exceeds my expectations and needs of a phone. I was searching for a AT&T (Unlocked) phone; received a T-Mobile (Unlocked) phone. Not particularly happy with this; but was still able to get the phone activated and am pleased with the performance.
I owned a PDA 10 years ago. Then the first gen iphone in 2007. Then I upgraded to the iphone 4 three years ago. This purchase was my first android smartphone and while I was a bit apprehensive since my android tablet crashes daily, I have been very pleased with this item. It is an excellent phone with so many extra functions that iPhones just cant do such as telling me the temperature and humidity in the room I am in and how many meters I currently am above sea level. It also counts my steps in a day as long as i have it in my pocket. Just an overall convenient tool for life in addition to all the typical smartphone functions like email, calendar, internet, ebooks, music, etc. The only feature it is missing is FM radio.Fast shipping and great product!
The phone works as expected!
excelente
Very good
excellent
Nice
Not much to say about it that hasn't already been said, but I completely love this phone. It is truly amazing and really puts meaning into the "smart" part of smartphone.
Bought this for my son for his birthday for use in Jamaica. My son is absolutely enamoured with it. I bought a local sim card and it works. The features are fantastic. Thinking that I made a mistake with my recent purchase of the Iphone 5s or maybe I just don't know all the features of my phone. A really attractive phone.
All Ok dont have problem with this produt, good material and all that published in your product in amazon, recommended
The phone let me speechless, it's just awesome, too many functions and gadgets, nice and smooth.Delivery was on time and was everything ok.I would recommend this product 5 stars!
I knew the s4 was the phone I wanted. I needed GSM quad-band factory unlocked for use with international pre-paid SIMs (specifically European and Asian in the near future). This is the right phone. This one was for my wife and I bought another one on Amazon for myself. The one I bought for myself was technically international, it does accept SIMs from South America, all over North America, and the Caribbean. However, that other one does not accept Asian or European SIMs. Be careful what you buy on Amazon I guess is the lesson learned. Other reviews on this phone seem to state they did not get what they expected from this vendor (T-Mobile unlocked rather than truly factory unlocked, etc.). I did get exactly what I needed from this vendor, however another failed me. So, again, buyer beware. Also, don't open your phone's box in the dark because you are so excited it has arrived :-) I did that with the Americas phone and am now stuck with it.However, just to reiterate, this phone is exactly what I wanted and fit the bill perfectly. My experience with this particular phone is completely perfect.
I'm so enamored, this will likely be a multiple update review.Unboxing: Phone, documentation (which was immediately tossed aside), head phones with different sized buds, A/C charger with EU adapter, and USB data/charging cable.Setup: I pulled all the fun clings off, opened the back (easy easy), slipped in the Etisalat (AF) SIM card and SanDisk 64gb microSD. Turned it on... didn't get the normal welcome screen where I get to choose the language. Maybe I was playing with something and missed it, wound up choosing some slavic language which a friend of mine was able to read. He also identified the "life companion" title on the lock screen as French. Got through the wifi log in, changed the language and logged into Google. Normal process from there.Speakers and microphone: The sound is pretty loud when it's turned up--I was actually startled at the notification of a message. The stock keyboard and I don't get along. My hands from base of palm to middle fingertip barely reach six inches/15 cm. This is a big phone. Love it to death, but the spacing of the stock keyboard means I wind up hitting B or N instead of the spacebar, even in portrait. Personal problem, I know. I had the phone on speaker when I called Etisalat to make sure the messages I get in the future are in English, they heard me and I heard them almost as clearly as if I were using the handset directly. The rep didn't even notice the generator running in the background.Camera: The camera works ok, there was a bit of fuzz on a still I took of a friend indoors. Admittedly, the lighting wasn't all that fantastic but I think it should've come out a little better. I'm coming from a Motorola RAZR Maxx HD. Technically speaking, this camera should make the one I'm used to go cry for mummy. I'll update later when I've used it more in different situations. 12/10/2013 Update: Camera works very well. I've taken many pictures in different lighting and all of them come out very well. It helps to not be too close to what you're trying to photograph. I used Skype to see if what I see on my screen is anything like what the other end sees. Called my friend on his Motorola RAZR HD and there was little degradation/fuzziness from me to him, but it seemed like normal conversion degradation.The hardware in general makes me a bit giddy. There was some semi glitching when opening the app drawer (which disappeared when I installed Google Edition 4.3) that may have something to do with all the pre-installed apps. Videos and off-screen goodness run smoothly. I'll post updates as nifty things come up.12/10/2013 Update: I've been able to see a movie, have apps update in the background and have a phone conversation at the same time without the movie picture stuttering. I can't play a movie and have apps update on other phones. The movie loses.I can't really provide good info on the stock interface/apps/whatever. I get irritated with carrier software and extras that are pushed on me, especially when I've bought a phone outright, without a contract. If you're not in love with the Samsung extras and don't rely on warranties, the folks at xda-developers have some very informative reading.
My Sweetie thinks I am the best for getting her this phone. There is nothing she does not like about it. She carries it in her Bosom, no kidding! Guess who is now a "Good doggie?" Meeeeee...!Yeahhhh!
I bought this mobile a few weeks ago and couldn't be happier with it. The 5' full hd display and the 13MP camera are just great. Sometimes I prefer to use the mobile to take a photo than my regular camera. I can't believe I still had doubts about switching from an Iphone to the S4. Now I recommend Galaxy S4 to everyone!!
Excelent product, It works perfectly, but you should know that the manual an initial languege is in france. but ita very easy to change it. unique problem the power conector is for europe. But any USB conector works
perfect
Bueno
The price paid is worth it, is a pocket pc, lighter than the earlier and much faster, fine by samsung this time.
Excelente
I couldn't be more happier for my order of this phone!! Living overseas it's tough to get your hands on a unlocked phone for a reasonable price. This phone and price is unbeatable.
I just think it's an awesome phone with the wright carrier it's very nice worth the money!! And way better thn the IPhone 5!!!! Hope this helps people deside to purchace what they really want....but this is a great phone!!♥♥
I LOVE LOVE LOVE MY NEW CELL PHONE WELL PACKAGE AND IT WAS A NEW ONE.THANKS YOU AND WISH THE VENDOR GOOD LUCK IN THE FUTURE!!!
the best phone I've had personally recommended seller, the phone is quite fast in all its aspects, good quality images. happy with this purchase
Excellent appearance, very good camera,Easily operated. The white collour is beautiful!Yes, I would recomend it to a friend
Exelente telefono
excelente!
i love my new phone...
gracias
Excelent
thanks
Excellent attention, product came without problems and in the dear time.
Perfecto
im a little bit unhappy cuz the price keep decreasing after I bought it, but it's a good phone and worth to buy
excellent product. I like the samsung galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4g/lte smartphone it has everything I need in a cellphone. works very good. awesome
It is indeed a factory unlocked galaxy s4 phone. It is brand new and in perfect condition. It came in the samsung box with charger, battery and headphones. The manual wasn't in english though but i was able to find one online easily. The wall charger has a european plug but luckily i had my own usb wall charger that i'm currently using with the usb cord. Love the camera, wifi connectivity and call quality. It has so many features i havent discovered them all as yet but it's definitely a great buy. The phone also arrived on time though it didnt ship till the second to last day of the delivery estimate.
It comes factory Unlocked, has Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor at 1.9Ghz quad-core, the difference with the i9500 model with the Exynos processor octa-cores at 1.6Ghz is not remarkable both works well.The difference is that this model can be connected to 2G/3G/HSDPA/4G/LTE networks, the model i9500 only be connected to 2G/3G/HSDPA networks.You can use this phone with any carrier in Venezuela, Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet 3G and 2G, to connect with Digitel GSM 4G/LTE, you should buy a USIM card.Works with Frequency (Mhz):2G/3G/HSDPA: 850/900/1900/21004G/LTE: 800/850/900/1800/2100/2600Movistar VE: 3G/HSDPA 1900MhzMovilnet: 3G/HSDPA 1900MhzDigitel GSM: 3G/HSDPA 900MHz; 4G/LTE 1800Mhz
Great smartphone. I don't think I'd ever go back to iPhones after getting a taste of the Galaxy ! :)
This phone is emensly great. I love everything about it and how easy it is. But thats the phone, the seller was acurate in shipping and provided a great surves and real not fake iteams.
This was a gift to my wife step father, he is really happy with this product and he love it... the seller really responsable
I have not been able to put it down since I got it. It is a great phone. A must have!
I had bought s3. Didnt really like it that much, so I went back to iPhone4s. I bought this new one it completely out lived my expectations. Graphics dont break, big screen is awesome.
Firstly, I bought my phone - Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 from Cell Trading, and I received it on time, and in perfect condition.I am in love with this phone, it's everything I wanted and much much more. I was deciding between the Iphone 5 & the Galaxy S4, I'm thrilled I chose the S4. I live in Trinidad & Tobago, and all the Iphone's amazing apps cannot be used here, the S4 however has millions of apps to choose from, and they all work here. BTW this is a 4G phone, and it's blazing fast! Recommend it strongly!
The phone itself is amazing, the only thing is that it is a french made phone and all base configurations are in french!
the phone is excelent, actually the fastest phone ever tried, the screen resolution is awsome, i had a Galaxy S2 and the difference is impresive in every sence, the battery, the screen, the procesor, etc
This device is just awesome. It exceed all my spectatives.I like all the new sensor it has, so it can give all the new spectacular functionalities.The camera is great!I recommend this to everyone
Awesome Phone, I'm in love with.. The only problem is the battery now is going down so fast that before and I need to charge twice in a Day, but this as we know was Samsung Fail with some batteries and my one was the "luck" one, but my girl bought the same and nothing happens with that one.
Excelent, I am happy with that smartphone, however I think that the back is not the original and the accessories, but it is not a big problem
excellent product. was received at the indicated time and without any difficulty, as based on the place of purchase. recommended one product
Though I had to spend some quid to get it unlocked when I returned to Nigeria (thought I ordered an unlocked phone), the samsung galaxy s4 19505 is more like it. You feel you also have the latest iPhone with all the features. The battery life is long and it fits my use and purpose. I commend it to anyone who needs a dependable smart phone. Just waiting for blackberry service to be enabled on it.
It is a very good phone my aunt love it. Maybe in the future I would buy one for me too.
Works Perfect
Good
Perfect
EXCELENTE
good
excellent product, thanks
Excellent!!
A very good phone
Yes it met expectations. Pictures are so clear. I really love it.
I am very happy with the product and the supplier.I recommend this seller, and I hope to buy again
U love my galaxy 4 and the price was awsome!!!!
thanks
Bought the phone as a gift, very pleased with the phones overall quality. Takes great pictures, very light doesn't over heat
It's the best phone at the moment. Please dont hesitage to buy it! No regret! It's quite easy to use it.
I bought this phone to my husband and I can't say anything wrong about this phone,because works great .This phone has only one disadvantage is no 4g in US, phone works on 3g internet and speed is around 6- 12 Mbps (in our big town)..Phone came with french instruction ,we just had to change the language in menu.
I am in love. My only problems are that the manual is in Spanish and that the earphones are the plunge ones and go too deep on the ear.
I like the product, it works excelent until now.!I bought this cell phone for my girlfriend and she loved it
Thanks a lot for the mobile. Its fantastic, so the unique detail , the instructions and manuals are in french language instead spanish! Sowhere everything is ok.
excellent all continue well
Samsung Galaxy S4 overcame my expectations. I was in doubt between Galaxy and Iphone, but now I am sure. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is the best!!! There are a lot of amazing new functions.
It arrived as promised and wrapped with all the manuals and accessories.It is not branded with any company's logo cos I want to be independent of all of the carriers. The micro sim card it uses made me uneasy but I was able to cut my sim to fit in.
This is a great smartphone, the only problem I see is the warranty, Samsung Warranty is the worst, if you buy an Samsung product at Amazon doesn't came with it. If you buy an Apple product always have global warranty, next time I will consider to buy an Apple product only for the warranty.
Great!
i love the phone. everything was so quickly.Thanks
still pleased after 1 month of use. let's hope it keeps up.
great
Good phone love it
very good
Got new Samsung S4 but new battery is weak and i m charging twice a day...like this for its amazing features...
excelent
it is good
Excellent phone. Networks work perfectly.
Excelente
The phone shipped fast and arrived as described
Excelente
Excellent seller good product the cellular one is a version of laitonamerica comes in Spanish language totally, good work very rapidly to use light it is an elegant good telephone and I recommend to the seller that agan his purchases with the recommended one 100 %
the best, the colors are wonderfull, I live in costa rica and use the phone without problems, is so fast and unlocked, just change the chip y begin good. I love this cellphone and the shipping was 4 days.
Samsung's flagship device is stunning. True tech fans rejoice at the extreme ease of use and customization. Those new to the smart phone world will encounter a smooth learning curve with the S4. The S4's trump card is the ability to customize your many notifications for you twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Whats app users. Along with Google's play store, you will have all the latest and useful apps on the market.
Great phone overall, always loved samsung devices, couple months in and still i cannot complain. Glad i made the purchase.
I previusly had a S3. I had doubt to change to the S4, but for 440$, I get a faster Phone, better screen resolution, lighter weigh, better battery performance and mine came with Android 4.4.2 kitkat. I am very happy with it.
More than PLEASED. The cellphone is unlocked and have no problem to works here in Venezuela (Digitel). the ONLY issue is that doesnt have spanish on the configuration mode. So if you dont understand english that would be a problem
its cool I like it because I don't like her iPhone or somethingthat's why I'm just sooo samsung glaxy s4
Excellent
I wish it did not have so much stuff that I have no use for, and can't remove either. that aside, being able to place whatsapp on the SD is the only thing I wish I could accomplish. I am very happy with the phone thus far. it also said that it had 16gb, but it has less than 10.
excellent product, I recommend it 100%, i like, works great, meets my expectations, works perfectly, eg the last en-phone technology
The phone is unlocked and worked easily as I out in my micro sim. The only problem is that the phone Manuel wa in French so it was difficult for me to read since I had to get it translated.
the phone is good however sometimes very rear when i touch the screen to perform a comand it dos not but my biggest problem is that my picture quality is very depressing
Honestly, I feel great using this and sure it was delivered on time though there r some tape stains on the side of the box . yet it doesn't influence the quality of the product itself. I know International version must come with a foreign language , which is French for this cell. Function well,BUT, right after I put my SIM card and SD card into it, turn on start using, after just a few mins , the back area became extremely hot. The area is right around the SIM and SD card. I m afraid that it will burn like fire someday while i m making a phone call. Its horrible but i dont wanna waste money and time to exchange or return it cause i m new here and really cannot spend a day without a cell.
I love it!Just one thing. I made my order on August19th and it arrived on Sep 3rd. That took too much. Everything was in french and Samsug should consider an american adapter plug.
Excellent perfect product, I recommend. I love it ,! ...................that's it no more words ok I love it I love.
upper of my expectatives, very fast and more complete of market.i recomend, the best is model i9505 because have a 4g and more fast internet.
it reached on time and is working perfectly everything is as expected this is a great buy anyone considering shouldn't hesitate
excellent phone, it is a machine recommend
Brand new S4 I9505, shipped and received in Miami in 5 days in sealed original box with white original Samsung accessories and adapters. Phone works perfectly (I use it in the Caribbean) and came updated with dual camera mode and android 4.2.2.Note: all instructions/manuals/warranty were in Spanish only.
Excellent product. Best software everr. Could have a better housing but worth it.And it smudges to easily. So buy a case & screen protector ASAP.
This device is just wonderful!!! I love it...The bad side is just that the battery doesn't keep it turned on by whole day...And sometimes, depending on the app used, it becomes very hot...
Item was received intact and on time. It is an awesome phone that I have been looking forward to. Will be using it mostly in the Caribbean.
this is a great phone if you like a regular size screen it has all the features I would recommend this phone.
Everything in this product is great
It's a great smart phone to use.It is faster than the samsung galaxy s3.I like this mobile phone.Only thing is the charger is not a US model.
All that i was expenting. Its greate. It works like charm.I will buy more things to this guy. thanks
This is an excelent phone, unlocked and International, works in Brazil, I had no issues to activate it in my carrier
This is an excelent phone, unlocked and International, works in Brazil, I had no issues to activate it in my carrier
Love Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 2013 full HD Video/audio Large Screen easy to used. Have extra Micro SD card up to 32GB more features.
i like this mobile so much and i really love it and its amazing mobile thanks samsung waiting for the S5 ^___________^
This phone is pure MAGIC! Charges very quickly and hold the charge too. Screen very colourful and bright like it should be. Loud sounds and music when listened out or with headphones. The features of this phone makes all other phones seem and in fact look like rubbish. Air view, gestures, the camera and all of those settings keep me happy. Separate from the apps that you can download all the features will keep you happy, satisfied, contented, busy, entertained for daaaaaaayyyyys. Its slim too and fits very well in the hand one or both. Typing is good too, a little bigger than the S3 but you don't really notice it. ITS VERY FAST TOO ABSOLUTELY NO DRAG. Having gone through the S2, S3 and now on to the S4 i'm very experienced with Samsung, Android and really appreciate this phone and all that it offers. The next BIG THING COULD BE IN YOUR HANDS TOO.
Such a nice phone, lots of new features that really entertains and educate. Apps are great as well! Excellent buy...highly recommended!
I used to be a user of iphone, several things on apple was better. But when I updated my Iphone to IOS 8 +, my problems began to be more bigger. When people learn to use Android, is hard to back to IOS. First of all is the price; all of the phones android is too cheaper than Apple. Second the screen is bigger and more easy to manipulate it. This phone is amazingly faster than iphone 5s and 4s... The only cons is the phone sometime feels heat more than iphone...
Awesome phone would recommend
Great phone. I like it. Works great. purchased from "Open Group Wireless" merchant. Received i9505, as expected. Great seller.
EXCELLENT PRODUCTS
Excellent
Good!Thank you!
VERY GOOD.
Always Samsung brings us a very good product.I bought for my wife, to replace the old Galaxy S2.She uses this phone with Digitel and works fine.A year after the purchase the battery become to discharge very quickly, a new battery solves the problem
good product
Its works ver y well
my girl friend love it
Good
love it
Good in general words but I got an issue with the OS, maybe it wasn't downloaded to the devices as expeced but all sensors are not working at all. I will try to reload the OS and see if is not a hardware problem
Good phone
Perfect
I am quite pleased with the product.
as always, I love Samsung. Great phone and already have 5.0.1 update. My updates come from Poland on this phone but I'm in central america.
I am very happy with this product. As a matter of fact, my purchase has prompted my niece to get the same phone.
As good as expected
perfect and best phone lookwise till features they are providing. I would recommend this phone v/s iP5i'm loving it
My new Samsung Galaxy S4 GT-I9505 Factory Unlocked International Smartphone is everything that the company said it would be and much more. Great fit & finish as well. I am Very Pleasantly surprised. Thanks "Samsung" and "New Generation Products."
There a ton of reviews on this phone, so I will just explain why I chose this. Skip to the bottom if you want to know what I don't like.1st, don't believe what cnet or other sites tell you. It will always be cheaper in the end if you buy a phone unlocked. I pay 30 bucks a month for unlimited text and data with t mobile.I only get a hundred minutes, but let's be real. Free calls can be made with many Voip apps. Also, you have the freedom to use this on any GSM networks. I travel a lot, so this will save me lots of cash.2nd, I had a nexus 4. However, the stock android platform is cheap, ugly and not so user friendly.I have big hands, so my thumb always went to the home screen when trying to press the space bar. This is a boon to anyone, let alone those with sausage fingers like myself. Touch wiz has a button on the android task manager that closes all program. For stock android, you need to swipe each program out. It's a minor annoyance that adds up. It's even more frustrating that this could be a simple fix. There are all kinds of tricks that make navigating touchwiz much better than stock. If you plan on using a launcher, this probably won't matter as much to you. I used launchers in the past, and they don't really compare to built in software in my experience.3rd, better quality. This cost more than twice as much as the nexus 4. You get what you pay for! This has 16gb built in. Nexus 4 base version is 8. This has a removable batter and memory expansion slot.The battery on this lasts much longer than Nexus 4. This is impressive because of the 1080p resolution compared to the nexus 4 720p. Removing the Sim card from the Nexus 4 was a big pain. This one has an eject slot within the phone.4th, LTE. I don't know how good this works because t mobile doesn't have good lte in my area. But I like to know that it's there. Some people will say you can hack the Nexus 4 for LTE, but I don't know how true that is and not all of us have the time to spend troubleshooting this.MOST SURPRISING FEATURE: The IR port for using your phone like a remote. I'm not into TV, but I tested this out and it's kinda awesome.... It shows me a list of shows on, i tap the picture and it automatically goes to the channel. The days of flipping to find what you want are over. This works nicely with Comcast cable boxes and most televisions. I'm sure it works well with other cable boxes. I think this feature is gonna be a staple until all TV's get built in wifi.WHAT I DON'T LIKECamera: My galaxy Note 2 had zero shutter lag. this one has an annoying delay and is a step backwards despite its higher resolution.Polish software: We buy unlocked phones to avoid pre-installed software. My phone is apparently from Poland as stated in the paper. I find this kind of shady and wish I was told before buying it. HOWEVER, this software can actually be uninstalled! Unlike carrier software that may not be erased, I was actually able to remove the Polish applications without a root.S-Voice: this program is more than just a shameless knock off, it actually slows the phone down. I was upset before because my phone was so laggy. I disabled S-Voice, rebooted my phone and saw a substantial improvement.Samsung Bloat: Although Tocuhwiz is better than stock android, they are putting too much software on their phones. I wouldn't mind this if they were removable, but they are not. Many of their programs have better open alternatives. Also, if you travel internationally, Samsung is very strict on checking your sim card to assess what region you are in. This could be Samsung's eventual downfall. They need to make these apps open to all carriers and even competitors phones.Google Wallet DOES NOT WORK. Google is very strict with their wallet application, I have a Korean Galaxy Note 2 and now a Polish (International) Galaxy S4. Google wallet won't work with either even though they both contain NFC chips. Even putting American sim cards in the phones will not help. My Nexus 4 worked perfectly. So, I guess google can limits their applications by phone model. If Google Wallet is a must, skip this phone.CONCLUSION:I hate Stock android. I've had a nexus 4 and nexus 7. I love Touchwiz. I have had a galaxy s2, Note 2, and now S4. I chose this phone over the Google Play version because it's close in price, and Touchwiz is better. I work in Korea and Koreans are really good at making things that are practical to use. Stock android feels incomplete. It's mainly for developers that want to mess around with Android. If you don't want to develop, root, unlock then do yourself a favor and don't get stock android phones.I highly recommend most people to STOP doing contracts and just buy a phone outright. I have much experience in my career in many different countries around the world.These phone contracts are really really awful. This is my first time swallowing my own advice, and I don't regret it at all.
chose this rate because the product is excellent and I liked it because it is promoted and recommend it to everyone
I love all the features in the phone. I love the big screen, you feel so awesome. The delivery was quick and I would recomment it to anyone who wants a Unlocked phone.
The cell is awesome... samsung really get improved with this S4.... iphone5 has no chance, don`t have a half of the atributes of S4...
Great phone. Delivery was as predicted. Phone came in it's original box, factory unlocked and brand new. Headphone quality is very bad compared to the iphone. Battery live not as expected but make sense with the big display. Love it.
I've been working with this phone for about a month now. I'm using it in Afghanistan on "3G" (highly doubt it's actually 3G) so I can't vouch for it's mobile download speeds. 99% of the time I use wifi. The screen is the best I've seen of ANY mobile device, including my GF's iPad 4 with the retina display. It's been fast at everything it does, gaming, apps, etc. Can't wait to try it out on some 4G when I get back to the states.
excellent product very satisfied Cart
everything perfect!
I like this cellphone. It works as I expected without any problem. All taken pictures are clair.
Muy Bueno
good as I expected. And a good deal
Excellent
Thank for this item i am very happy, 100 % recommended
excellent. I get that pedi. Thank you. I recommend and would return them to buy . I'm very happy .
The phone, small computer does more than I can do, so there will be a learning curve here. Thank you.
The i9505 samsung galaxy s4 in the description says unlocked, international and did not work for the sim from my country (mexico), does not work for you telcel network (UMTC). connector to charge the cel is European.
The wife has really fallen in love with this after having the i phone before this phone. We are very pleased.
I needed this unlocked phone before a move to Europe after my previous phone was stolen. Seller was responseive to my e-mails, expeditied shipping, and I got it the afternoon of my departure. Phone works great in Europe on cell or WiFi networks, and I couldn't be happier.
No trouble so far
Good
perfect, just as advertised
well all telephone, sending was a success, 5 star, I recommend
Perfect for me
excelente
good
I enjoyed the product
Great, good quality product and I love it. I will be ordering this again in the future.
Excellent
thank you very well
Excelent!!!
Phone was as expected.
I love this phone 5 stars
Very good
Its the perfect phone. The only thing that I have to say is that they send me the updated model that is the I9506, and not the I9505 as the Amazon page says. The model is international and has a better processor and better graphic board that the advertised, I was very happy with this, but a sad thing is that this model is a litle more difficult to root, but this is a problem only for the geeks.
very good
More than a month have passed and I'm still very happy with my phone. It made my life much easier.
Very good product, only thing that it comes with all menu on French... I don't understand French, and the phone comes with Fr software too, that is not so pleasant, so I had to change it, but rest works perfectly good
The best phone by far, love it, camera is great, better than 3s. I use in in Tanzania, it works well, Thanks.
I bought it on the recommendation of a friend and I dont regret it.And now I would recommend everyone to buy it...
I love the galaxy s4 its all what I expected in a new phone and more. But if you activate all the features your battery will not last long.The camera takes high quality pictures way better than the I phone. The screen is big and clear.
It is indeed the International SGS4. Works like a charm, and it an amazing phone. Warning though, the one we ordered was originally made for France. Came programmed to in French, with French apps that we can't use in America, and a little sticker on the back for the French cell service provider "Orange." Either way, it wasn't a big inconvienience. It also had instructions to change it back to English. Great phone, highly recommended!!
This Samsung S4 is one of the greatest phone i have had. it works perfect on every aspect. The reason why I give it a 4 is that it is slow when i use the phone for a while without restarting it. I guess there might be too much application running in the background. But this did not happen with my Samsung Note 2 I had before.
i love it, the best cellphone in the world...you guys can improve the amount of hours the battery,thanks,Daniel Oliveira.
Everyone knows this phone. It's simply awesome by its many features... Congratulations Samsung, for this awesome phone. The only thing i don't like is the fact that samsung don't have a octa-core LTE...
This phone has a lot of features and is simply awesome. There's not much to talk about it, because everyone knows it, the shipping was fast. Rather expensive but I personally think it's worth it.
This is my first Samsung love it, shipping was super fast. The phone is amazing, I have one complain. The charger need and adapter and some application are in germane.
Everything arrived for me as planned and on time.I really recommend that for everyone.The product was in perfect state.
I ordered an unlocked phone because I did not want to be tied to a single phone company, and moreover I do travel overseas from time to time. I have had bad experiences atempting to get other phones unlocked, both here in the US and in England. The 9505 is the S4 model sold by ATT and I therefore expected no problems in using it with ATT or T Mobile.When I unpacked the phone imagine my surprise to discover that it had come from Germany and that it was configured in German. It was easy to reconfigure for English but there are a number of applications in German that of course stayed in German and to me are not usable. The other issue is that the phone will not work in LTE mode, and to be fair to the vendor this (and only this) was declared. This is something to do with frequencies used in the US. However the phone does run in H+ mode at 5.3 Mb/s which is more than adequate. I have no regrets with my decision albeit the German was a bit of putting at first. I think the vendor, Global Mobile and or Amazon should give a paragraph explaining the German and the absence of LTE. My limited research suggests that at this time H+ is faster than LTE but may not be in the unknown future.
It's a better machine than an Iphone, but you will have to learn the functions, and is not as intuitive as an Iphone, you will have to watch some tutorials in youtube.
I love this phone is very easy to use and has many practical applications, excellent digital images, recommend with eyes closed,
Perfect phone, the battery runs for about 26hours and gets down to 30% with a lot of chatting usage and bad cell covergae so thats a plus. play games seemlessly, the battery can withstand game usage for a while. the phone doesnt heat up too much with resource intensive apps (games). Overall its the perfect life companion.
This is a great phone but it's not factory unlocked. Every time when I turn on a phone, it shows swisscom logo. Phone is unlocked and I can use any sim card, but it's not factory unlocked as it says. other than that phone is great, and it's very fast. Keep in mind that you'll have only 9gb free space, because of samsung aplicatons, so you may consider a additional micro sim card.
I just connected my phone, its a good buy, i had no problems when i got to cell provider. I am getting use the apps and enoying my phone
Perfect! beautiful mint color.Case is great, and even more the screen protector: very easy to add and of great quality. The same with the jelly buttons.The bad point was that the S4, i bought was deffective ... (((( & i had to return it (((So i cant use it: Awesome.Thank you !
great
this proved out to be an awesome genuine new unlocked phone, have been using this for months now and works great with no performance issues so far nor with battery ! great buy !
I bought it for my sister who lives in Croatia, Europe. She loved it! It's very light, with a lot of cool features. Her kids especially liked the app deigned to change channels on TV :-)
excelente
Basically already producing cell phone companies not found to invent this team apart from having it provided most of the equipment brings certain details like the sensor to the eye, rather than this above the competition and which has ensured him greater share of sales in the market.
Slimmer than S3, lacks the FM radio, has some good improvements over the S3.The keyboard has the numeric row on top so you don't have to switch between ABC and 123Battery duration seems to be a little bit better.
Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4G/LTE Black SImple and Easy to use..- Simple, Slim and Super to use. Recommend to your friends too..
the phone is really good and it was exactly how I wanted.I didn't have any problem.Just I couldn't be at home shipping time and I had to go cargo place and it was so far from my home ,out of the city.I know the same company has many stores in town.Why did they choose that far place coudn't understand
This phone is super fast and has a very bright and clear screen. The battery life could be better but I am highly satisfied with this phone. Highly recommended!
very good, Thanks
excelente
EXCELENTE
Excellent!!!
Is very good.... better of i expect...
This phone is great, the phone meets all my expectations and the seller was credible.
Very nice
Excelent product
perfect
Chevre
GREAT PHONE... WORKING NICE
excelente
i am learning the features, camera is perfect with high definition, more function beyond my expectation, because i am abeginner, i need time to practice
Hi,The phone is definitely best in the market right now in terms of hardware and software specifications. Even better than Google's Edition of S4 I guess.Though I have given it 5 rating, still I find the phone heats up a lot. I returned the phone to my seller thinking there is some problem with the phone, and I got new phone from them and found this too heats up and eats the phone battery.If we eliminate the heating else everything is fantastic, very good for multitasking(allows to open two windows and video play, all at a time), gaming, streaming.
There isn't much to say from blackberry 9700 to a samsung galaxy s4... it's just 100000% better except for the battery life... I don't about you guys but I have to charge it twice a day but other than that it's a wonderful phone!!! I'm very happy
I think this mobile very good and recommend to many of my friends. I'm very happy with this acquisition. No more comments.
O Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4G/LTE Black Factory Unlocked é excelente! Um telefone repleto de recursos. Porém veio configurado em Francês e sem manual.
I love this phone ! Everything is amazing and working perfectly !! I bought mine from FGS Trading and it was perfect ! It comes with an adapter, and everything in box ! The box was not sealed, but everything inside was ok ! When I turned on it was on French, but it was easily to change ! I haven't tested the 4g in brazil, but it seems to be ok ! Recommended !
Battery life is excellent. Amazing features. Great for multitasking. Beautiful screen. Clear calls. Speakers sound great for a phone. Big screen. Pricey but worth it. Love it!
Just awesome! Huge battery, nice and huge screen and resolution, looks like delicate but its not, nice camera, etc, etc, etc.
I got the device as expected... device is very good initial experience with S4 is very nice and this is my first smart phone no comparisons.I got battery is very bad.. need to charge continuously...
This is an Orange France branded product so needs some adjustment to de-brand otherwise is unlocked and works with any SIM card.
In the first moment that I turn on the device, I fall in love with it. Great product and I hope it stay with me a lot of time. Thank you
One of my friends recommanded it .it has everything in it even more than what I need .But the only negative thing I feel it's so fragile comparing to iPhone .i think iPhone if u through it towards the wall it will never get broken .
i love this product. Sad that i never got to use it because the same day it arrived was the same day it was stolen. Wish I had the IMEI number on the box...that way i would have probably retrieved the phone. yea! but a good product, and i recommend.
Excellent product, arrived just on time and without any problems. So far the phone has worked perfectly in Colombia, even though I haven't tried it with 4G yet.
I bought it to my Girlfriend and she's in love with this phone, I have the same but in Black version. It came faster than we imagine and it's a very good product by Samsung and the Seller is 10.
This phone works on the Ting network but requires a sim card. The only issue is it has issues connecting to the 4G network sometimes.
muy bie
Fast, easy to use, intuitive and self-explanatory. Very easy to put music in it (it doesn't need go to a website to downwload music like the iSomethings) and connects easy via bluetooth with other devices except, off course, the apple's devices. It's worth it!!!
This phone so far has met expectations. It was a Christmas gift for my husband and I didn't know what to expect since I didn't open until he got it for Xmas. But the package came on time. The packaging was well done. The phone itself has worked really well. Haven't had any issues since I received it in December. It has not given problems with our network here where we live either.
excellent product, works very well with my preferred operator movistar, get everything right, everything in order, 100% recommended:unlocked, very well
It is an excellent phone, fast, safe and very friendly. you can install a variety of applications, games and other features.
Perfect nothing wrong 5 stars.my Samsung galaxy s4 is international version from (Orange) "France"when i boot it showing Orange logeafter update it's released
It's fast. Nice camera quality. The resolution of the screen is amazing. The S4 is a good partner but in my country the low coverage of my cell company makes diffcult to use the voice assistant, because it doesn't work if you are not connected
This was a gift for my wife, and so far has worked great with Telcel and Iusacell in Mexico. I received it on time and I'm glad to choose this seller.
MET DESCRIPTION AND I GOT IT ON TIME I REALLY WAS SATISFY AND HAPPY IT WAS THE WAY THEY DESCRIBE IT! THANKS
Great product. Just what I needed for my daily activities. Best camera that I have seen so far in any smartphone EXCELLENT Highly recommended! Very happy
EXCELLENT PRODUCT WILL RECOMMEND 100%.This was done everything went TIME NORMALLY, THE TELEPHONE HUNDRED PERCENT RECOMMENDED. VERY GOOD AFTERNOON. BYE
it was new ,arrives in perfect condition,It is very fast and big screen ,better than my old iphone 4s ok
4months down the line, so issues at all. It came as vietnamese version made for french market. But have it mind if doesnt pick up 4G in the USA.
excelent
all good, new equipment on hand, excellent packaging, delivery in record time
Phone freezes twice trying to end a call
original
it is great.
perfect
Everything was perfect.
Incredible, until now the person who I gave this mobile as a gift is very happy because its features satisfy all his needs. Regards!
The phone was exactly as advertised. It came in a timely fashion and works well
thank you very much the phone came to me in good conditions a little late but I'm very satisfied with the product , Greetings
This has been a great purchase! Got it switched over to my plan quickly with no problems. It has worked great!
OK
Excelente
love it
excellent
I love it
Excellent
excellent product
exelente producto
Excelente
Smartphone works with all lines in my country! very well!
excelente
Great product only had to change the battery after a year
Excellent
Chevere
Thank you very much , pleased with everything
Excelente!!!
friendly(bought it for my parents)easy to usework fastgood big screengood battery lifecons- lack of hebrow in this version,need upgrading
Excellent cell phone it is exactly what I wanted and I would recommend to my friends or maybe someone else
I ordered a Samung Galaxy Smartphone through Crocodhill. It was at a very fair price and was to be sent from abroad - which made sense since I wanted global ready and unlocked. Unfortunately, US Customs wouldn't let it across the border. Crocodhill notifed me instantly and provided a full refund.
received in excellent condition sin no problem thanks for Sale
love this phone works great just takes a while to charge while using the wifi and stuff but say whats is a powerful phone with a powerful process for a cellphone so its expected can't get both sides of the cake ... although wished there was a way to manually adjust the phones power consumption
It's the best of all phones so wat are u wanting go get your now now now now come on
works fine in st.lucia, french version though. It came unlock and my is compatible with my 4g provider limeWorth the money
I love it . Its incredible easy to use and very ftiendly. No need to have a s5, ha ha
fast shipping I am very happy with that phone. Fast and reliable good looking. The phone is amazing fast and the pictures are beautiful also the recording is awesome. Very pleased with the purchase.
The phone is an Asia version. 4G LTE does not work in US. So check the frequency band with your cellular company before buying
Really good phone in all aspects, performs better than espected and the battery is ok, it last one full day of usage.
arrived intact and works perfectly on my computer Venezuela, shame that came with the logo of tmobile, but it's a good product and is intact
Well, you can't for more with this phone.Especially if you're and Android enthusiast, it'll run at least 4 more versions of the OS with the development of course not with Samsung.
I love my this marvel! Is like having a powerfull machine in your pocket.The battery life is outstanding and it overpass the still perfect Galaxy S4.The best cellphone out there right now, without doubts !
This is a great phone. It is packed with a lot of features and I really like the flexibility adding and removing apps on the android O/S.
Excellent, its the Best smartphone ever... If i have to do it again i would not have any doubts. Samsung and android are the greatest
This new PDA of mine is doing everything that i was wanting it. Only pain point is battery gets drained out fastly..
Is a great phone, brand new, arrived on time. Works perfectly good. Im very happy with my purchase. Thanks a lot
It did not take long for me to become a former Apple fan. After a few minutes exploring this fantastic phone I realized how much time and money I wasted on iPhones. I simply cannot understand why people say this phone feels cheap. Anything else I would say about this phone has already been said so I just wanted to say Apple fans should not be afraid to try a different platform especially if it is one that will give you the freedom you deserve for an expensive item.
This is a short review since we all know about the S4 itself.I ordered my own from Worldwide Distributions and I had no problems at all. Phone was delivered on time and in excellent condition.The phone is great, with a superb screen (Bright and Clear)The phone comes with 16GB internal storage and has microSD expansion.The back is a fingerprint and scratch magnet (not like the previous Galaxy models, but still manageable)Honestly if you want to know something specific to this phone just write or email me a message and I will be happy to respond.Enjoy....
I bougth this phone to replace my Galaxy S3 and so far I am very impressed with it. Has a lot of extras that are fun to try and use, I specially like the watch on function and use my phone as a Remote control for my TV's and Sky Set top-boxes. I definitely let go all my remotes. :). Display and Sound are way better than the S3, battery life is good, apps run very fast. Very pleased with this purchase.
Excelent. Works perfectly, nice device, got it on time and seems to me as the best in the market. It's highly suggestable.
Excellent seller, fulfilled on time and product quality.He fulfilled all my expectations, would recommend.The product is excellent.End.
I am in love this cellphone! I don't think I will change my mind about it. Recommended to everybody. Samsung keeps surprising me.
Took me a while to decide but I opted for the 9505 instead of the 9500. Development is greater for the 9505. Even if the 9500 inches in with just a little more power, my brother has the i9500 and it's harder on the battery than my 9505
I liked it, but I didn't the best point because the language is not complete portugues brazilian, for exemple, the keyboard is not portuguese, only chinese and english.
I have to give this 50 thumbs up product flawless,I had a Lil problem with the a part of the charger that was missing and they responded right,their service is awwwweessoommeee I would but my newfrom them if it was being sold lol. Excellent jobs guys thank a mill
This phone is one of samsungs best product yet iPhone,nokia, illumina, htc or anyother android phone can not compare loving it
nice phone for a compact smart phone , screen is big, but one do lot of stuff with it, overall good satisfaction
The phone came just in time, everything is alright, came with all the accessories and it's brand new. S4 rocks, way better than iphone!!!! 5 stars, I'm very satisfied.
Excellent
PERFECT
Very good product, I recommend purchase, works very well in Venezuela
Happy with it
Great phone, but careful if rains and get wed because this is not water resistent
Everything ok
Very satisfied with the device.
WORKS PERFECTLY
The phone is great, however, the i9505 seems to have a quirk where you cannot get back to the accounts. This is on 4.4 thru 5.0.1 on 6 different firmwares. CM thru 13 always works. By backing off the Google Play update, the problem goes away.
I am truly happy with this phone
Love my phone. Exactly as described.
Excelente selle recommende 100%.
Excelente 100%
3 years later and time to replace.
ok
"Excelente "
i buy 2 of these serie, and are very good, oh and it works in Venezuela without problem
excellent item description and fast shipping.
Just got this phone and it works great
This phone works well in the Caribbean on my LIME (Cable and Wireless) network. It's fast and really good for gaming.
Excellent Product
Awesome phone, I changed my iphone for this Samsung and I can say I will never go back to Apple again on a phone. Big difference and very easy to use. I have had this phone for almost 2 years now and it has not failed at all. It is a bit slow now but this iis because i have a lot of pictures.
On time delivery and it was as described. No unexpected surprises.
Still performing great. Have used it to travel to over five countries. All that is required is get a SIM card from your host country and a carrier of your choice. You are ready to go! No additional programming required!
very good.
The phone met my expectations but not until I figured out how to stop the camera's auto focus from delaying too long. I bought this phone mainly for the camera which is great.
I like so much.
exelente
excellent
Excelente
Bueno
Works perfectly
Bought it for my Jewel and she love it.
This was my first smartphone. The only negative things I could say about it is that all of the additional software that Samsung places on it take half of your storage for apps but you can still use microSD cards for large files. The one I recieved was the German model so it came with the adapter to use standard US outlets but every time I updated the OS 3 apps totally in German kept reappearing so I just had to uninstall them. All around great phone with beautiful screen.
EXCELLENT
Works perfect in India with vodafone connection and found good compatibility with frequency and also would work well with other connections. However, there is heating up of the mobile with little use. Any one can suggest any thing to help alleviate the said problem of heating up? Rest is the best handset. Camera is excellent one. I would recommend it to buy. gave 4 star as it heats up with some use. Battery is good as well. However, did not get an original charger (rather a chinese make second company charger which takes more time to recharge).
Excelent
GREAT PHONE
i an love
Excellent 100% recomended.
exelente
Excellent
excellent
My last great phone was a Samsung Galaxy S3. Compared to the latest and "greatest" (in my case the HTC One M8 and Sony Xperia Z3) this phone is the hands-down winner. Better cameras, better interface, removable battery and SD memory, excellent basic phone capabilities and a superior user experience. I wasn't even slightly interested in the Galaxy 6, and I paid 1/3 the price. Documentation entirely in Polish, but who reads that stuff, anyway?
I am 100% satisfied
Great phone I'm coming from a nexus 4 that was the replace for a galaxy note and was a huge let down, so I wanted to buy again samsung, this phone is everything I expected from a samsung better than my note, maybe in 3 years I would buy a s6 when it's price drops.
good
BUENO
Excelent
bien
Pros: Fast shipping 2-3 day shipping information is correct. All accessories came with it. Good shapeCons: CPU gets HOT fast if you get large Apps that re-opens all the time.
Excelentt
Still using mine after about 2 years now, works great, only issue is battery was dying but it's expected and I'm surprised it lasted this long. Recently replaced the battery and now it's fine.
excellent
very nice phone I love Samsung Galaxy
Excellent item
I found the product excellent
bueno
Nice
The phone works great but noticed a few issues. I noticed that the battery sometimes have issue charging, I find I have to clean the ports often to get it to charge properly. If cleaning the ports didn't work i sometimes remove the battery for a few hours. When I turn on the phone the flashlight turns on, the only way to turn it off is by restating the phone. (I haven't installed a flashlight app to help w this issue). The charger says it's a 2.0 amp but it charges slower than my other 2.0 amp chargers. Other then that great phone.
excellent article
Awesome, simply put. Quality and features are amazing. The only thing that's keeping me from rating it 5 stars is that it comes with the samsung chinese ime keyboard and as you may have guessed you can change the language, choose a different keyboard or install a third party keyboard like swipe or swiftkey....BUT for using system applications like the S Health, when you want to search for foods to add to your diet and look for calories, etc. the search engine and dictionary are in chinese! You can't change the settings from the S Health or the settings of the phone. It comes with the firmware and the chinese ime keyboard can not be unchecked, disabled or deleted in any way that doesn't involve rooting your phone or installing another firmware. For everything else, it works like a charm.If I had written this review one week ago, I would have given it 5 stars, but just this week I was starting to use S Health and came across this issue that doesn't seem to have a standard solution. It's not about settings.
This phone meet my expectations. I have been using the phone for two months and I have not had any problem with it
i do love the phone, just as stated in review. Love it, works better than i thought it would. Very happy
Excellent excellent article, very practical, very fast modern yy. From all points of view is excellent I recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing it
excellent product
Great product. Just what I needed for my daily activities. Best camera that I have seen so far in any smartphone
perfect
excellent
Excellent product. Good quality
Supper !!!!!!!!!!!!
Supper !!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this for my husband he loves it.
gift for nephew
The cell phone but they send to me has a 9GB of internal memory and the cell phone i liked it is the 16GB
All ok
exec
excelente
Excellent The Phone is korean. ??
Camera blurry sometimes but apart from that it's still working fine.
awesome i recommend this product! i bought two of these and are working perfectly.
I am enjoy whit my smartphone, excelent seller, thank you for all...
excellent
Excellent product.
Excellent
Excelente
All fine, thanks you, very much...
Good phone, just doesn't work with Verizon
Fine
Excellent. No regrets at all
Arrived on time and works perfectly after a year
Nice
excellent product very good quality, recommended, fast shipping and in perfect condition
Works perfectly.
I love it...Screen is marvelous. I had another Samsung device so syncing the new one was piece of cake, actually it downloaded all the apps I had on previous device. Camera takes beatiful pictures, even on low light. It has so many flashy features that I am surprised...The only thing I do not like is its battery consumption, standingby it barely uses battery but once you start to use it (on facebook, youtubr, Whatsapp, etc.) it drains the battery in a few hours.
I have been using this over a year now and it has worked great. Be aware, this comes with the international 220 volt charging plug.
Love it
VERY HAPPY
excellent
good
Excelent! I just love it
Product is really good. But I had order and return a device to get a fully functioning device. The first device had a speaker problem.
100% recommended seller , excellent products and full responsibility , five star , excellent quality.
An amazing product. Attend every expectations and have much more. A liked very much and enjoy a lot every day.
I was in doubt between this and the iPhone 5 and I choose this. It was worth it. And as I live in Brasil I can still use the LTE. I have never thought that I would prefer a galaxy instead than a iPhone. This phone is great.
its very bright, very easy to useI'm very Happylove the translatorlove the camerai'm stil learning to use the S4
The best phone / computing platform ever.Love it - great hardware but it's the sw/ and apps that makes it so great.
excellent product
It is fast, thin and the touch screen is really nice. The screen produces amazing images. All new things comparing to S3 works.Negative point: the phone gets a little hot just surfing the web.
everyhing on this device is amazing.Just buy it, you wont have regrets.Its for everyone, specially bussiness people. Tks.
Its all kind of subjective but I will say that I am really liking this phone. Disclaimer: It is my first smartphone. I don't use every feature as doing so would mean a larger drain on the battery but I'm about 6 weeks in, so far so great!
The phone is great and it works perfectly. Its unlocked but its not factory unlocked.Mine it was from a france carrier, Orange, and it was unlocked.Beside of that I have no complain, the phone its good and it works fine.Thanks
Do not have any doubt, the S4 is the best mobile avaliable. It is just brilliant.Light, fast, bright and with a lot of features that no one else has.Thanks again, Samsung!!
This is a very high tech phone.....Its easy to use and has a sleek look that you want....This phone is highly recommended by me...
Great phone ! i always liked samsung products. i have try many other like Iphone Motorolla atrix ect... but this S4 is just great !
The screen is amazing! Very confotable to read and navegate online. The touch screen is much more powelfull and is not heavy at all...
excelente
100% excelente
I bought this phone for my sister in law.She leaves in Brazil. And so far the phone is working. She is very happy with the purchase. We recommend. It works great over sea.
bien
I've had this phone for a year and all I can say is that it is awesome. I bought an unlocked phone to use overseas. This will not work with Verizon because this is GSM and Verizon is CDMA. Buy it, you'll like it.
Formidable smart phone, I prefer this model above my Blackberry Z10 and my ipphone 4S
Recomendado 100%
MUY BUEN PRODUCTO
excellent
GREAT!!!!!
Is a Fantastic phone....very fast, the pictures are excelent, a brilliant display too, and LTE is very quickly to download
nice set up easy to use. Graphics incredible. Does everything fast and well. I got protector case to keep it safe
Attend my expectations! So fast and so clean the interface. It is fast, but with some application it warms up.
i bought this phone for my brother overseas... i can't talk much about it but all i know, he is happy with it...
It is as good as they announced.We got it from the French operator ORANGE, so after a week developed a weird freez problem in calls, but it solved a week later after an actulization.
Good job done. I enjoy it. WELL DONE. Continue doing that there will be a good market for u. THANX
I totally recomend you this cellphone. Maybe it's kinda expensive, but its worth it. Seller did great. And sent the product at time
the phone is really good, loaded with features & best part is i can use it internationally. the battery life should improve
I'm from Brazil and the fact that this Galaxy S4 be an international version is very good due to the 4G frequencies in my country.Another very important fact is the inumerous functions of this phone, everything you want in a smartphone today he has!
I likeso far I can say that I agree, it is fast and has good features.complications had to load some email accounts (since the Samsung customer service people told me that it was not possible to load this type of account, look on my own and discovered how to achieve it).the camera is very good excellent
Quick in response, many useful features and several battery saving features that really work. I am very happy with the purchase.Maravilhoso! Rápido na resposta, muitas funcionalidades úteis e vários recursos de economia de bateria que funcionam de verdade. Estou muito feliz com a compra.
so since i was suppose to buy an S4, did, and returned it. i have had this since and just want my S4.
First phone that i buy on Amazon and its a really good phone. No complains about it at all except for the charger and the US adapter. Bought another original charger and now all that is fixed, the device runs smooth and i can multi-task really well with it. I have had it for 17 days now and i haven't got tired of it, most likely i never will. It does require alot of care if your always pulling the phone out of your pocket to check for messages or any notifications, i dropped it once and it landed on rocks and shattered the glass but luckily it was the Glass tR Slim screen protector that saved it. Not a big deal because it can always be replaced for $30 instead of paying a whole lot more for fixing shattered glass from the device.
I received this in a perfect condition. Just to inform others even if it says 16GB the OS and itself takes a lot of space making the usage storage only ~9GB. I did a firmware upgrade on this phone and since then my back and left buttons are automatically getting active and glow sometimes. So when that happens i have to wait for like a minute or two and then it functions normally. (My version is international, made in vietnam). I will most likely visit a samsung store to get a reflash to fix this or else I am returning it back to amazon.Instead of showing 4G it showed H+ for Tmobile prepaid plan of 50$ in chicago, but the speed is decent and I could easily watch videos on youtube via the phone. The product is good and I liked it but i faced so many difficulties
Pros:- Awesome camera;- Everything flows super well;- Best keyboard EVER. It is super easy to type;- Best screen I've seen (good resolution and good size)Cons:- For almost 700 dollars, it looks that the phone will break at any time. The quality is far from being the best. It looks like a toy...- It gets hot easily
very good phone.thin, fast, light, high resolution screen, good camera!only small problem is that it becomes warm-hot sometime.still trying to figure out how to use eye or hand to control the scrolling.
Very good seller, send me as it was delivered as described and as expected time. I've already had a Samsung S3 but S4 is better and more quickly to work with. Galaxy S4 is the best...
Great! The new cell works perfectly and is updated. I had no problems in Brazil to configure and isntal it
Excellent phone ,fast,light and good size screen. I love it.It is better than faster than iPhone.Get the one with the LTE.
Highly recommended. I did have to go on Youtube to find out how to adjust the language so it would be in English. Undoubtedly you will run across some features you are not familiar with so just get online a figure it out. I purchased the unlocked with Straighttalk. Requires some work and research to configure and make compatible, but it is well worth it.
the celeular meets my expectations have caracterçisticas quality and offered at the website. I'm satisfied and happy with the product quality
item was as described
After more than 3 years I am very pleased with the phone.
excellent, works perfectly
excellent product recommend it 100%
Totally recommended
excellent product arrived on time and is like new, everything works perfecto.muy happy
Its awesome! It met my expectation. I like it so much. keep it up. sumsung is ma choice to other phones
The phone is in a new condition and just like in the product description. Shopping with you is a pleasure.
In general i can tell that this Cell phone is the best than I have had. So is recommended to everyone that wants great functionallity on a smartphone
So far its great. Way better than an iphone. Very fast, great screen, light, expandable storage is a great feature
it has a lot of functionallitys that i didn't expect. Is very usefull for my job. The photo and video camera, replace my camera.
I really recommend the Samsung Galaxy S4 GT-I9505, because there are many features available and it exceeded all my expectations.
EXCELENTE.!!
Always a quality product with no issues and a good Seller.
Excelent phone
all excelent, thank you
Good product. I received what I bought. I recommend ...
Superb!
"Amazing experience with the seller. Item arrived ahead of schedule and was exactly what we asked for. Thanks!"
I love this phone is very easy to use and has many practical applications, excellent digital images, recommend with eyes closed,
Perfect phone, the battery runs for about 26hours and gets down to 30% with a lot of chatting usage and bad cell covergae so thats a plus. play games seemlessly, the battery can withstand game usage for a while. the phone doesnt heat up too much with resource intensive apps (games). Overall its the perfect life companion.
This is a great phone but it's not factory unlocked. Every time when I turn on a phone, it shows swisscom logo. Phone is unlocked and I can use any sim card, but it's not factory unlocked as it says. other than that phone is great, and it's very fast. Keep in mind that you'll have only 9gb free space, because of samsung aplicatons, so you may consider a additional micro sim card.
I just connected my phone, its a good buy, i had no problems when i got to cell provider. I am getting use the apps and enoying my phone
Perfect! beautiful mint color.Case is great, and even more the screen protector: very easy to add and of great quality. The same with the jelly buttons.The bad point was that the S4, i bought was deffective ... (((( & i had to return it (((So i cant use it: Awesome.Thank you !
great
this proved out to be an awesome genuine new unlocked phone, have been using this for months now and works great with no performance issues so far nor with battery ! great buy !
I bought it for my sister who lives in Croatia, Europe. She loved it! It's very light, with a lot of cool features. Her kids especially liked the app deigned to change channels on TV :-)
perfect
Well packed and on time delivery. The reason for four stars is that I US plug converted I received didn't fit properly. Except that, no complaints about the product.
Good product.,ll love it everyone.
WooCommerce
Excellent
Experience was good
I bought this device 10th of May after less than two weeks from its official release. I am sure others review it much better than me, but I will tell you three key points that make me very happy with it. First the S4 has a 5 inch screen that did not affect the size and was brilliantly engineered. Second I love that my I9505 supports 4g LTE, internet speed is great. The last issue is that battery last longer than my previous phone. And I love the S view flip cover , very smart idea .all in all it worth the money, congratulations Samsung for your continous progress in all your products.
I just got mine last week. Im not gonna talk about specs since you probably already know them.I got it on time , sealed even with the security sticker and everything.I am currently in Colombia I just popped my sim in and it worked instantly.Its the best phone out there.
Even though it doesn't look as elegant and rich as the HTC One, It is indeed more useful with the amazing features and the fast processor. It is very nice. Worth every Quarter of a penny!The motion features run smooth with a little bit of practice.HTC One vs S4The only thing which is highlighted in HTC One is the built quality and the camera.The S4 too has a nice camera but a poor built quality. It makes up because of a bunch of features
Fantastic Mobile and it`s better than Iphone 5 with 13MP camera sothat it is very nice mobile.I am very proud because i am the first one in the world get it.
perfect and best phone lookwise till features they are providing. I would recommend this phone v/s iP5i'm loving it
My new Samsung Galaxy S4 GT-I9505 Factory Unlocked International Smartphone is everything that the company said it would be and much more. Great fit & finish as well. I am Very Pleasantly surprised. Thanks "Samsung" and "New Generation Products."
There a ton of reviews on this phone, so I will just explain why I chose this. Skip to the bottom if you want to know what I don't like.1st, don't believe what cnet or other sites tell you. It will always be cheaper in the end if you buy a phone unlocked. I pay 30 bucks a month for unlimited text and data with t mobile.I only get a hundred minutes, but let's be real. Free calls can be made with many Voip apps. Also, you have the freedom to use this on any GSM networks. I travel a lot, so this will save me lots of cash.2nd, I had a nexus 4. However, the stock android platform is cheap, ugly and not so user friendly.I have big hands, so my thumb always went to the home screen when trying to press the space bar. This is a boon to anyone, let alone those with sausage fingers like myself. Touch wiz has a button on the android task manager that closes all program. For stock android, you need to swipe each program out. It's a minor annoyance that adds up. It's even more frustrating that this could be a simple fix. There are all kinds of tricks that make navigating touchwiz much better than stock. If you plan on using a launcher, this probably won't matter as much to you. I used launchers in the past, and they don't really compare to built in software in my experience.3rd, better quality. This cost more than twice as much as the nexus 4. You get what you pay for! This has 16gb built in. Nexus 4 base version is 8. This has a removable batter and memory expansion slot.The battery on this lasts much longer than Nexus 4. This is impressive because of the 1080p resolution compared to the nexus 4 720p. Removing the Sim card from the Nexus 4 was a big pain. This one has an eject slot within the phone.4th, LTE. I don't know how good this works because t mobile doesn't have good lte in my area. But I like to know that it's there. Some people will say you can hack the Nexus 4 for LTE, but I don't know how true that is and not all of us have the time to spend troubleshooting this.MOST SURPRISING FEATURE: The IR port for using your phone like a remote. I'm not into TV, but I tested this out and it's kinda awesome.... It shows me a list of shows on, i tap the picture and it automatically goes to the channel. The days of flipping to find what you want are over. This works nicely with Comcast cable boxes and most televisions. I'm sure it works well with other cable boxes. I think this feature is gonna be a staple until all TV's get built in wifi.WHAT I DON'T LIKECamera: My galaxy Note 2 had zero shutter lag. this one has an annoying delay and is a step backwards despite its higher resolution.Polish software: We buy unlocked phones to avoid pre-installed software. My phone is apparently from Poland as stated in the paper. I find this kind of shady and wish I was told before buying it. HOWEVER, this software can actually be uninstalled! Unlike carrier software that may not be erased, I was actually able to remove the Polish applications without a root.S-Voice: this program is more than just a shameless knock off, it actually slows the phone down. I was upset before because my phone was so laggy. I disabled S-Voice, rebooted my phone and saw a substantial improvement.Samsung Bloat: Although Tocuhwiz is better than stock android, they are putting too much software on their phones. I wouldn't mind this if they were removable, but they are not. Many of their programs have better open alternatives. Also, if you travel internationally, Samsung is very strict on checking your sim card to assess what region you are in. This could be Samsung's eventual downfall. They need to make these apps open to all carriers and even competitors phones.Google Wallet DOES NOT WORK. Google is very strict with their wallet application, I have a Korean Galaxy Note 2 and now a Polish (International) Galaxy S4. Google wallet won't work with either even though they both contain NFC chips. Even putting American sim cards in the phones will not help. My Nexus 4 worked perfectly. So, I guess google can limits their applications by phone model. If Google Wallet is a must, skip this phone.CONCLUSION:I hate Stock android. I've had a nexus 4 and nexus 7. I love Touchwiz. I have had a galaxy s2, Note 2, and now S4. I chose this phone over the Google Play version because it's close in price, and Touchwiz is better. I work in Korea and Koreans are really good at making things that are practical to use. Stock android feels incomplete. It's mainly for developers that want to mess around with Android. If you don't want to develop, root, unlock then do yourself a favor and don't get stock android phones.I highly recommend most people to STOP doing contracts and just buy a phone outright. I have much experience in my career in many different countries around the world.These phone contracts are really really awful. This is my first time swallowing my own advice, and I don't regret it at all.
chose this rate because the product is excellent and I liked it because it is promoted and recommend it to everyone
I love all the features in the phone. I love the big screen, you feel so awesome. The delivery was quick and I would recomment it to anyone who wants a Unlocked phone.
The cell is awesome... samsung really get improved with this S4.... iphone5 has no chance, don`t have a half of the atributes of S4...
Great phone. Delivery was as predicted. Phone came in it's original box, factory unlocked and brand new. Headphone quality is very bad compared to the iphone. Battery live not as expected but make sense with the big display. Love it.
I've been working with this phone for about a month now. I'm using it in Afghanistan on "3G" (highly doubt it's actually 3G) so I can't vouch for it's mobile download speeds. 99% of the time I use wifi. The screen is the best I've seen of ANY mobile device, including my GF's iPad 4 with the retina display. It's been fast at everything it does, gaming, apps, etc. Can't wait to try it out on some 4G when I get back to the states.
This phone is great, the phone meets all my expectations and the seller was credible.
Very nice
Excelent product
perfect
Chevre
GREAT PHONE... WORKING NICE
excelente
It's great. ..I like a lot this phone.Cheers for Samsung Galaxy S4..kisses from Europe,EUeveryone should buy ..
It's a great phone. The screen is big with a real colors. It have a good speed in open the apps. Isn't LTE in USA and in another countries like Venezuela with have only 1 operator with LTE but they not offers this plan with another mobiles whats they don't sell
The technology and sophistication on this phone exceeded my expectations. I'm using it in Trinidad and it works perfect. As stated in the product description, there is no english manual. Totally in love
Bought this to replace an old bb torch. A bit of a learning curve as it's so different from a blackberry, but now I don't know why I went so long before jumping to an android phone.The phone was exactly as described and works on my network (bell).
Battery was first rate (lasted well over a day). However I recommend you to buy an extra battery if you are going for a weekend and planning to take a lot of pictures as well as use the phone for navigation.Phone have fallen down 1 or 2 times still no issues. Glass is scratch-resistant and looks good so far. Been using it for 2 months and I cannot find a single fault with it so far. May be its only fault is that it is not an iPhone, but me being an anti-apple product guy, couldn't be any more happier.
all very well as indicated thanks for everything hope to continue buying soon. the team works very well and arrived with all its accessories
Although it says unlocked is not completely. I had to pay a little bit in order to be able to use it in Latin America but it worked great! no complains
buy this phone for my niece and she loves it is a beautiful machine and has everything she needs to stay in touch with friends do not want to let go, I recommend it is wonderful
Everything it's good the phone works really good and all is fine except that the phone came in french i know i can change it (like i did) but besides that all is good.
Excellent serious and responsible people highly recommend the product meets my expectations and requirements and packaging was adequate rate them as excellent.
This smartphone is a little rocket science. Full of options, very qualitative and also a good deliverance. I recommend it.
Excellent
thank you very well
Excelent!!!
Phone was as expected.
I love this phone 5 stars
Very good
Its the perfect phone. The only thing that I have to say is that they send me the updated model that is the I9506, and not the I9505 as the Amazon page says. The model is international and has a better processor and better graphic board that the advertised, I was very happy with this, but a sad thing is that this model is a litle more difficult to root, but this is a problem only for the geeks.
very good
The best cell phone I ever had. I love it.Works in my country without any problem. Im From Venezuela.
But for an international unlocked version to be sold with a French only instructions manual is not acceptable. The product is one of my best phones ever, but to get it with a single language manual and in French is just absurd. If one language only, than English would be the local one...
Love my new cell phone. It works great. Battery lasts long, and I hope it stays that way. Never turned off my phone since I bought it, and I haven't had any problem yet.
This phone is awesome! I wish that I could have had the phone but i bought it for my dad instead. I didn't want to let the phone go as i handed it over to him.
When I got my phone I was elated! And now that I have it and been using it all my expectations are met! Lovely phone, light and works very well!!! Great buy!!!
Product was delivered on time and as advertised. The vendor was obliging and helpful in answering queries about the product.Not clear if this phone is region locked (like S4 built after july 2013). Purchased in America and using it in central africa, and it seems to work.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE MY NEW CELL PHONE WELL PACKAGE AND IT WAS A NEW ONE.THANKS YOU AND WISH THE VENDOR GOOD LUCK IN THE FUTURE!!!
the best phone I've had personally recommended seller, the phone is quite fast in all its aspects, good quality images. happy with this purchase
Excellent appearance, very good camera,Easily operated. The white collour is beautiful!Yes, I would recomend it to a friend
Exelente telefono
No trouble so far
Good
perfect, just as advertised
well all telephone, sending was a success, 5 star, I recommend
Perfect for me
excelente
good
I enjoyed the product
Great, good quality product and I love it. I will be ordering this again in the future.
Everything in this product is great
It's a great smart phone to use.It is faster than the samsung galaxy s3.I like this mobile phone.Only thing is the charger is not a US model.
All that i was expenting. Its greate. It works like charm.I will buy more things to this guy. thanks
This is an excelent phone, unlocked and International, works in Brazil, I had no issues to activate it in my carrier
This is an excelent phone, unlocked and International, works in Brazil, I had no issues to activate it in my carrier
Love Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 2013 full HD Video/audio Large Screen easy to used. Have extra Micro SD card up to 32GB more features.
This phone is pure MAGIC! Charges very quickly and hold the charge too. Screen very colourful and bright like it should be. Loud sounds and music when listened out or with headphones. The features of this phone makes all other phones seem and in fact look like rubbish. Air view, gestures, the camera and all of those settings keep me happy. Separate from the apps that you can download all the features will keep you happy, satisfied, contented, busy, entertained for daaaaaaayyyyys. Its slim too and fits very well in the hand one or both. Typing is good too, a little bigger than the S3 but you don't really notice it. ITS VERY FAST TOO ABSOLUTELY NO DRAG. Having gone through the S2, S3 and now on to the S4 i'm very experienced with Samsung, Android and really appreciate this phone and all that it offers. The next BIG THING COULD BE IN YOUR HANDS TOO.
Such a nice phone, lots of new features that really entertains and educate. Apps are great as well! Excellent buy...highly recommended!
im a little bit unhappy cuz the price keep decreasing after I bought it, but it's a good phone and worth to buy
excellent product. I like the samsung galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4g/lte smartphone it has everything I need in a cellphone. works very good. awesome
It is indeed a factory unlocked galaxy s4 phone. It is brand new and in perfect condition. It came in the samsung box with charger, battery and headphones. The manual wasn't in english though but i was able to find one online easily. The wall charger has a european plug but luckily i had my own usb wall charger that i'm currently using with the usb cord. Love the camera, wifi connectivity and call quality. It has so many features i havent discovered them all as yet but it's definitely a great buy. The phone also arrived on time though it didnt ship till the second to last day of the delivery estimate.
It comes factory Unlocked, has Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor at 1.9Ghz quad-core, the difference with the i9500 model with the Exynos processor octa-cores at 1.6Ghz is not remarkable both works well.The difference is that this model can be connected to 2G/3G/HSDPA/4G/LTE networks, the model i9500 only be connected to 2G/3G/HSDPA networks.You can use this phone with any carrier in Venezuela, Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet 3G and 2G, to connect with Digitel GSM 4G/LTE, you should buy a USIM card.Works with Frequency (Mhz):2G/3G/HSDPA: 850/900/1900/21004G/LTE: 800/850/900/1800/2100/2600Movistar VE: 3G/HSDPA 1900MhzMovilnet: 3G/HSDPA 1900MhzDigitel GSM: 3G/HSDPA 900MHz; 4G/LTE 1800Mhz
Excellent
Thank for this item i am very happy, 100 % recommended
excellent. I get that pedi. Thank you. I recommend and would return them to buy . I'm very happy .
The phone, small computer does more than I can do, so there will be a learning curve here. Thank you.
The i9505 samsung galaxy s4 in the description says unlocked, international and did not work for the sim from my country (mexico), does not work for you telcel network (UMTC). connector to charge the cel is European.
The wife has really fallen in love with this after having the i phone before this phone. We are very pleased.
Bought the phone as a gift, very pleased with the phones overall quality. Takes great pictures, very light doesn't over heat
It's the best phone at the moment. Please dont hesitage to buy it! No regret! It's quite easy to use it.
I am in love. My only problems are that the manual is in Spanish and that the earphones are the plunge ones and go too deep on the ear.
I like the product, it works excelent until now.!I bought this cell phone for my girlfriend and she loved it
excelente!
i love my new phone...
gracias
Excelent
thanks
Excellent attention, product came without problems and in the dear time.
Perfecto
the best, the colors are wonderfull, I live in costa rica and use the phone without problems, is so fast and unlocked, just change the chip y begin good. I love this cellphone and the shipping was 4 days.
Samsung's flagship device is stunning. True tech fans rejoice at the extreme ease of use and customization. Those new to the smart phone world will encounter a smooth learning curve with the S4. The S4's trump card is the ability to customize your many notifications for you twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Whats app users. Along with Google's play store, you will have all the latest and useful apps on the market.
Great phone overall, always loved samsung devices, couple months in and still i cannot complain. Glad i made the purchase.
VERY GOOD.
Always Samsung brings us a very good product.I bought for my wife, to replace the old Galaxy S2.She uses this phone with Digitel and works fine.A year after the purchase the battery become to discharge very quickly, a new battery solves the problem
good product
Its works ver y well
my girl friend love it
Good
love it
Good in general words but I got an issue with the OS, maybe it wasn't downloaded to the devices as expeced but all sensors are not working at all. I will try to reload the OS and see if is not a hardware problem
I used to be a user of iphone, several things on apple was better. But when I updated my Iphone to IOS 8 +, my problems began to be more bigger. When people learn to use Android, is hard to back to IOS. First of all is the price; all of the phones android is too cheaper than Apple. Second the screen is bigger and more easy to manipulate it. This phone is amazingly faster than iphone 5s and 4s... The only cons is the phone sometime feels heat more than iphone...
Awesome phone would recommend
Great phone. I like it. Works great. purchased from "Open Group Wireless" merchant. Received i9505, as expected. Great seller.
EXCELLENT PRODUCTS
Excellent
Good!Thank you!
All Ok dont have problem with this produt, good material and all that published in your product in amazon, recommended
The phone let me speechless, it's just awesome, too many functions and gadgets, nice and smooth.Delivery was on time and was everything ok.I would recommend this product 5 stars!
I knew the s4 was the phone I wanted. I needed GSM quad-band factory unlocked for use with international pre-paid SIMs (specifically European and Asian in the near future). This is the right phone. This one was for my wife and I bought another one on Amazon for myself. The one I bought for myself was technically international, it does accept SIMs from South America, all over North America, and the Caribbean. However, that other one does not accept Asian or European SIMs. Be careful what you buy on Amazon I guess is the lesson learned. Other reviews on this phone seem to state they did not get what they expected from this vendor (T-Mobile unlocked rather than truly factory unlocked, etc.). I did get exactly what I needed from this vendor, however another failed me. So, again, buyer beware. Also, don't open your phone's box in the dark because you are so excited it has arrived :-) I did that with the Americas phone and am now stuck with it.However, just to reiterate, this phone is exactly what I wanted and fit the bill perfectly. My experience with this particular phone is completely perfect.
I'm so enamored, this will likely be a multiple update review.Unboxing: Phone, documentation (which was immediately tossed aside), head phones with different sized buds, A/C charger with EU adapter, and USB data/charging cable.Setup: I pulled all the fun clings off, opened the back (easy easy), slipped in the Etisalat (AF) SIM card and SanDisk 64gb microSD. Turned it on... didn't get the normal welcome screen where I get to choose the language. Maybe I was playing with something and missed it, wound up choosing some slavic language which a friend of mine was able to read. He also identified the "life companion" title on the lock screen as French. Got through the wifi log in, changed the language and logged into Google. Normal process from there.Speakers and microphone: The sound is pretty loud when it's turned up--I was actually startled at the notification of a message. The stock keyboard and I don't get along. My hands from base of palm to middle fingertip barely reach six inches/15 cm. This is a big phone. Love it to death, but the spacing of the stock keyboard means I wind up hitting B or N instead of the spacebar, even in portrait. Personal problem, I know. I had the phone on speaker when I called Etisalat to make sure the messages I get in the future are in English, they heard me and I heard them almost as clearly as if I were using the handset directly. The rep didn't even notice the generator running in the background.Camera: The camera works ok, there was a bit of fuzz on a still I took of a friend indoors. Admittedly, the lighting wasn't all that fantastic but I think it should've come out a little better. I'm coming from a Motorola RAZR Maxx HD. Technically speaking, this camera should make the one I'm used to go cry for mummy. I'll update later when I've used it more in different situations. 12/10/2013 Update: Camera works very well. I've taken many pictures in different lighting and all of them come out very well. It helps to not be too close to what you're trying to photograph. I used Skype to see if what I see on my screen is anything like what the other end sees. Called my friend on his Motorola RAZR HD and there was little degradation/fuzziness from me to him, but it seemed like normal conversion degradation.The hardware in general makes me a bit giddy. There was some semi glitching when opening the app drawer (which disappeared when I installed Google Edition 4.3) that may have something to do with all the pre-installed apps. Videos and off-screen goodness run smoothly. I'll post updates as nifty things come up.12/10/2013 Update: I've been able to see a movie, have apps update in the background and have a phone conversation at the same time without the movie picture stuttering. I can't play a movie and have apps update on other phones. The movie loses.I can't really provide good info on the stock interface/apps/whatever. I get irritated with carrier software and extras that are pushed on me, especially when I've bought a phone outright, without a contract. If you're not in love with the Samsung extras and don't rely on warranties, the folks at xda-developers have some very informative reading.
My Sweetie thinks I am the best for getting her this phone. There is nothing she does not like about it. She carries it in her Bosom, no kidding! Guess who is now a "Good doggie?" Meeeeee...!Yeahhhh!
I bought this mobile a few weeks ago and couldn't be happier with it. The 5' full hd display and the 13MP camera are just great. Sometimes I prefer to use the mobile to take a photo than my regular camera. I can't believe I still had doubts about switching from an Iphone to the S4. Now I recommend Galaxy S4 to everyone!!
Excelent product, It works perfectly, but you should know that the manual an initial languege is in france. but ita very easy to change it. unique problem the power conector is for europe. But any USB conector works
it is good
Excelente
The phone shipped fast and arrived as described
Excelente
Excellent seller good product the cellular one is a version of laitonamerica comes in Spanish language totally, good work very rapidly to use light it is an elegant good telephone and I recommend to the seller that agan his purchases with the recommended one 100 %
Apart for the fact that everything is written in French, everything is lovely!!It is an "international" phone, but why not in English
The product works really well.I have it for almost 5 months now and the battery is still perfect as at the beginning and I had no problem at all with this product.It came in german, but the seller sent instructions about how to set the language in english, and worked really well.I have no complains about this at all.And since it is unlocked I hope this works in Brazil.
very very goodgreat if you could add I would do ten star, really really good stuff ..goodexcellentvery good materialI recommend itI like his responsibilityThey are attentiverecommend the truth
I just connected my phone, its a good buy, i had no problems when i got to cell provider, good phone.
I really apreciate the purchase, it matches perfectly my expectations about the product, the shipment was fast, I received just in a while, price was good so I'm very satisfied with this purchase! The only exception was that the AC outlet is europpean, so I had to buy an adaptor. It wasn't described, but I should've know better since its an imported product!
new product as advertised, perfect! I really liked it and a new experience! Thank you. recommend with 100% success !
Works Perfect
Good
Perfect
Great!
i love the phone. everything was so quickly.Thanks
still pleased after 1 month of use. let's hope it keeps up.
great
Good phone love it
very good
Got new Samsung S4 but new battery is weak and i m charging twice a day...like this for its amazing features...
excelent
Great phone and it has all the features I was looking for. Easy to navigate, takes great pictures. No brainer
The phone is awesome!! I also own an iPhone 5 (have had one for the past 4 years) and the S4 puts it to shame, not only in terms of processing speed, but also screen quality. Though it is considerably bigger than the iPhone, its probably the maximum size phone I would ever have. There is one downside to this phone and it is the speed at which the screen adjusts from portrait mode to regular mode.Otherwise, the phone has exceeded my expectations by far!
Very elegant cell phone. Works perfectly. Unlocked for every phone company in Mexico. Hope to use it for a very long time. Perfect sound, reception and size.
Its nice one...really happy to possess it. I have ordered also a flip cover folio case and screen protector for it.
I love the phone.BUT when it arrived it opened in Chinese.I had no clue what to do.After guessing on getting through the opening screens I watched a YouTube video to find out where the language setting was.Once I clicked on English it changed rapidly.On starting up there was about 5 hours of updates using Wi-Fi.
The phone works as expected!
excelente
Very good
excellent
Nice
Not much to say about it that hasn't already been said, but I completely love this phone. It is truly amazing and really puts meaning into the "smart" part of smartphone.
Bought this for my son for his birthday for use in Jamaica. My son is absolutely enamoured with it. I bought a local sim card and it works. The features are fantastic. Thinking that I made a mistake with my recent purchase of the Iphone 5s or maybe I just don't know all the features of my phone. A really attractive phone.
This Samsung S4 is one of the greatest phone i have had. it works perfect on every aspect. The reason why I give it a 4 is that it is slow when i use the phone for a while without restarting it. I guess there might be too much application running in the background. But this did not happen with my Samsung Note 2 I had before.
i love it, the best cellphone in the world...you guys can improve the amount of hours the battery,thanks,Daniel Oliveira.
This phone has a lot of features and is simply awesome. There's not much to talk about it, because everyone knows it, the shipping was fast. Rather expensive but I personally think it's worth it.
This is my first Samsung love it, shipping was super fast. The phone is amazing, I have one complain. The charger need and adapter and some application are in germane.
Everything arrived for me as planned and on time.I really recommend that for everyone.The product was in perfect state.
I ordered an unlocked phone because I did not want to be tied to a single phone company, and moreover I do travel overseas from time to time. I have had bad experiences atempting to get other phones unlocked, both here in the US and in England. The 9505 is the S4 model sold by ATT and I therefore expected no problems in using it with ATT or T Mobile.When I unpacked the phone imagine my surprise to discover that it had come from Germany and that it was configured in German. It was easy to reconfigure for English but there are a number of applications in German that of course stayed in German and to me are not usable. The other issue is that the phone will not work in LTE mode, and to be fair to the vendor this (and only this) was declared. This is something to do with frequencies used in the US. However the phone does run in H+ mode at 5.3 Mb/s which is more than adequate. I have no regrets with my decision albeit the German was a bit of putting at first. I think the vendor, Global Mobile and or Amazon should give a paragraph explaining the German and the absence of LTE. My limited research suggests that at this time H+ is faster than LTE but may not be in the unknown future.
It's a better machine than an Iphone, but you will have to learn the functions, and is not as intuitive as an Iphone, you will have to watch some tutorials in youtube.
Awesome Phone, I'm in love with.. The only problem is the battery now is going down so fast that before and I need to charge twice in a Day, but this as we know was Samsung Fail with some batteries and my one was the "luck" one, but my girl bought the same and nothing happens with that one.
Excelent, I am happy with that smartphone, however I think that the back is not the original and the accessories, but it is not a big problem
excellent product. was received at the indicated time and without any difficulty, as based on the place of purchase. recommended one product
Though I had to spend some quid to get it unlocked when I returned to Nigeria (thought I ordered an unlocked phone), the samsung galaxy s4 19505 is more like it. You feel you also have the latest iPhone with all the features. The battery life is long and it fits my use and purpose. I commend it to anyone who needs a dependable smart phone. Just waiting for blackberry service to be enabled on it.
More than a month have passed and I'm still very happy with my phone. It made my life much easier.
Very good product, only thing that it comes with all menu on French... I don't understand French, and the phone comes with Fr software too, that is not so pleasant, so I had to change it, but rest works perfectly good
The best phone by far, love it, camera is great, better than 3s. I use in in Tanzania, it works well, Thanks.
I bought it on the recommendation of a friend and I dont regret it.And now I would recommend everyone to buy it...
I love the galaxy s4 its all what I expected in a new phone and more. But if you activate all the features your battery will not last long.The camera takes high quality pictures way better than the I phone. The screen is big and clear.
It is indeed the International SGS4. Works like a charm, and it an amazing phone. Warning though, the one we ordered was originally made for France. Came programmed to in French, with French apps that we can't use in America, and a little sticker on the back for the French cell service provider "Orange." Either way, it wasn't a big inconvienience. It also had instructions to change it back to English. Great phone, highly recommended!!
I love it my acquisition its complete, fast, great design, tons of apps and incredibly light. However there are few things you might know it. The batery dies really fast, I feel I gonna break it all the time and after 10 to 20 playing starts to heat.
Two years ago I bought a Samsung Galaxy SII. I love that phone. Still working, just one issue with the camera, but still a great phone. My wife has it.The I moved to a Nokia Lumia 900; a nightmare.So I bought the Galaxy S4, best decision I made.I hope to keep this phone 3 years at least. In Mexico there isn't well coverage of 4G, but I expect to be using 4G soon.
yet im not using all its fancy options but im so happy with it,also the seller was perfect.its the fastest i can get
It does what it's been advertised to do, but it feels even greater!Came with Chinese locale by default, but pretty easy to switch to English. Coming from the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, I have nothing but high ratings from this purchase. Battery life, processing power, memory; pretty much everything is more than twice as good from what I'm used to with my previous phone. I highly recommend it to anyone thinking of purchasing; most definitely worth the 600+ bucks.
The most thing I like is it has perfect size with such a big screen size (5"). The bezel is so narrow!!You can handle it with your one hand, but still screen is amazing due to its big size and FHD.Camera has many functions. Drama, best shot, etc... all is so fun, useful, and easy to handle.One thing I don't like is its gimmick functions.Air gesture, air view, smart stay, etc..... I don't know why samsung put these immature, useless functions on this phone.You may barely use these. I just turn off these functions.But, size, screen, camera, battery, ..... everything is perfect and non-comparable to other phones.
The screen is amazing and it is very fast.The materials makes it to seen very fragil.I also have a iPhone 5 and I am still in doubt which one to use in my day by day. They are very different from each other.The battery doesn't last too much. IPhone's battery last much more.The S4 functionalities are beating iPhone hard.I am waiting for IOS 7, but for now, I think Androind on S4 is winning.
This is the best phone in the market for sure, awesome screen, fast, thin and light. And one of the things i I like the most is that it's actually smaller than most 5 or 4.8" due to the very thin bezels.The product arrived in great shape and in the estimated delivery time. The box was still sealed.LTE and 3G work in Brazil (TIM-MG).There were only some minor issues:-The charger is the korean standard, but it comes with an adapter-The phone was initially in korean, but you can change it while configuring it for the first time.Just ask if there's any doubt about the purchase.
Just love my new Samsung Galaxy S 4. It's blazing fast and full of features.JusT loved air gestures and the screen this Phone os amazing.
The phone is unlocked and worked easily as I out in my micro sim. The only problem is that the phone Manuel wa in French so it was difficult for me to read since I had to get it translated.
the phone is good however sometimes very rear when i touch the screen to perform a comand it dos not but my biggest problem is that my picture quality is very depressing
I love it!Just one thing. I made my order on August19th and it arrived on Sep 3rd. That took too much. Everything was in french and Samsug should consider an american adapter plug.
Excellent perfect product, I recommend. I love it ,! ...................that's it no more words ok I love it I love.
upper of my expectatives, very fast and more complete of market.i recomend, the best is model i9505 because have a 4g and more fast internet.
it reached on time and is working perfectly everything is as expected this is a great buy anyone considering shouldn't hesitate
excellent phone, it is a machine recommend
perfect
Bueno
The price paid is worth it, is a pocket pc, lighter than the earlier and much faster, fine by samsung this time.
Excelente
I couldn't be more happier for my order of this phone!! Living overseas it's tough to get your hands on a unlocked phone for a reasonable price. This phone and price is unbeatable.
I just think it's an awesome phone with the wright carrier it's very nice worth the money!! And way better thn the IPhone 5!!!! Hope this helps people deside to purchace what they really want....but this is a great phone!!♥♥
Good phone
Perfect
I am quite pleased with the product.
as always, I love Samsung. Great phone and already have 5.0.1 update. My updates come from Poland on this phone but I'm in central america.
I am very happy with this product. As a matter of fact, my purchase has prompted my niece to get the same phone.
As good as expected
very good, Thanks
excelente
EXCELENTE
Excellent!!!
Is very good.... better of i expect...
i ordered this phone received it in my skybox within reasonable time. i put my sim card in and its reading it and working perfect. on the back writes SAMSUNG and not TMOBILE or AT&T. i love it and would definately recommend it. im thinking about getting one for my husband. the features are great. for it to work in the caribbean, please look for factory unlock and international version. good choice.
This was a gift to a friend who recently switched from Blackberry, she was pleased with the item she received
The samsung galaxy s4 is easy to use and is for friendly users....i love android systems more than iphone....I will recommend it to anyone...
Says ORANGE on it, it might be some French cell phone carrier but the logo blends in nicely with the white. Got the manuals in French, guess I would have been angry if I didn't know French.
I don't need to use my laptop anymore. There's so much in this gimmick that its so much more than I need, but I love it. It has fallen down about 5 times on cement and basic tile floor and it still works fine! This shock resistance is an improvement upon the previous Galaxy S3 which could crack if it fell on the floor. A great product, but can be a little confusing for people not familiar with smartphones, still a great buy considering the presumptuous price of the iPhone 5.
excellent product very satisfied Cart
everything perfect!
I like this cellphone. It works as I expected without any problem. All taken pictures are clair.
Muy Bueno
good as I expected. And a good deal
Brand new S4 I9505, shipped and received in Miami in 5 days in sealed original box with white original Samsung accessories and adapters. Phone works perfectly (I use it in the Caribbean) and came updated with dual camera mode and android 4.2.2.Note: all instructions/manuals/warranty were in Spanish only.
Excellent product. Best software everr. Could have a better housing but worth it.And it smudges to easily. So buy a case & screen protector ASAP.
This device is just wonderful!!! I love it...The bad side is just that the battery doesn't keep it turned on by whole day...And sometimes, depending on the app used, it becomes very hot...
Item was received intact and on time. It is an awesome phone that I have been looking forward to. Will be using it mostly in the Caribbean.
this is a great phone if you like a regular size screen it has all the features I would recommend this phone.
its cool I like it because I don't like her iPhone or somethingthat's why I'm just sooo samsung glaxy s4
Excellent
I wish it did not have so much stuff that I have no use for, and can't remove either. that aside, being able to place whatsapp on the SD is the only thing I wish I could accomplish. I am very happy with the phone thus far. it also said that it had 16gb, but it has less than 10.
excellent product, I recommend it 100%, i like, works great, meets my expectations, works perfectly, eg the last en-phone technology
The S4 works perfectly. Extremely fast. Only problem is the photo apps aren't all on this phone. Being so new to me maybe they are hidden & I don't know where to look. Other than that I love it.
Nice
seems more like a mini tablet than a phone. does everything I want it to, plus probably another million things I don't care to.
Good quality product and fast shipment. The only problem with this is , it does Not support Tmobile LTE network. It support the 3G and the 4G, but not LTE but since my dad didn't stream video very often, I am fine with it.
Great
Its a great smartphonequad core 2.3 ghzFastrapido
So good
Awesome
I purchased this phone a week ago and it got to my hand yesterday. The Phone got there on time, just as mentioned. The phones is really great. All the features are working perfectly here in Ecuador, But unfortunately the only carrier that provides 4g lte here in Ecuador cannot hook up the phone to their 4g lte service they say it's a configuracion problem, besides that I really recommend the phone it's great.....
purchased I9506 S4 SAMSUNG FOR QUALITY AND SPEED. THE 2.3 gHZ IS FFAST ! BETTER THAN AN S5. CHECK IT OUT !
I like it, but I am still trying to figure out how to work stuff
excelent
very good.
Works great
execelentes
I love the phone. It's everything i expected at a very good price. No complaints so far.
Very good
Impressed!!
Came just as described and it works wonderfully. I have had it since April and waited to post a review just to make sure everythimg worked. It works great not a problem. I started with Tmobil on the phone and have now switched to straight talk as a provider and the phone still is going strong. I will be soon be putting in the CyanogenMod ROM to make it even a better more secure phone
Work as great as IPhone on GSM Network, painted chrome strip peels/chips easily. Beats HTC DNA by Verizon by leaps and bounds, fast charging and long battery life
Upgrading from a Galaxy S2 that had lost its GPS and Bluetooth. This runs much faster and I really like the look of the display.
Love it but all the software interface is overwhelming. I plan to finally read the owner's manual and have downloaded it for reading later. This phone is my lifeline and I think I may need an backup plan since all my life's connections are so centralized into one device. Should start looking for a solution as this phone is paramount to good living and losing it would be devastating to my business.
It's good
Item works well no problems.
Excellent condition!
I needed a phone that was locked for Tmobile. It was just as it was described. It was brand new right out of the box. The only problem with was the wall charger didn't work at all.
It came fast. Happy with the phone but may be changing from T-Mobile to AT&T. So be sure you will be able to unlock it if need be.
I ordered this phone and the shipping was delayed, but based upon the information provided, it was due to USPS and not in any way the seller's fault. When the phone arrived, it was as promised. I have used it for a couple of weeks now and it works fine.
Very happy with move from iphone 4Galaxy S4 was brand new in boximproved battery life to iphone4color and clarity of the display is excellentupgrade to Android 4.3 no problemstransferred simm card from iphone4 to Galaxy S4 and it started right upno problems at allvery pleased with purchase of Galaxy S4
I got this used phone when switching to T-Mobile. I wanted one in good shape and ordered a used one in the hopes it would be in excellent condition. This phone was so new that the prior owner had not removed all the plastic strips that protect the sides of the phone!The S4 is very nice, comfortably sized, great battery life, and with my update to Cyanogenmod it totally kicks the ass of any other phone I've ever had. Throw in a 64 GB card and I have 80 GB to shuttle around ridiculous amounts of movies, mp3s, pictures, games, and anything else I damn well please. Awesome.
I like the S4's big screen, high pixel count, and feature set. I use PTEL prepaid and minimize my data usage with wifi and minutes usage with google voice. The screen is big enough that browsing the web is feasible. I don't like that I can't remove all the preloaded apps.
Is a great phone, like New, only dont come with all accessories, but is fine, i think is a good shape
Im used to the iphone so i dont like it.But I bought for my husband and he loves it. You just have to get used to it I guess.
Wonderful device.
Used it over half year now. So far so good. Good seller. very helpful!
It was a gift for my wife, she love it.
my daughter loves it
Good phone. Came from a seller who claimed negligible use and was accurate about that; screen was in great condition.Phone itself has a roomy screen, and someone like me who was living and dying by QWERTY slider phones is semi-okay with this. There's enough space on-screen without my huge thumbs smashing multiple letters. T-Mobile version, currently upgradable to Android 4.4.4 (as of 2015-20-19).Don't get me wrong, soon as a Lollipop QWERTY non-Verizon slider phone comes out, I'll be all over it, but this one seems very usable for my needs. Fast and responsive, 1080P resolution screen. Comes with a lot of carrier bloatware though, and in the end, you have about 9 GiB of actual usable space. Turning some of it off doesn't seem to affect it adversely.
Excellent 4th generation Galaxy.
I got a black berry charger with it, but it works. So good buy !!
This arrived in better condition than described. It worked great. I simply plugged my SIM in and started making calls. You can't ask for better service or product.
Honestly I Was Very Skeptical On Buying This Product, But After Having This ProDuct In My Possession, I Would Reccomend You By This Phone By The Seller's Name Of: The WireLess Circle, This Seller, Believes In Giving His/Her Customers The VERY Best, I Can Say This WIth Full Confidence. If He/She Gave Me The Best, I AM 100% Sure He/She Will Give You The Best As Well.
Quick delivery, everything as advertise. Extremely satisfied. Samsung S4 is a very very good phone. -still.
Fair price. Great product. Fast shipping.
good
I LOVE THIS PHONE U CAN DO EVERYTHING ON IT IM GLAD I BROUGHT IT FOR MYSELF FOR X-MAS AND I GOT IT FAST IT DIDN'T TAKE A WEEK TO GET IT IMMA REALLY ENJOY THIS SAMSUNG GALAXY S4
Good smart phone!
Perfect; as described. Received it in time.
The description was right on at first it didn't allow me to call or text but once I updated all the apps it worked just like new I definitely love it
Samsung phones have always been good for me, and this one is no exception. Arrived on time, works great, great condition but there is no radio chip in this phone. I really enjoy listening to radio and having two devices while I bike or walk is ridiculous. Why can't they put in a radio chip?
Nice
Working great, but some damage to battery area that wasn't reported in the description. The damage is to the out side and hasn't affected charging at all.
Came as expected. Great phone.
Works great. Received on time as advertised.
Excelent
This is the Best smart phone I have purchased I have also put a 64GB SanDisk micro SD card in it as well as a 7500mAh Zerolemon battery works wonderfully. I hope for the best when the Android version "lollipop" comes out. Maybe it will be even better.
I'm so glad I bought this phone. It came on time and package was sealed. I upgraded from a galaxy s2 to the s4. I love it, takes awesome pics. I was able to switch it to Net10. I just put my sim in this phone and it automatically switched. No regrets!
we haven't had any problems with it (yet...)
Everything works great!
Awesome... I love this phone... shipping was fast and sooner than I thought. The person I bought it from even threw in a free case. no problems with it being blacklisted or bad IMEI.... as soon as I got it, I got it activated. Only had it for a couple days and I still can't live without it
Fast delivery ordered Friday morning and recieved it Monday afternoon. Great phone for being used no problem with Tmobile just a new sim card purchase. Tiny knick on side of phone, a case can hide that. My son will be extremely happy with it :) Just as good as my s4 going to my daughter that I purchased new. Would purchase from again!
Well over a year now & works great.
HAD SOME ISSUES AT FIRST BUT AFTER REPLACING THE BATTERY IT WORKS GREAT!!!
Good
Ok
Received item 2 days after ordering it. The seller had great communication when I contacted them inquiring about the product. On day 2 using the phone and so far no problems. Not 1 thing to complain about. Very happy customer. If I need another phone, I will go through Evan's Deals.
This phone works perfectly even though it was used ... worth taking the chance of buying it over the Internet .. it is fast and has a lot of features easy to use
Love this phone! Awesome Price! Exactly as described. I will definitely be checking back with you guys in the future.
Really good phone and just found out it was unlock thats a plus. Get this phone or the Note 3 a great buy!
Just as described. The phone came brand new in packaging and no problems activating it. The phone is fully functional
The s4 is awesome. it has all kinds of cool feachers. i love Google voice and the new android OS 4.2.2 even though they have android 4.3 Samsung's apps work awesome with 4.2.2. the camera is great and the zoom is awesome.
You guys brought me happiness in the form of a phone. I dont know how u got the phones but I totally appreciate the service, thanks
Excelent product. I am to happyThanks a lot off.It is great samsung s 4 the best thanks you
Phone in condition stated no compliants
works like a charm
The phone work perfect and the shipping was fast.
I love this phone. I broke my old S4, bought an S5. Hated the S5 and went back to the S4. Forget all the new features newer phones have. This Galaxy S4 has it all. I also used to own the S3 and loved it but the S4 has a better camera. If you're looking to save money on an older phone, this is it.
Very nice phone with more features than we can use.
Excellent!
Very good
Satisfied.
It claimed to be T-Mobile enabled, but it was not. Nevertheless, this is a great phone for me. I do not need all the bells and whistles and it works just fine for me. T-Mobile was able to reset it so that I can download and send text messages. I am pleased!
Great phone, easy to use.
Love the S4, love the seller (Second Hand Cellular). My phone came to me damaged during shipping, was upset and contacted immediately. A response came back and worked things out. My phone is still in great condition and working great. The S4 in general is great, with the announcement with the S5 coming is also really exciting. In general though the S4 has better software, ram, etc than the S3. Depending on what you do (I'm a photographer,) business is essential and the S4 does just that. If you can root, do it. Better functionality to your S4
Excellent!
Very good
Satisfied.
It claimed to be T-Mobile enabled, but it was not. Nevertheless, this is a great phone for me. I do not need all the bells and whistles and it works just fine for me. T-Mobile was able to reset it so that I can download and send text messages. I am pleased!
Great phone, easy to use.
Love the S4, love the seller (Second Hand Cellular). My phone came to me damaged during shipping, was upset and contacted immediately. A response came back and worked things out. My phone is still in great condition and working great. The S4 in general is great, with the announcement with the S5 coming is also really exciting. In general though the S4 has better software, ram, etc than the S3. Depending on what you do (I'm a photographer,) business is essential and the S4 does just that. If you can root, do it. Better functionality to your S4
Awesome
The best phone I've ever had. I use it for streaming video and watch it on my television. Wonderful and easy to use!
Nice
GREAT
Great!
Great
phone is working great. I am very pleased!!
work as new
Great phone Great service. Came as explained
Great phone really like it.
Much better than the nexus 5. I like having a home button
This product surpassed my expectations. Very satisfied.
worked out great , no problems
Great purchase
GOOD
Like
Galaxy S4 and S5 of the best phones hands down
my husband was happy , it was good gift .
EXCELENT
I love my Samsung! It is just a great phone over all. It is a good size, not to big, not to little. Good sound quality. It has plenty of storage for music, videos and any apps you may want to add.
no bad but the charger that it came with no so good.
Great product
works great and came fast.
My old phone broke and I needed a new phone in a pinch but didn't want to spend a huge amount of money so I purchased this phone. I like the phone a lot but because it's an older phone, it's a little slow but it's livable. I love the Android operating system, though. I can't use any other OS.-As a wife and as a mom of 3 kids, I spend a lot of time shopping for deals on the best products out there for my family. It's important to me that if we're spending our hard earned money that we get a top notch product in return. I often rely on the reviews and opinions of others when contemplating purchasing a new product that I haven't tried before myself. Because of that, any products that I buy (whether on Amazon or from a 3rd party) I always make sure to leave a detailed review of the product to help others when selecting items to purchase, as well. My family tests these products fully before forming a solid opinion and writing a review. When I write a review, I keep in mind that those reading are also looking for honesty about the product and want an unbiased opinion to go by. If my review has been helpful to you, please give me a "Yes" vote on my review. Thank you!
It came with a small software problem, but I figured it out. It works fine so far.
good job
perfec
I love it. It is the best cell phone. I recommend anyone that's looking for a new phone to buy one you will be very happy.
Good quality
Great. Works well
My son is enjoying his phone.
Works great, wife loves it
it was good and I love it thanks
good product
Recomend it, a great phone for anyone. Thanks.
Perfect! No problems looked brand new!
Very good product
Perfect
On time 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻 thank youTotaly new s4 with ear phones too 😍😍 thank you recommended
Great phone but it was in Chinese when i got it but works great and my wife loves it
as listed. No issues and works fine. Only thing we had to do is when we got the phone was in Chinese, so had to change to English.the SGHM919 is a great phone and would recommend
The is a good phone
was worried since all these bad feedbacks but my s4 was perfect new and works great on any carrier
Pretty good, to be honest. My only problem with this product so far is it was slightly damaged/worn on the back (the letters).
very good, liked it very much
Product as featured. Arrived in excellent condition.
Good phone, good condition
It came exactly how I expected with every thing in the box. It works perfectly.
So far I love it. It's my first galaxy and it's awesome. I'm very happy with it.
Great phone connected it to metro pcs
Al good
Had a quick need for a good inexpensive phone. Arrived quickly and have not had any issues (have had it now for a while). This was a great purchase
Wonderful purchase. The phone is working 100%.
This phone has worked well since we purchased it.
Product was purchased on Aug 3, 2016 it is now November 9 and the Phone fails to charge. Replaced the battery and no power. I used other phones and each battery work. I was respectfully refunded the amount originally spent on Phone
I am enjoying my phone
The is a good phone
was worried since all these bad feedbacks but my s4 was perfect new and works great on any carrier
Pretty good, to be honest. My only problem with this product so far is it was slightly damaged/worn on the back (the letters).
Much better than the 5 or 6. Don't get me started on the useless edge gimmick. It looks and runs 100%.
For the price, it is a great phone, it works great
Fast Shipping. Item arrived as described
Much better than the nexus 5. I like having a home button
Great phone.
Excellent phone, I bought it for my wife, so the use was average, but for some reason the main board got damaged, and today is a paperweight, and apparently this samsung phone have a lot problems related with main board issues.
Very good phone
I love it
Good!
Yes loved this product. Works well on Australian networks. The I9195I model is actually the 2015 value edition of the phone with a better processor.
excellent
excelente
excelente
Very Good!
Excelente producto
Satisfied
Very good
Excellent.
excellent
excelente
excelente
Very Good!
Excelente producto
Satisfied
Very good
Excellent.
excellent
excelente
excelente
Very Good!
Excelente producto
Satisfied
Very good
Excellent.
Recommended
perfect product, i liket a lot
I like this phone. It is not expensive and has all main functions s, including 4G, NFC, fast Wi-Fi. Bluetooth, and Android 5.0 update. The battery life is about 2 days with moderate usage and one day with heavy usage. Sound, video and camera are great. MicroSD slot allows to add more memory (I used 64Gb card) for tons of pictures, video and music. It works great!
Good Service, I recommend it 100% Thank and good luck...
exelente muy bueno
excelente producto
Excellent
I loved this phone. Had it about 2 years i think and just a few days ago it died. Died to the point of never coming back on again. I was playing a game and my battery was getting low and before i could plug the charger in it died. I loved the size the most. I hate all these big phones with huge screens that can never just fit in my pocket, this was perfect for those reasons. It will be missed but i was going to replace soon anyway because it was getting kind of laggy.
perfect product, i liket a lot
I like this phone. It is not expensive and has all main functions s, including 4G, NFC, fast Wi-Fi. Bluetooth, and Android 5.0 update. The battery life is about 2 days with moderate usage and one day with heavy usage. Sound, video and camera are great. MicroSD slot allows to add more memory (I used 64Gb card) for tons of pictures, video and music. It works great!
Good Service, I recommend it 100% Thank and good luck...
exelente muy bueno
excelente producto
Excellent
I loved this phone. Had it about 2 years i think and just a few days ago it died. Died to the point of never coming back on again. I was playing a game and my battery was getting low and before i could plug the charger in it died. I loved the size the most. I hate all these big phones with huge screens that can never just fit in my pocket, this was perfect for those reasons. It will be missed but i was going to replace soon anyway because it was getting kind of laggy.
Excelente producto, bueno y de calidad, llego a tiempo, muy satisfecha y agradecida con la rapidez del envio.
I love that I can use two sim cards in the same phone. The phone works very well, the font camera is not that great but the back camera is a little better. Good phone
The phone is OK.
Good cellphone, however it takes a lot of time to upload a 10 seconds video from messenger.
Exelente Gracias
Arrived about a week after ordering. Placed my SD (32g) and Sim card in, my service (T-Mobile) works perfectly. I didnt have to call customer service or anything. It allows you to choose your language as soon as you turn on the phone for the first time. My only issue is that I payed the extra, what, $20, for the black leather? And I'm not really sure it was worth it, I'm pretty sure its plastic. But its a great phone. Camera quality is great, simple to use. Totally worth the $218.
Amazing Phone. I loved the reviews and here's one more to help you.PRO: You can do it all on a dual sim.. I save TONS getting rid of my land lines and having a dual sim. US market sucks cause they do not offer this, but its okay, you can use the unlocked Euro phone in US. Incredible flexibility and you can say bye bye to unwanted landline bills.CON: Major one is the battery life.. I use aps and its always being use so battery drains fast. I suggest getting an extender I am trying out Slim External Rechargeable Backup Battery Charger Charging Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy S4 mini with Pop-Out Kickstand (3000mAh) but have not yet tried it to review how much life extension it gives. I feel it could make the phone more normal on battery power. Another con is the small screen. Going from a S3 large screen to s4 Mini was like going backwards on size, but its okay because the phone fits again in my pocket easier like a phone should!
Great
EXCELENTE SAMSUNG MINI S4 GT-9192 EDICIÓN ESPECIAL.
A very good phone. No issues at this time.
excelente
Excelent. No problem
Good phone.
I was very bothered when Samsung changed the options button when the S5 came out. So I prefer to go for this one, I has been a month since I bought it. Is great for me, I don't need the last most expensive cellphones but is modern enough to look cool and can do basically everything a student needs. So far the battery last almost all day long with a regular use although it takes a very long time to recharge. I haven't take it to its limits in the sense that I use only a few basic apps (Whatsapp, WatchON, Uber, etc). The only issue I have had has been two times I have feel it slightly overheat and in one of those it didn't answer properly for a while, but I also have it on a very big hermetic cover that contributed to that.Regarding the seller, I had a minor issues because I wanted the black version but he/she announces that one as "no warranty" so I had to conform with this one; also, it didn't processes the payment on the first time so I had to repeat the transaction worried that I would be charged twice (which didn't happened), then because of that the cellphone arrived two days after its cover (purchased later the same as the phone) and I was worried to end up with the cart but without the horse.At the end everything worked up fine and wouldn't be happier having any other smartphone currently in the market.
excelent
Excelente
SUPER EXCELENTE!
Cellphone works as advertise, I activated with T-Mobile with no problems at all. The phone is easy to use, and pretty fast, and the size is just perfect. Thank you so much!
I bought it in October. Great phone so far. Same specs as the S4 bigger version. The difference is it can fit into my hands, it is more affordable.
This phone is truly a great phone. Yet, it lacks some of the features that it's older brother (The s4) has. Such as the notification light, and air gesture. The phone is a beautiful phone, and has a cheap sort of feel- that's only because it's backing is plastic which is better for if you drop it so that's a plus. The phone has a nano sim slot- there are different versions of the s4 mini such as the I9190 and I9192 so each sim for each phone has different requirements. The phone is pretty fast, although a few months in it freezes sometimes. Perhaps, that's due to the fact that I am constantly on it. The camera is okay, it is nothing special but the fact it has two cameras front and back (has a flash light) is great. Phone calls are clear, and the service I get is pretty good considering the phone is not from the US and hasn't even made it here yet. The fact the phone is unlocked enables you to use any service you please- not being bound to a service is nice. The price as of now is high, but not as high as an iphone, considering it is unlocked raises the price. Over all I love my phone! If you have any questions please ask!
I like it a lot. The size is perfect for me. It came with the adaptor to connect the charger.
All good 100% product and sellerWhy 4 starts?the charger came European type no USA type.But all good!!!!!!Buy it (if you like of course)I dont test yet the phone with the sim card it uses micro sim and my car is mini simnext month y buy a micro sim and then I try it
I ordered mine from the seller "WorldWide Distributors" and had no problem at all. The product box was sealed, and the phone was definitely brand new. When I turned it on, the default language was French, but I was easily able to change it to English. Some reviewers said that their order came with an extra 110v-220v adapter, but mine didn't. I have a few of those lying around the house, so it wasn't a problem for me, but you should be aware that this international version likely comes from Europe and therefore the charger plug has 220v round prongs.The phone is still going strong a few months in, and I love it very much. Just be aware that you might not get the warranty service in the US. The warranty card it came with only listed European regions.
Phone is quick, responsive, easy to use - intuitive, but packed with options. Great screen, too. For those who got used to On button on the top, this phone come with the button on the side (that's becoming standard). The only drag is the battery - so keep a charger close to you / battery barely lasts a day (but, I am a heavy user). Also, if you are suffering from SFS or FFS (short finger syndrome or fat finger syndrome) like I do (I wear gloves size 8), then take a note: this is the last phone size that feels comfortable (4.3 in). Headphones are good and clear, but just a bit short for me (that's a matter of taste and practicality). What else... I guess that's it for now / been using it for less then a week.
Orange linked (France). Manual in french. No problem in Colombia with Uff! simcard. I hope it works with other carriers.
This phone is great, it came in perfect conditions with all its accessories. I was afraid of buying it because of some reviews written here but I decided to give it a try, I must say I don't regret it. Reasons why I'm giving it 5 stars: It's NEW, It's the original gt-i9195 it is NOT a cheap clone, it works perfectly on 4g netwoks, it is UNLOCKED I've used this phone in the UK, Germany, France and Canada it works perfectly. Also, the package of the phone didn't come open, it arrived on time and so far I haven't had any problems with the phone. This is the phone I was expecting and I haven't got complaints at all, the only thing I'd suggest is that if you're buying this phone from the UK you are going to need to buy an adaptor for the charger as the original charger is made for EU socket only, but that's not a problem.
Phone is on point for almost everything. It's the perfect size (i.e. not too big like most andriods). It gets 3g+ on T-mobiles network. It has an SD slot which is good. Camera quality is great even with the forward facing camera (unlike the iphone 4s and lower). The phone is very easy to navigate and customize as well!Only minor hiccups are you can't turn off the sound when taking a photo and the phone itself doesn't go into silent mode (the lowest it goes is vibrate). I'm sure these things can be changed when rooted but I'm not interested in messing around with that.Best thing about it all - it got to my home very quickly (just in time for a birthday!).
QUICK DELIVERY EXCELLENT QUALITY PRODUCT
don't have and problem with this cell phone. works with every company in Guatemala and the Salvador. And the box it's completely sealed
Smaller than S-II that it replaced but much better product. Screen amazing, performance too, and with LTE I'm future proofed. Only problem so far is Samsung WatchOn (IR blaster for TV) I have homes in USA and UK but application can't cope with that - I have to delete USA room to set up UK and vice versa
I really like my Galaxy S4 Mini I9195. I got it promptly and thought it was the perfect size for my upgrade. It was programmed in French, but the seller provides instructions on how to change to English - not complicated.It uses a nano SIM card, so I just cut mine accordingly using a SIM template I found online and it fit perfectly fine (T-mobile user). Be careful when doing this though, you don't want to mess up your SIM. If you don't feel confident enough to do it, go to the store and get a new one.There has been an instance or two where the phone has frozen on me and turned off, but that might have been due to the excessive downloading and installing of music\apps when I first got it. Overall I'm really happy with my purchase and would recommend this phone!
this phone is just awesome. this phone can do everything and very comfortable to use.I'm happy what I Bought this phone.
I give five star 'couse this phone was excellent, working very well and shipping so fast. It's compatible With Digitel in Venezuela on 4G LTE, apps run so fast and have many option to configure it.
this cell phone is the best product that i have untill the moment.. the prone came with all the original accesories and work perfectly with any carrier that the vendor said ....
Good product and excellent service. Very compact and light wight. Bought it for my niece and she loves it. A+++
I'm so happy with my cellphone, and the price still going down... All the functions are better than other cellphones, the camera resolution it's excellent, I¨ve got my better pictures ever.
I don't know much about phones but the size of this phone is perfect and I can do all I need from a phone.
I am totally loving my new SIV mini!! It arrived really quickly and it was exactly what I wanted. This phone is amazing! It is no where near comparison to my previous Blackberry Curve.. The color on this phone is phenomenon. It's so beautiful! I love that it's slender and sleek. I highly recommend those who are interested to purchase this product.The only downside about it is there's no notification light.. Other than that, everything else is fine. Enjoy!
Love the phone. It works quite well. However, was not happy that the manual was in another language. Unfortunately for me, I only speak and read English.
It is not too small, not too big. Powerful enough for all my apps (and i use them a lot).It came with a yellow flip cover which i really appreciated.
exactly what i have been looking for.Almost same S4 capabilities , a little bit smaller, good value for money.
This was an xmas present for my partner and in other cases the feedback on the product indicated re-flashed or unlocked units with carrier branding. This was not the case with this device and it was unblemished and factory fresh in sealed box. Delivery was on time and suitably boxed for safe shipment. It was the ideal replacement for Galaxy S in terms of form factor but with the enhanced performance and os. The missus is delighted!
I received the phone with operation manual booklet written in Polish language. Amazon's customer service directed my complaint to the supplier, Shopbest. I asked them to send this booklet in English , to my address un Israel:15 Kiryat Sefer St, (Appt 10) Haifa, Israel 34676Instead, they sent me a link to some technical details/Joseph Schlesinger
I was expecting it until a few days later ! and I got it earlier, so I was very happy!
After only a couple weeks after I purchased this phone, blue dots appeared on the camera, and I have no way of contacting the seller about it
I was initially unsure about buying a phone from anyone other than my carrier. I wanted this phone, however, and it was no longer available through my carrier. Amazon customer support helped me on the phone, making me feel 100% comfortable going outside my comfort zone. I LOVE my phone. It arrived in perfectly new condition, there were absolutely NO ISSUES. Thank you Amazon customer support!!
Good
good
Look skill especially for girls.....
very good product and I'm very satisfied
Everything was perfect with the phone.
Good afternoon, good job.
Very happy with this phone.
EXCELENT
works good, and do almost all that the S4 do. very fast and have good size. for the price its the best that you can get.
VERY GOOD
excellent fast shipping and good quality product
First I want to highlight the good care I received by the seller, who attended my talks oportuamente prior to purchase, which gives greater security could not guarantee what would receive version, but could be used in any country using the indicated band. The cell reached its destination very quickly, before the date prescribed. It was a surprise to see abir packaging and the manual was in Russian or Polish language, but the important thing is that the phone was unlocked and could be activated without any problems in my country (Ecuador). Excellent product.
Excellent product. Samsung is Samsung. Nothing is similar. excelente producto. No hay otro igual,a menos que sea el S5. Thank you
Thank's for all very nice the smartphone and so fast i received well i think that will be making a deal soon for anothers ok
The phone is pretty good, zero details, all accessories included, it had no problem with Movistar (Venezuela) bands. It arrived on time in Miami. Nothing more to say, I'm happy.
All with this product is ok, I received a little late, two day after, but everything is fine and right
This smartphone is a top line smartphone in a not gigantic size. Although is not for playing, is an excelent option for the standard use. (phone, taking pictures, runs fluent...)I Love it.Pro:Fluent:it runs fluent all the time... I use almost 20 widgets in 3 screens and I hate when phones can't handle this amount of graphic demandHas Micro SD slot.Has android 4.2.2Screen:it looks great. the colors are beautifulCons:It could be tough to people with not a good view (high pixel per inch)Is up to you:Size:It is not a size for playing i think, but is the size i want... I can handle it with only one hand and that is what I want for a phonePictures:It is not an S4, an iPhone 5 or a HTC One, but it still get great pictures. For instance, for the day to day, I don't miss my compact camera.Battery:I use it a lot... like 2 hour for listening radio through internet, wifi all the time and 3g/4g all the time and it last like 20 hours
i feel the phone is just nice.... because i was expecting the 16gb version but he sold me the 8gb version and more over the price is little expensive.it could be sold cheaper for this version. over all the phone has all other features i needed.the about the delivery it was so slow, poor service. packing was not so safe.i hate this
Okay. I was definitely worried about buying this phone at first because it was an international, factory unlocked phone. But, I really wanted the phone so I decided to go with it. When I got the phone, it looked awesome! The only sucky part was that the instruction manuals were all in French... But, Í can just watch reviews on YouTube about it. No problem. However, when I went to put my SIM card in, it would not fit. It was WAY too big for it because the phone takes a microSIM card. So crap. But I was so determined to use the phone I was not going to let that get me down. I contacted my local provider- I read reviews from other people on here that said to do so- but they weren't much help. This one lady was like "Oh, you just break open your SIM card and the micro one I inside of it". I was like umm okay that's not gonna happen. So, I googled it and then found this DIY on cnet that instructs you how to make a microSIM card out of your regular SIM card by cutting it. I felt really adventurous and decided to give it a try because if worse came to worse I would just have to pay $25 for a microSIM. So,I watched the video, followed the instructions, and I did it! It was not hard to do at all. Then, I took my freshly cut miroSIM card and put it in the phone. It fit perfectly. I turned the phone on and first it couldn't find my provider but then I selected a different option in the service section in setting and up popped my provider. This phone is amazing and is so fast and fun to use. Definitely worth the money. Love it!
WOW. This phone actually fits in your hand! Although it has a 4.3" screen, it is narrower than the original Galaxy S1 (Captivate, Vibrant, etc.) as well as the Galaxy S3 mini. What else? Great specs! This is a really fast and powerful phone, WITH an MicroSD card slot. While not as fast as the full-sized S4, it is faster than the S3, and many other phones on the market. That, along with TouchWiz UI, plus the option to install CyanogenMod (Stock Android ROM), and you have a really nice phone. The only cons are the screen resolution and the bundled software. The screen is not HD, but really, it's fine. 16:9 videos look great and fit edge-to-edge. As far as software, the phone comes preloaded with a lot of garbage that cannot be removed without rooting, but it still runs fast, and the apps can be hidden from the app drawer. The phone also has NFC, eye tracking, and plenty of other gimmicks... and the price is right, so what's there not to like?
Very nice phone, and size I think is quite enough for a 'mobile' phone, one interesting and not less annoying is the fact that so many app ask for to be access to your personal info, email accounts etc.
Well made small phone, good looking screen and good performance, My only minor dislike is that it is a little thick. Thicker than the S4 and iphone 5. No LTE on at&t but still gets good performance on HSPA+
I needed a lighter phone than my Google Nexus and was very close to getting an iPhone 5 due to the size and weight, but thankfully a colleague told me about the S4 mini before switching over! This phone is absolutely awesome. I am one of those people who HATE big screen phones, so this is a Godsend for me. It's fast. Perfect size. Light. Built extremely well for a "mini" model. Many many features. It's the perfect iPhone killer and has a much lower radiation output too.Its SAR rating (radiation level) is hardly 0.33 watts per kilogram of body mass (on a scale of 0 to 1.60!). Phones with such a low SAR rating are very rare, and much lower than the iPhone 5 which is a whopping 1.6 watts per kilogram!The best part, it's UNLOCKED so you can use tethering all you want with no extra charges. Just be warned, LTE may not work on many carriers so check that ahead of time. Mine runs on AT&T HSPA+ and I'm happy with the speed.Don't listen to the bad reviews here. People complaining about the Micro SIM are just delusional, any major carrier will provide a new SIM for free. Just make sure you get a SAMSUNG SEALED PHONE or send it back! The first one I received was not sealed and wasn't even LTE. Amazon exchanged it for the right one. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
I just got my new galaxy S4 mini and is just awesome compared with my old blackberry, many functions, the possibility to skype, I love it!!
good
excelente
Excelente
Excelente
bueno...
spanis
Excellent product,fast shipping
very good recommended
buy these phones on offer for the whole family, everyone was happy with the speed and because samsung is samsung is quality and a fast processor tinenen
Works wonderful from Argentina, this looks like a brand new device, at least I couldn't notice a difference. This is not the fake Chinese version, it's original.
The product was chosen for its low price compared to the rest of the deals the same or similar products
i love this item, anyway i buy 3 at work perfect, work in venezuelan red, and good price! i recommended!
good service and good attention but the team did not get released as the description saysthe evaluation is based on the equipment is not released
Very satisfactory...phone works with ready sim as well. Clean phone. Looks very brand new, came in on time. I would recommend to anyone.
good
Excelent!
Good product
excellenet
Great phone. Delivered with Europe and American charger. It's working fine and simlock free so you can use any micro sim.
Perfect
Perfect and fast shipping
Excelente
Phone is a miniature version of my previous S4. It worked wonderfully throughout India until it bent and blew out the screen. Lesson learned to have a durable protective case for it. Otherwise, I had no issues with it.
This is one of the phones that fits into pocket :-)Feels good and works fast with the apps I am using. Camera is of mediocre quality.
very nice
todo ok
Excellent
I am please with the product
just what I wanted. works great. has many features I love, but especially the Samsung support. if you have a problem a Samsung tech can take control of the device and troubleshoot it remotely.
PURCHASE RECEIVED PERFECTLY . THANKS
Good love it
EXCELENTE
It was ok.
Good phone, my teen daughter loves the fact it fits in the back pocket. Features are ok, except no 4G. I love the fact you can replace the battery- it will come handy some day
has very good quality was what I expected
LOVE IT
excelent
good
great phone for my girlfriend, fast shipping
Box appears to be open. Maybe some process in the plant, warehouse... anywhere.. but all accessories and phone are brand new.Work very good and no problems!
excelente
I received what i requested. It works nice, it's fast, the display is clear and the size is perfect. NFC is great, the camera is good, you can take great pictures. It works fine with my Venezuelan Comunications provider (Movilnet). The size and weight are perfect. I added a picture i took with the phone.
excellent
i got the italian version of this cellphone, well, i just chance to spanish and a beutifull cellphone apears.
Works well and is as described.
Was exactly as described and i have not complaints whatsover, delivery was also speedy
Goooooooood
EXCELENT
Perfect cellphone
When I bought this cellphone I was really worried, because I was buying from Peru. But I was really pleased with it, it works great just what I needed to use in my university, I had no trouble with compatibility with the phone company from here, the only thing that bother me a little is that I cant connect to 4G network but I'm not sure if it the cellphone or the phone company!
EXCELENT
it is a great phone, work just fine
excelente telefono
nice phone is the best i like so much
Fantastic phone. Exactly what I wanted! I didn't want a phone that was too big or bulky. The screen is crystal clear and the functions quick. Call quality is great and apps work well. this is my third samsung phone and I continue to enjoy their wonderful products. It arrived within two days, was sealed and came with a headset (with ear inserts) charger and adapter for USA. Strongly recommend it.
it was functional, and cute. It has been working ok, and it was extactly how it was showed on the web
I really loved the on-time delivery and the way it came. I got the same phone from someone else and it was in bad shape. This was just perfect. Works perfectly on LIME in The Caribbean.
im writing this review specially because i was so worried thinking that my phone wouldnt work in my country just because i had read reviews saying that it didnt come unlocked.... but let me say something... this cellphone works perfectly, i just put the the movistar microsimcard and immediately it started working... so if you are from vzla and you are not sure about buying this cellphone, go ahead and buy it...!! it really comes unlocked and you wont have to pay anything to make it work...! the only reason why im giving the cellphone four stars is beacuse it brought a few applications that make me think this cellphone is not completly new...! i had to erase those games and now im pretty happy with my cellphone..!
It is the best phone ever! 😄This S4 mini included Spanish as one of the options of language system (I do mention this because we bought another one, a S4 to another seller and it did not include Spanish as one of the language system in spite that it is an international version).It was very easy to set it up at the very beggining. Easy to install apps. Very fast on performing any activity. I love this phone.
The phone arrived in perfect conditions and it was unlocked. So I was able to just insert my micro chip and use it as any other device.
excellent cell phone, it works perfectly anywhere in the world, is versatile, comfortable and functional for telecommunications and all installed applications
all excellent, product was as described, very good, I recommend it 100%, I do not regret having made ​​the purchase.
was as expected runs very fast works excellent size is perfect fit into any pocket making it easy to take it anywhere buy to utilizzarlo with Movistar Venezuela and 'running an excellent browsing speed excellent very pleased with my purchase product recommend seller me I would have liked obsequieran a memory card to avoid having to buy a party should also bring out a memory of 4GB and place a price about 2 or 3 dollars more for greater customer satisfaction
This is a beautiful, light in weigh,t small cell phone and my daughter loves it!
God
All was ok, it was that I Bought.I recomend this seller.
It does what I've been looking in a smart phone. It'll run graphically intensive games like Real Racing 3 with no problems at all. Doing that will suck down the battery.... about 10% for 20 ish minutes of playing... If you're smart with your phone and keep the brightness down and do other things to conserve battery, it'll last for quite some time. I use mine moderately for listening to music and playing clash of clans and things of that nature and only have to charge it every 2-4 days or so... It depends on how much you use it.One thing that weirds me out is that while this happens rarely, when i go to bed, it'll be at like 90%-100% and I'll wake up and it will be at 50%. It doesnt happen very often. It happened to my android tablet sometimes (It wasnt a samsung, it was a cheapo one) so i'm guessing it was an android os type of thing where it didnt go into sleep mode properly or something.... but it doesnt really take away from the phone :)It fits in my hand perfectly and I don't have to do any hand gymnastics to reach a portion of the screen but still has a plenty big screen to show detail. The model I received was actually GT-i9195i (note the i at the end(EDIT: silly me, the title says i9195i >_> lol) which has a quad core processor and an amoled screen.It only had 8 gb of internal memory, but with that sd card slot, I now have an additional 32 gb (I could get more) with plenty of space to spare :DThe camera takes decent pictures and video too :)But nevertheless, great phone :) 5stars
Just received yesterday, but so far so good. Nice phone! Bought new, delivered fast, original unopened packaging and accessories. It is an international phone so it has an adapter plug and instructions are in Italian I think. Not a problem since I'm familiar with Samsung. I hope it lasts a long time!
Excellent product, delivered smoothly and in perfect condition, highly recommended, especially for people outside the area, it works perfectly in Venezuela, greetings.
I have been with it for two weeks, and i can say that this is one of the best mini flagship phones that there're out there. Highly recomended.
My 16 year old daughter chose this phone after checking out the reviews.She totally loves it...says it's 'great'...and she's hard to please!
Thank you very much for the quality of the product is good and I highly recommend it, just continue like delivering quality products and competitive.
Excelent cell pone, the only thing I dont like is that is ralted to a service provider in europe. Overall was an excelent purchase
Fine very good is a phone amazing and wonderful Yours page is fabolous always buy Yours products and the sale off course
Is excelent, i love it because I just had to put my Sim and it worked immediately. Really served anywhere in the world.
Item delivered on time, excellent.
before buying this team had doubts because I had opinions that did not work in Venezuela and safe me! Today I went to remove the product still in doubt, but when I got home, lit it and it worked perfectly ... I recommend gentlemen, there is no doubt that all excellent!
It meets the expectations, it's just faster than the S3 mini. It's a good purchase considering the price, works fine in Venezuela
I am very grateful and happy with the phone, it's very good, I arrived at the agreed time and in excellent condition, thank you very much the atension and responsibility!
I live in the USA and have an AT & T GoPhone line. I was a bit concerned about buying this phone, not just because of the incorrect spelling of Samsung, but also because of the negative reviews and the number of people whose phones were locked when they arrived. However, my phone was unlocked and I have not had any problems with it. The phone is from Orange Mobile in France, so a few of the Apps will only work on an Orange network and some Apps are in French. However it is not hard to delete these Apps. I bought the phone from Cell-Source as they had good reviews and I have been happy with their service so far.
It is Great. I like it. It lacks the led light, but it is still good. I highly recomend this phone
Love this phone. After weeks of problems with a different brand of phone, I gave up and bought this one. Talked with the seller and got their return policy so decided to try it. Works great, love the size. Very happy.
I got my s4 mini in two days using Amazon prime and it came brand new with the security seal still attached. I love it. Internal available memory is 4gb and other 4 is reserved. Super fast, perfect size and my favorite phone to date....
This is a great little phone. I use AT&T for my regular phone service but make annual trips to the UK where I have a SIM with a local phone number. This unlocked phone allows me to swap from one service to another.
100% recomendado
Love this phone.For some reason, it took a few weeks for me to receive the phone but once it was delivered I have had no complaints.
Nice phone
It's good to use
Excelent!!
good
All right beautiful
This phone it is great and very easy to use, the phone it is ready to use any sim in all contry.
Great phone but not fully compatible with T-Mobile. Phone is new unlocked, clean ESN and 4G LTE compatible. Issue with T-mobile getting 4G support. You must have a T-Mobile branded phone to get on their 4G LTE network. Can only get 3G but can get on the LTE in certain areas where T-mobile has established their free wifi services.
This is a great phone and I love the physical size and specs! Ive had it now for some time and its works awesome! I think Samsung made a very smart move in designing this smartphone and I think think that it will make a hit. There are a LOT of people that want a good solid android phone thats not so huge and I think this is it. Its an upgrade all around for me coming from a Motorola Arrix 4G in mic, speaker, processor, all around android experience and still about the same size.
I am happy with the groceries I made of electronics like Samsung mini s4, among others. Excellent, I recommend it
excellent phone, I was not sure of the purchase but really left very satisfied, the phone is not for me, is a gift for my sister
Excellent device. I am very satisfied with my purchase. It was my gift to good night and I'm happy with it.
Worth the wait, believe the hype! Great phone.Lags a little bit but still perform as expected. It is very light and in the size I want!
This was purchased as a replacement for my daughters old phone. It is a great phone and the best thing is that it has endured her usage and torture so far. All kidding aside, it does about everything expected.
I love this phone. It is awasome. It is beautiful, fast, camera is really great. It works with all operators here in Venezuela and with digitel you get 4G. So yeaaaah!! What more can you ask for?.
All I get full and sealed and wonderful lyrics. Highly recommended. and also who buy it to give 5 stars Straight Trading, Inc.
this product is really good even though it is not for me,i bought it as a gift to my friend ,she really lovei it.what i concered before i will get something fake or something like that. This is what expected to see .
Excellent, I love it. It is beautiful and expires with all the functions to the perfection. My cell is Extraordinary.
Gorgeous color, very easy to use, fit to the cel very good. nice quality and very cheap. i recomende thios
Thank you very much for your attention and quickly solving very kindly perfect .and continue with such care in the future to other buyers
Open Group Wireless products are packaged very well. I had no problems with the cell phone. I love it!!!!I highly recommend this cell phone.
I bought this cell phone for more than a year and it looks really good until now what I do is changing its cover every 6 months for protection from scratch and as accessories.
It is fast, has a crisp and colorful display, has NFC and 4G and external card option (solves storage problem). Very nice phone with a few minor glitches.On the down side- battery won't last long with regular use- battery happens to overheat (although rarely)Overall very good value for money - even better now when it is significantly cheaper than 8 months ago.
I've had the phone for nearly half a year now. It is a great phone. I cannot say how it handles games, cause I do not play any games. When it comes to browsing with more than 20 tabs open, I haven't experienced any lags. It plays videos really well without any problems. I can stream any videos without any problems, as well. Plays music without any problems and I don't have any problems with other computations.The one star deduction is for Samsung, because they do not support phones that have been taken out of the country of where it comes from. So you are left all alone unless you can contact a Samsung representative from the original country that the phone is from. I would, also, like to say that as someone who roots their phone, you will not be able to receive software updates for your phone and void the warranty, but that is a given. I'm not saying there aren't any methods.WARNING:I bought my phone from a reseller called FGS Trading and I had the worst experience. First off, the shipping box that the phone came in was 10x times bigger than the actual phone and it was completely smashed. It didn't stop there, the phone I received had been already used and FGS Trading gave a power adapter (because it's an international phone and plugs overseas are different than The Untied States), that had hair on it. It was inside the crevices of the power adapter. I was so disgusted. I immediately contacted them and they did everything to try and avoid their responsibilities as a reseller to fix the problem. First their excuse was that they are a small company and no would dare to put any hair, etc. Then, I asked what about the box and the phone being used? They just said that I can just get a refund back, but then I'd have to send the phone back and pay for the shipping. I then, sent them pictures of how the phone came in... You know how they replied? "It seems you must be hurt by this." I then sent an angry message back for their lack of responsibility and how they are dismissing the points of how I received the phone. They were completely making it seem like I was the problem for everything. I immediately contacted Amazon... Then, FGS contacted me back saying, "Oh, I see you've contacted Amazon and are going to give us a bad name and reputation. You didn't give us enough time. You immediately contacted them. " I'm like wanting to strangle someone now and reply back to them, "Listen F* I gave you a week and a half and Amazon has a 30 day protection return policy, I am not waiting around. " I got a hold of an Amazon representative and they said that sense I didn't buy it through Amazon, I would have to return the phone, pay the shipping, and they will help to make sure I get a full refund. I got upset and said I'm not paying for s***. I just want a new phone. So, in my midst of effort, I finally got sent a new phone after contacting a Samsung representative of where my phone came from. Didn't pay for anything.That is it. After all that experience, I was happy at the end.
It is the best phone I have bought. I am completely satisfied. Es el mejor teléfono que he comprar. Estoy completamente satisfecho.
My phone works perfect in Venezuela! As soon as I got it I placed the simcard and it worked immediately.
El teléfono fue recibido, pero el mismo no esta desbloqueado. Tuve que cancelar una cantidad considerable de dinero para el proceso de desbloqueo. No me parece justo ofertar algo que no es real. Debería reembolsarme parte del costo por vender algo que no es lo ofertado.The phone was received, but it is not unlocked. I had to remove a considerable amount of money for the unlocking process. It does not seem fair to offer something that is not real. Should reimburse part of the cost to sell something that is not offered.
Excellent device. Beautiful screen and really fast!No lag when playing games or opening multiple app at the same time. Good purchase for a nice price!
This phone is exactly as advertised and as the reviews stated it is.I am more than pleased to replace my Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini by this Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini.
Because this phone is so much better than my last phone. This phones charger works great to. This phone lasts along time without charging to.
muy bien
is very very good.
The is a good cell phone , this phone takes the place of the one above., the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite(7-Inch, White) Thank you for understanding"stewart c."
Excellent really like new
excelente
excellent product. works perfectly , 100 % recommended . It is a serious and reliable seller
good
excelente
excellent
Nice one
Bought this phone and absolutely love it. I live in the Caribbean and it works perfectly on digicel sim card. So happy with purchase! Great price great phone. Love the size too!
Muy bueno
exelente
Excelente phone
ok
excelent
Excelente recomendado 100% para venezuela
Perfect everything!
Excellent. Very good. Better that I have had
very good. I would recommend
It's very nice phone
excellent...
Wanted a smaller phone that I could use in the US and UK. This is perfect! Actual size is 4.75" x 2.25". I took a chance and purchased a used phone after the new one I previously purchased had charging issues and was returned!Great features, easy to set up with a micro SD from carrier (I use Consumer Cellular but AT&T would work). This was my first smart phone upgrading from basic, downloaded the manual from Samsung website, not too hard to set up.Nice camera, good sound quality. Am very happy with this.
verry good
I love this phone. It has great features in a nice size that fist in your hand and in a shirt pocket without being obtrusive. We use it on Consumer Cellular's network and has good reception every where we travel.
Working great
Good phone. It came with an international charger and an adapter to fit into American power outlets.
great phone. only problem took smaller sim-card. No problem. took to nearest T-Mobile dealer and made smaller one for no chargeLike phone
excelletn
The first time I used this phone, I was struck by lightning. When I came to, a remarkable change had taken place inside me. I could communicate telepathically with machines. As it turns out, this phone is occupied by the souls of the damned. But I'll be damned if it isn't also the best (mini) phone I've ever had.
Excellent phone - works like it should and price is right.
good
excelente
The phone fulfill my spectatives. After one week it works perfectly. It is unlock but I had to go to AT&T to scan the bar code and to match/synchronize the sim card with the phone. It does not include warranty. The "original plug" has the European pins (round), but include an adapter to american pins (flat). The quick guide and printed instructions are in Italian, can find them online easily. So far so good.
Excellent
excelente
Great.
good phone
Normally I don't do review like this, but this phone is really good. It's been more than a year but the phone is still going great , and I am still using it every day. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the front camera is not very good, it's only 2 MP, so it won't satisfy you for selfie. But overall, the phone is good, recommended for daily use.
Excellent
Good
Exactly what I was looking for, no complaints.
all ok
Excelent!
Excelente!
This product mates to the needs that I have, and I liked the practical and the good way its, I recommend it to general public
very very good
I was nervous about ordering an international phone but I'm so glad I did because I have no regrets! This phone works perfectly in the US. I brought my old sim card to a TMobile store hoping to transfer my data onto a micro sim card but their system was down. I couldn't wait until the next day to go back to the store so I went home, found a YouTube video on how to cut sim cards into the size of a micro sim card, and within minutes, I was using this phone like a pro!
The phone arrived yesterday. Google tells me the language of the quick start guide is Czech, the box and the software installed on it is from the Orange carrier. I order from Cell-Source, even though it was little pricier than some of the other orders listed because it was Amazon Prime and the percentage of positive reviews posted was a few percent higher than other sellers. I was still a little nervous about it because of seeing other reviews with unnamed sellers that were not unlocked and because the price for the phone on amazon.fr after applying the conversion made me think there can't be much profit in the business of selling unlocked phones.The phone arrived Friday in an unopened box. I charged it and it turned on just fine. I didn't get a chance to verify that it was unlocked that night since the sim card from my (dying) dumb phone wasn't the right size/type for this phone. But the next day I took it to Tmobile and there were zero problems switching my number and a new sim to the phone.I might update on the phone as I get more use out of it. For the moment I am happy to report that the product that I received was as advertised. Unlocked, international, functioning.
Very balanced device. Very good pre installed apps from samsung. The camera works fine. The only little problem that i have noticed is the battery lifetime that is poor if you turn on you bluetooth, listen to music or play videos.
The phone is great, I bought it to use with an south american sim card and I had no problem. Great camera, great display as just quick as I was expected.
Actually I bough as a git for my girlfriend, she's love it. it's great device. and works with mini sim card
Was a good gift to my sister, she is enchanted for this
amazing phone - great deal
nice...!!!
Excelente
exelente
I recommend it
PERFECT
Excelente
Excelente
exelente
Excelent!
The phone is awesome. I haven't even seen all the stuff yet but I love it. Exactly what I was expecting.
Very smart and practical smartphone to be used on all daily occasions. Only one minus - short battery life. But in general excellent.
I just got my new samsung galaxy S4 mini 19195 Wow, it's just awesome and i must tell you that i am very satisfied with it. Though the manual and instructions came in French language but thats no biggy. It is all you need in a phone. The size fits very well both in hand and pocket. I have no regrets buying this phone and i must say it is worth the price. The features are awesome and the image quality is just perfect. I recommend it for any one looking for a smart Android phone.
I'm extremely happy with my order! ^_^It arrived on time through amazon prime, and I had no issues at all. I got the right model, the battery and everything else seems to be operating well, and I'm happy with my purchase.My only issue was the charger; although it came with a changeable adapter, it doesn't quite stay on, it always pops back out. The charger is a UK charger but they included an adapter piece for those with US type of outlets, but like I said previously it doesn't quite stay on the way it should. However this is a minor issue.Coming a from a Blackberry it was a bit of a difference, but I absolutely love this device. The one thing I wish it did have though was the notification light but other than that its a truly customizable phone.I was a little worried when I read that some persons got the wrong version, but everything has been working quite well so far. So I'm happy.
I bought this after analyzing several different phones. It is light, nice and easy to carry. I specially love it because it really beats even the new iphone 5c,5s with only 107 compared to 132,113 that are recently released. It obviously has a bigger screen, 4.3 inch compared to 4 inch in all three versions of iphone 5 as it is still easy to carry around and fits in your pocket easily. I never had an issue with the battery life. The pictures are vivid and has a much more powerful front camera (1.9 M) in comparison to iphone 5 (1.2 M). The back camera is just the same. If you are not just a blind fond of iphone, you wouldn't throw away all that money in two years!! The 5C version which is supposed to be cheap, is $550 and you easily run out of the 16 GB memory without being able to extend it. With this phone, you can easily buy an SD card of up to 64GB and you are good to go.
I was looking for a smartphone with this exact specs,other than iPhone. I had an iPhone in the last two years and just wanted a change. My husband got Samsung Galaxy 4, and I like the look and feel, but for me it is gigantic. I was so happy to find the mini one. It is slick, easy to use, has everything that I need. The only cons are the battery life is a bit shorter, and also the device gets very warm at times. Regarding shipment: the first shipment was wrong, Amazon shipped black instead of white. Both Amazon and Mercante group were very accomodating and quick to reply. The replacement came few days later, and I had to ship the black one back. Annoying to have to go to the office because of Amazon mistake.
Excelente
Muy bueno.
The phone works really well. Very pleased with the purchase.
excellent, good seller. I love this phone. I could use it without problem in Venezuela
Excelente
All perfect!!!!
It's a excellent product and it was on time. I recommend it a lot
ok
I LIKE IT SO MUCH. I LOVE IT
Excellent Product
I received exactly what i ordered and am completely satisfied.
Excellent product, 100% recommended...Works perfect in Ecuador, I am using with Claro
Delivered was fast. Good product.
good product and excellent quality
Good cellphone works very well, I live in ecuador works execelent here
Excelente
This little phone is awsom!
Got this for family member and it works great in South America - Brazil!
good cell phone
Very satisfied, Exactly how it was described.
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
Very Good, it works in Venezuela with all operators.
excelente
Item was great just not the part I needed..... took a 3 or 4 days to get a refund once returned.
It was a little small
excellent product and very good quality
Small good pocket phone
Nice but the only problem is battery run out very fast
EXELENTE CELULAR
great phone!
I LOVE this phone. It came on time. The phone also came with chargers and ear buds and in mint condition!
excelent all
It was perfect!
Awesome experience
recomiendo
it is ok
Excellent :D
Excellent
Great quality
Good phone!
good phone, on time as expected
Nice!!
I love this cel phone!
Good afternoon, good product
Excelente....
We love this phone so much we keep ordering them. We are on our third and fourth phone (we tend to lose ours). They're durable. We have only had one screen crack, which is impressive after how many times they've fallen on our tile floors or took a trip down the tile stairs. It's fast, the camera is pretty decent, in low light it gets a bit grainy. It can keep up with multiple applications open and running. We plan on keeping these for many years.
I bough 2 for my sons and they love it, they say it very good and fast, they downloaded a lot of game and they play with them without a problem.No problem with internet connection. My sons recommend it.
The phone is working perfectly so far, good price
I love it!!!
This phone has an excellent display. It has many similar features and performance rivals the Galaxy S4. The smaller size is a great convenience for stowing in your pocket and fits better in your hand too.
I love that phone. I live in the USA but I can also use it all over in Europe. I bought this phone almost 2 years ago and it still works fine. I just switch memory cards without any problems.
Looks elegant, just the right size, pretty good speed but the sound quality with or without the speaker is not that good
congratuletion
100% recommended, responsible and meets its expectations.
Ecellent phone and camera but battery runs out to quick.
ok
100% excellent
GOOD PHONE, EXCELLENT
After reading good and bad reviews from buyers of the phone I decided to buy it assuming if it did not work.my experience is excellent .. great phone, works perfect with the operators of my country .. very happy with my purchase .. tnks seller
fine
exelente telefono
excelente
Great
Very good
Great Phone. I wonderful upgrade from my blackberry curve 8520.
Excelente celular
Good
muy bueno!
All execlente, the article is indicated
EXELENTE
This smartphone is a top line smartphone in a not gigantic size. Although is not for playing, is an excelent option for the standard use. (phone, taking pictures, runs fluent...)I Love it.Pro:Fluent:it runs fluent all the time... I use almost 20 widgets in 3 screens and I hate when phones can't handle this amount of graphic demandHas Micro SD slot.Has android 4.2.2Screen:it looks great. the colors are beautifulCons:It could be tough to people with not a good view (high pixel per inch)Is up to you:Size:It is not a size for playing i think, but is the size i want... I can handle it with only one hand and that is what I want for a phonePictures:It is not an S4, an iPhone 5 or a HTC One, but it still get great pictures. For instance, for the day to day, I don't miss my compact camera.Battery:I use it a lot... like 2 hour for listening radio through internet, wifi all the time and 3g/4g all the time and it last like 20 hours
Okay. I was definitely worried about buying this phone at first because it was an international, factory unlocked phone. But, I really wanted the phone so I decided to go with it. When I got the phone, it looked awesome! The only sucky part was that the instruction manuals were all in French... But, Í can just watch reviews on YouTube about it. No problem. However, when I went to put my SIM card in, it would not fit. It was WAY too big for it because the phone takes a microSIM card. So crap. But I was so determined to use the phone I was not going to let that get me down. I contacted my local provider- I read reviews from other people on here that said to do so- but they weren't much help. This one lady was like "Oh, you just break open your SIM card and the micro one I inside of it". I was like umm okay that's not gonna happen. So, I googled it and then found this DIY on cnet that instructs you how to make a microSIM card out of your regular SIM card by cutting it. I felt really adventurous and decided to give it a try because if worse came to worse I would just have to pay $25 for a microSIM. So,I watched the video, followed the instructions, and I did it! It was not hard to do at all. Then, I took my freshly cut miroSIM card and put it in the phone. It fit perfectly. I turned the phone on and first it couldn't find my provider but then I selected a different option in the service section in setting and up popped my provider. This phone is amazing and is so fast and fun to use. Definitely worth the money. Love it!
WOW. This phone actually fits in your hand! Although it has a 4.3" screen, it is narrower than the original Galaxy S1 (Captivate, Vibrant, etc.) as well as the Galaxy S3 mini. What else? Great specs! This is a really fast and powerful phone, WITH an MicroSD card slot. While not as fast as the full-sized S4, it is faster than the S3, and many other phones on the market. That, along with TouchWiz UI, plus the option to install CyanogenMod (Stock Android ROM), and you have a really nice phone. The only cons are the screen resolution and the bundled software. The screen is not HD, but really, it's fine. 16:9 videos look great and fit edge-to-edge. As far as software, the phone comes preloaded with a lot of garbage that cannot be removed without rooting, but it still runs fast, and the apps can be hidden from the app drawer. The phone also has NFC, eye tracking, and plenty of other gimmicks... and the price is right, so what's there not to like?
Very nice phone, and size I think is quite enough for a 'mobile' phone, one interesting and not less annoying is the fact that so many app ask for to be access to your personal info, email accounts etc.
I needed a lighter phone than my Google Nexus and was very close to getting an iPhone 5 due to the size and weight, but thankfully a colleague told me about the S4 mini before switching over! This phone is absolutely awesome. I am one of those people who HATE big screen phones, so this is a Godsend for me. It's fast. Perfect size. Light. Built extremely well for a "mini" model. Many many features. It's the perfect iPhone killer and has a much lower radiation output too.Its SAR rating (radiation level) is hardly 0.33 watts per kilogram of body mass (on a scale of 0 to 1.60!). Phones with such a low SAR rating are very rare, and much lower than the iPhone 5 which is a whopping 1.6 watts per kilogram!The best part, it's UNLOCKED so you can use tethering all you want with no extra charges. Just be warned, LTE may not work on many carriers so check that ahead of time. Mine runs on AT&T HSPA+ and I'm happy with the speed.Don't listen to the bad reviews here. People complaining about the Micro SIM are just delusional, any major carrier will provide a new SIM for free. Just make sure you get a SAMSUNG SEALED PHONE or send it back! The first one I received was not sealed and wasn't even LTE. Amazon exchanged it for the right one. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
I just got my new galaxy S4 mini and is just awesome compared with my old blackberry, many functions, the possibility to skype, I love it!!
Fantastic phone. Exactly what I wanted! I didn't want a phone that was too big or bulky. The screen is crystal clear and the functions quick. Call quality is great and apps work well. this is my third samsung phone and I continue to enjoy their wonderful products. It arrived within two days, was sealed and came with a headset (with ear inserts) charger and adapter for USA. Strongly recommend it.
it was functional, and cute. It has been working ok, and it was extactly how it was showed on the web
I really loved the on-time delivery and the way it came. I got the same phone from someone else and it was in bad shape. This was just perfect. Works perfectly on LIME in The Caribbean.
im writing this review specially because i was so worried thinking that my phone wouldnt work in my country just because i had read reviews saying that it didnt come unlocked.... but let me say something... this cellphone works perfectly, i just put the the movistar microsimcard and immediately it started working... so if you are from vzla and you are not sure about buying this cellphone, go ahead and buy it...!! it really comes unlocked and you wont have to pay anything to make it work...! the only reason why im giving the cellphone four stars is beacuse it brought a few applications that make me think this cellphone is not completly new...! i had to erase those games and now im pretty happy with my cellphone..!
It is the best phone ever! 😄This S4 mini included Spanish as one of the options of language system (I do mention this because we bought another one, a S4 to another seller and it did not include Spanish as one of the language system in spite that it is an international version).It was very easy to set it up at the very beggining. Easy to install apps. Very fast on performing any activity. I love this phone.
The phone arrived in perfect conditions and it was unlocked. So I was able to just insert my micro chip and use it as any other device.
excellent cell phone, it works perfectly anywhere in the world, is versatile, comfortable and functional for telecommunications and all installed applications
all excellent, product was as described, very good, I recommend it 100%, I do not regret having made ​​the purchase.
Excellent
Excelente
Love the phone!
Happy with my phone......working
I received my phone but the charger is for internanationl I need a charger for us how can I get one I only. Need the plug in part. Order num is 1059333. Item num is 2A-5s5n-oj5m its for the samsung s4 mini Thank
Love it!
Excelente!
GENIAL
Is phone is the best for Africa no problem i like
Very good.
Excelente
Love this phone. After weeks of problems with a different brand of phone, I gave up and bought this one. Talked with the seller and got their return policy so decided to try it. Works great, love the size. Very happy.
I got my s4 mini in two days using Amazon prime and it came brand new with the security seal still attached. I love it. Internal available memory is 4gb and other 4 is reserved. Super fast, perfect size and my favorite phone to date....
This is a great little phone. I use AT&T for my regular phone service but make annual trips to the UK where I have a SIM with a local phone number. This unlocked phone allows me to swap from one service to another.
100% recomendado
Love this phone.For some reason, it took a few weeks for me to receive the phone but once it was delivered I have had no complaints.
Nice phone
It's good to use
Excelent!!
good
All right beautiful
buy these phones on offer for the whole family, everyone was happy with the speed and because samsung is samsung is quality and a fast processor tinenen
Works wonderful from Argentina, this looks like a brand new device, at least I couldn't notice a difference. This is not the fake Chinese version, it's original.
The product was chosen for its low price compared to the rest of the deals the same or similar products
i love this item, anyway i buy 3 at work perfect, work in venezuelan red, and good price! i recommended!
good service and good attention but the team did not get released as the description saysthe evaluation is based on the equipment is not released
Very satisfactory...phone works with ready sim as well. Clean phone. Looks very brand new, came in on time. I would recommend to anyone.
GREAT! italian version. Work with 4g in Argentina so i think i will work everywhere
very good phone. fully released. excellent work on 4g for digitel in Venezuela
I have T-Mobile, and when I was researching phones I spent a lot of time trying to figure out if 4G would work on this device. I finally decided to take a risk and I'm glad I did. The phone works great. I love the small size which allows me to easily carry it in my pocket while still having all the capabilities of much bulkier phones.
goood
Well I love it so much take nice pic...
excellent
Great little phone
(Writing from USA) I've had a galaxy s4 mini for about a year and a half now and I love it. It's smaller, lighter and more comfortable to use of all the galaxy phones. Mine had a bit of wear and tear so I decided to get a new s4 mini. After paying close to $400 for my old one I jumped at the opportunity to get this one for half the price. Upon receiving it I noticed the charger is European as the phone comes from Italy I believe. They were kind enough to include 2 converters which I appreciate. The instructions and warranty are in Italian I believe. The phone works properly and sets up just as my other one did although it is updated with the latest galaxy settings which I love. Overall great buy
Smaller than S-II that it replaced but much better product. Screen amazing, performance too, and with LTE I'm future proofed. Only problem so far is Samsung WatchOn (IR blaster for TV) I have homes in USA and UK but application can't cope with that - I have to delete USA room to set up UK and vice versa
I really like my Galaxy S4 Mini I9195. I got it promptly and thought it was the perfect size for my upgrade. It was programmed in French, but the seller provides instructions on how to change to English - not complicated.It uses a nano SIM card, so I just cut mine accordingly using a SIM template I found online and it fit perfectly fine (T-mobile user). Be careful when doing this though, you don't want to mess up your SIM. If you don't feel confident enough to do it, go to the store and get a new one.There has been an instance or two where the phone has frozen on me and turned off, but that might have been due to the excessive downloading and installing of music\apps when I first got it. Overall I'm really happy with my purchase and would recommend this phone!
this phone is just awesome. this phone can do everything and very comfortable to use.I'm happy what I Bought this phone.
Good product and excellent service. Very compact and light wight. Bought it for my niece and she loves it. A+++
I'm so happy with my cellphone, and the price still going down... All the functions are better than other cellphones, the camera resolution it's excellent, I¨ve got my better pictures ever.
I am totally loving my new SIV mini!! It arrived really quickly and it was exactly what I wanted. This phone is amazing! It is no where near comparison to my previous Blackberry Curve.. The color on this phone is phenomenon. It's so beautiful! I love that it's slender and sleek. I highly recommend those who are interested to purchase this product.The only downside about it is there's no notification light.. Other than that, everything else is fine. Enjoy!
exactly what i have been looking for.Almost same S4 capabilities , a little bit smaller, good value for money.
This was an xmas present for my partner and in other cases the feedback on the product indicated re-flashed or unlocked units with carrier branding. This was not the case with this device and it was unblemished and factory fresh in sealed box. Delivery was on time and suitably boxed for safe shipment. It was the ideal replacement for Galaxy S in terms of form factor but with the enhanced performance and os. The missus is delighted!
I received the phone with operation manual booklet written in Polish language. Amazon's customer service directed my complaint to the supplier, Shopbest. I asked them to send this booklet in English , to my address un Israel:15 Kiryat Sefer St, (Appt 10) Haifa, Israel 34676Instead, they sent me a link to some technical details/Joseph Schlesinger
I was expecting it until a few days later ! and I got it earlier, so I was very happy!
A very good phone. No issues at this time.
excelente
Excelent. No problem
Good phone.
I was very bothered when Samsung changed the options button when the S5 came out. So I prefer to go for this one, I has been a month since I bought it. Is great for me, I don't need the last most expensive cellphones but is modern enough to look cool and can do basically everything a student needs. So far the battery last almost all day long with a regular use although it takes a very long time to recharge. I haven't take it to its limits in the sense that I use only a few basic apps (Whatsapp, WatchON, Uber, etc). The only issue I have had has been two times I have feel it slightly overheat and in one of those it didn't answer properly for a while, but I also have it on a very big hermetic cover that contributed to that.Regarding the seller, I had a minor issues because I wanted the black version but he/she announces that one as "no warranty" so I had to conform with this one; also, it didn't processes the payment on the first time so I had to repeat the transaction worried that I would be charged twice (which didn't happened), then because of that the cellphone arrived two days after its cover (purchased later the same as the phone) and I was worried to end up with the cart but without the horse.At the end everything worked up fine and wouldn't be happier having any other smartphone currently in the market.
excelent
Excelente
SUPER EXCELENTE!
I bought it in October. Great phone so far. Same specs as the S4 bigger version. The difference is it can fit into my hands, it is more affordable.
I like it a lot. The size is perfect for me. It came with the adaptor to connect the charger.
All good 100% product and sellerWhy 4 starts?the charger came European type no USA type.But all good!!!!!!Buy it (if you like of course)I dont test yet the phone with the sim card it uses micro sim and my car is mini simnext month y buy a micro sim and then I try it
I ordered mine from the seller "WorldWide Distributors" and had no problem at all. The product box was sealed, and the phone was definitely brand new. When I turned it on, the default language was French, but I was easily able to change it to English. Some reviewers said that their order came with an extra 110v-220v adapter, but mine didn't. I have a few of those lying around the house, so it wasn't a problem for me, but you should be aware that this international version likely comes from Europe and therefore the charger plug has 220v round prongs.The phone is still going strong a few months in, and I love it very much. Just be aware that you might not get the warranty service in the US. The warranty card it came with only listed European regions.
Phone is quick, responsive, easy to use - intuitive, but packed with options. Great screen, too. For those who got used to On button on the top, this phone come with the button on the side (that's becoming standard). The only drag is the battery - so keep a charger close to you / battery barely lasts a day (but, I am a heavy user). Also, if you are suffering from SFS or FFS (short finger syndrome or fat finger syndrome) like I do (I wear gloves size 8), then take a note: this is the last phone size that feels comfortable (4.3 in). Headphones are good and clear, but just a bit short for me (that's a matter of taste and practicality). What else... I guess that's it for now / been using it for less then a week.
I have been with it for two weeks, and i can say that this is one of the best mini flagship phones that there're out there. Highly recomended.
My 16 year old daughter chose this phone after checking out the reviews.She totally loves it...says it's 'great'...and she's hard to please!
Thank you very much for the quality of the product is good and I highly recommend it, just continue like delivering quality products and competitive.
Excelent cell pone, the only thing I dont like is that is ralted to a service provider in europe. Overall was an excelent purchase
Fine very good is a phone amazing and wonderful Yours page is fabolous always buy Yours products and the sale off course
Is excelent, i love it because I just had to put my Sim and it worked immediately. Really served anywhere in the world.
Item delivered on time, excellent.
before buying this team had doubts because I had opinions that did not work in Venezuela and safe me! Today I went to remove the product still in doubt, but when I got home, lit it and it worked perfectly ... I recommend gentlemen, there is no doubt that all excellent!
It meets the expectations, it's just faster than the S3 mini. It's a good purchase considering the price, works fine in Venezuela
I am very grateful and happy with the phone, it's very good, I arrived at the agreed time and in excellent condition, thank you very much the atension and responsibility!
I live in the USA and have an AT & T GoPhone line. I was a bit concerned about buying this phone, not just because of the incorrect spelling of Samsung, but also because of the negative reviews and the number of people whose phones were locked when they arrived. However, my phone was unlocked and I have not had any problems with it. The phone is from Orange Mobile in France, so a few of the Apps will only work on an Orange network and some Apps are in French. However it is not hard to delete these Apps. I bought the phone from Cell-Source as they had good reviews and I have been happy with their service so far.
It is Great. I like it. It lacks the led light, but it is still good. I highly recomend this phone
The seller says the phone comes unlocked, but that's not true. It does not work with South or Middle American or Carribean carriers. Samsung Regional Lock. But I wrote them and sent me the unlock code, very good attention via e-mail. Thank you for taking responsibility even though the product descricion says nothing of regional lock samsung. Unlock my phone and it works perfectly.
the cell phone is a version for australia... the battery in this version is 2100 mah... the other versions have a 1900 mah battery
It's so perfect the phone. I had a iPhone. I changed for Samsung cause iphone never figure out the problem with them. It's thin and quick for download the programs
This is a great phone. Very responsive with a vivid display. The phone size hits the sweet spot. Large enough to work with apps, videos, etc. while small enough to be handled easily with one hand. While the larger phones are better suited to watch videos, I'm more interested in using it with useful apps and, of course, as an actual phone..... :) Key features of this phone that sold me is the ability to add up to 64gb of storage with its micro sd slot and the removable battery.It's great to easily be able to replace a failing battery, or simply be able to carry a spare battery if you find yourself unable to recharge your phone when your traveling. I purchased 2 unlocked phones and one of the phones was not unlocked when I received it. I've seen others complain about this and having to pay to get them unlocked. No need to pay to fix this. I called up the Seller (Open Wireless Group) and they gave me the unlock pin number over the phone. If your Seller does not do this for you, simply return the phone to Amazon since it was not what you ordered.
My husband has been using an iphone 4 for years because he didn't want to upgrade to a big phone, which a lot of the cool phones are nowadays. AT&T here doesn't carry this phone yet. Surprised him with this and it's perfect! He absolutely loves this phone. It's sleek, lightweight, almost the same size as his old iphone. Perfect for a guy who doesn't want a ipad sized phone. LOL It did come in French but was pretty easy to change the language. It works on AT&T's H+ (?) network. Doesn't work with LTE but internet is fast enough. Way better than what the Iphone 4 was getting. Best part of this is no more Itunes!
all was ok thanks, I was I requested, all was ok, thanks a lot for all, I will buying more
Really good cellphone, was much more than I expected, really good touch screen, perfect size, and operational system excellent, and awsome camera
Hi, sorry for the delay in responding. I wanted to tell them that this was no more, the best purchase that I have made in these times. Phone covers all the expectations I had about it and many more. I recommend it because it is fast, the display offers a very good sharpness, the camera has an excellent resolution. It also has internal memory of 8 GB and external via MicroSD.
i love the cellphone was everything that i imagined, works perfect with my sim card, even he get 4G, i got it in 2 days after i buy, perfect state and in his original box. thanks excelent job
I bought an samsung s4 mini the cellphone its really good, everything was fine and work perfectly in venezuela. Recommended!
The biggest disappointment to me is the screen. I understand that Samsung needed to reduce the size in order to shrink the phone's footprint, but it dialed the resolution back to 2011. The rest of the hardware looks good and functions well. Voice calls are generally good, signal performance was adequate, and battery life delivers a day's worth of use.The software is nearly as advanced as the full-sized phone, but nixes some of the features for reasons unknown. For example, Smart Stay and Smart Scroll are gone, but you can still use Face Unlock. The TouchWiz user interface is as flexible (and complex) as ever. The camera offers plenty of neat features, but loses the GS4's most exciting capture modes. Thank goodness the Mini takes good pictures. Media options are plentiful, even though the GS4 Mini doesn't have the best screen on which to watch movies.To wrap-up its for what you get: a smaller, more user-friendly handset that isn't quite the flagship it pretends to be.
this is a great phone no complain about except for the battery it runs out very quick but beside that is great.also i think its beautiful specialy the white oneyou wouldn't regret it
I changed my S3 for this S4 mini and don't regret is a great phone, fast, small, handy and beautiful
I have used this cell phone for 1 month, so far so good.It is light, with proper size. The battery can stay for >36 hours. The signal is strong.The camera is some weak compared with my previous iphone, but it is not an issue for me since I use DSLRs.The android system is not that bad, different from what I have heard.Sufficient for me, so far, quite happy with it.
Orange linked (France). Manual in french. No problem in Colombia with Uff! simcard. I hope it works with other carriers.
This phone is great, it came in perfect conditions with all its accessories. I was afraid of buying it because of some reviews written here but I decided to give it a try, I must say I don't regret it. Reasons why I'm giving it 5 stars: It's NEW, It's the original gt-i9195 it is NOT a cheap clone, it works perfectly on 4g netwoks, it is UNLOCKED I've used this phone in the UK, Germany, France and Canada it works perfectly. Also, the package of the phone didn't come open, it arrived on time and so far I haven't had any problems with the phone. This is the phone I was expecting and I haven't got complaints at all, the only thing I'd suggest is that if you're buying this phone from the UK you are going to need to buy an adaptor for the charger as the original charger is made for EU socket only, but that's not a problem.
Phone is on point for almost everything. It's the perfect size (i.e. not too big like most andriods). It gets 3g+ on T-mobiles network. It has an SD slot which is good. Camera quality is great even with the forward facing camera (unlike the iphone 4s and lower). The phone is very easy to navigate and customize as well!Only minor hiccups are you can't turn off the sound when taking a photo and the phone itself doesn't go into silent mode (the lowest it goes is vibrate). I'm sure these things can be changed when rooted but I'm not interested in messing around with that.Best thing about it all - it got to my home very quickly (just in time for a birthday!).
QUICK DELIVERY EXCELLENT QUALITY PRODUCT
don't have and problem with this cell phone. works with every company in Guatemala and the Salvador. And the box it's completely sealed
good
Excelent!
Good product
excellenet
Great phone. Delivered with Europe and American charger. It's working fine and simlock free so you can use any micro sim.
Perfect
Perfect and fast shipping
Excelente
EXCELENT
Perfect cellphone
When I bought this cellphone I was really worried, because I was buying from Peru. But I was really pleased with it, it works great just what I needed to use in my university, I had no trouble with compatibility with the phone company from here, the only thing that bother me a little is that I cant connect to 4G network but I'm not sure if it the cellphone or the phone company!
EXCELENT
it is a great phone, work just fine
excelente telefono
nice phone is the best i like so much
works good, and do almost all that the S4 do. very fast and have good size. for the price its the best that you can get.
VERY GOOD
excellent fast shipping and good quality product
First I want to highlight the good care I received by the seller, who attended my talks oportuamente prior to purchase, which gives greater security could not guarantee what would receive version, but could be used in any country using the indicated band. The cell reached its destination very quickly, before the date prescribed. It was a surprise to see abir packaging and the manual was in Russian or Polish language, but the important thing is that the phone was unlocked and could be activated without any problems in my country (Ecuador). Excellent product.
Excellent product. Samsung is Samsung. Nothing is similar. excelente producto. No hay otro igual,a menos que sea el S5. Thank you
Thank's for all very nice the smartphone and so fast i received well i think that will be making a deal soon for anothers ok
The phone is pretty good, zero details, all accessories included, it had no problem with Movistar (Venezuela) bands. It arrived on time in Miami. Nothing more to say, I'm happy.
All with this product is ok, I received a little late, two day after, but everything is fine and right
I'm loving my new phone
Very good cell phone I am happy with it.
it`s good
Perfect purchase
Works fine.
Good love it
EXCELENTE
It was ok.
Good phone, my teen daughter loves the fact it fits in the back pocket. Features are ok, except no 4G. I love the fact you can replace the battery- it will come handy some day
has very good quality was what I expected
LOVE IT
excelent
good
This is a beautiful, light in weigh,t small cell phone and my daughter loves it!
God
All was ok, it was that I Bought.I recomend this seller.
It does what I've been looking in a smart phone. It'll run graphically intensive games like Real Racing 3 with no problems at all. Doing that will suck down the battery.... about 10% for 20 ish minutes of playing... If you're smart with your phone and keep the brightness down and do other things to conserve battery, it'll last for quite some time. I use mine moderately for listening to music and playing clash of clans and things of that nature and only have to charge it every 2-4 days or so... It depends on how much you use it.One thing that weirds me out is that while this happens rarely, when i go to bed, it'll be at like 90%-100% and I'll wake up and it will be at 50%. It doesnt happen very often. It happened to my android tablet sometimes (It wasnt a samsung, it was a cheapo one) so i'm guessing it was an android os type of thing where it didnt go into sleep mode properly or something.... but it doesnt really take away from the phone :)It fits in my hand perfectly and I don't have to do any hand gymnastics to reach a portion of the screen but still has a plenty big screen to show detail. The model I received was actually GT-i9195i (note the i at the end(EDIT: silly me, the title says i9195i >_> lol) which has a quad core processor and an amoled screen.It only had 8 gb of internal memory, but with that sd card slot, I now have an additional 32 gb (I could get more) with plenty of space to spare :DThe camera takes decent pictures and video too :)But nevertheless, great phone :) 5stars
Excellent product, delivered smoothly and in perfect condition, highly recommended, especially for people outside the area, it works perfectly in Venezuela, greetings.
great phone for my girlfriend, fast shipping
Box appears to be open. Maybe some process in the plant, warehouse... anywhere.. but all accessories and phone are brand new.Work very good and no problems!
excelente
I received what i requested. It works nice, it's fast, the display is clear and the size is perfect. NFC is great, the camera is good, you can take great pictures. It works fine with my Venezuelan Comunications provider (Movilnet). The size and weight are perfect. I added a picture i took with the phone.
excellent
i got the italian version of this cellphone, well, i just chance to spanish and a beutifull cellphone apears.
Works well and is as described.
Was exactly as described and i have not complaints whatsover, delivery was also speedy
Goooooooood
muy bueno
excelente
excellent article
Excelent Product
100% recomendado
love this phone
Excelente
excelente
5 star
Works great
Perfect condition. Better than advertised.
I'm very happy with this phone. It works great. I got the right sim card, micro size, activated the phone with no problems. I love the size of the mini. Easy to text with and full functionality of a larger phone. I don't like the bigger screens anymore. This is perfect for smaller hands like mine. Received this item quickly. I believe it was 3 days. The price was great for refurbished compared to prices of brand new. This phone is as good as brand new.
Were supposed to get 2 sim cards access, discussed with amazon agent to reconfirm this was the case however when the cel wasopened it only had acces for 1 sim card!
Perfect!
Nice phone for the price
Love it
Nice phones
only a slight problem with the battery running out super fast (even if I turn it off...and turn back on later it lost 20% of battery through time).... otherwise everything else works perfectly
the phone works great , the case has some signs of use but nothing serious anyways great seller and great phone!
It is what I payed for. A nice clean used phone. It was completely clean. Not completely reset but that is okay. It's worth it if your okay with a little scratch around the edge. Compared to the price of a refurbished phone, I would buy this any day.
I had the same phone for several years, but it met with an unfortunate accident. I love this phone because it is small enough to feel comfortable in my hands. I can still play my games on it, so it is big enough for me. I was very happy to find it still available.
excellent
The phone came defective but in the end it was resolved seller problem and I realize a refund ..
The phone doesn't has the spanish language. The conditions of the phone are very good
Phone is exactly what I wanted. Only issue is battery life is not good but that's not a issue. I'm going to replace it with a new one. So all in all I highly recommend this phone.
My sister loves its just smaller then Samsung galaxy s4 and its just perfect for her and she loves that it came in pink awesome☺☺☺☺☺
Wife loves the phone, way better then the s2 she was usin, screens jus a lil smaller than we thought, other than that Good so far, will add more later.
arrived as expected. great product for the price.
The phone is great, looks brand new. Exactly what I wanted. It came with a small crack in screen but I think that's from shipping.
I love this little phone! With young kids always on me, I type one handed often. I owned the Samsung Galaxy s4 and really enjoyed that phone. So I stuck with the same brand and model except the mini. Love it! Great little phone!
I love this phone. Very easy to use and I can put it in my pocket small purse etc. The only reason I give four stars is because of battery life. If I use it heavily it lasts like a day. Fast shipping.
Thank you. I love this phone so much
My only disappointment is its an AT&T phone but thankfully works with my t Mobile account. Arrives early love the features. Good buy
This was a good deal. condition is good, device is unlocked and works with any GSM Network. Only problem was got a pink instead of black.
Really great phone. I couldn't believe it worked with my t-mobile sim card and it came with Android 4.4 pre-installed. The fact that it has about 11 gbs of free memory also made it the best phone I have ever had! Taking one star away because the screen got slightly scratched when trying to clean it. I never had a phone with such a sensitive screen, so I immediately bought a pack ot screen protectors. Otherwise, its a great phone!
it was what I expected.
Phone was in fantastic condition.
Excelente
Very good
Phone is exactly what I wanted. Only issue is battery life is not good but that's not a issue. I'm going to replace it with a new one. So all in all I highly recommend this phone.
Excellent best customer service you definitely earned 5 stars phone in perfect condition works really fine thank you !!!
It works perfect
Very good.
It has been functionally good so far.
It was an AT&T unlocked phone which was not mentioned in the description. I am having T-Mobile network but fortunately it's working. The battery drains pretty quickly. But it's worth a phone for this price.
It have some things in the screen! I think it was repaired in one moment
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM THIS VENDOR... A+ recommended.The phone itself is very fragile though...
Worked great out of the box. I use T-Mobile in California.
Perfect!
Nice phone for the price
Love it
My sister loves its just smaller then Samsung galaxy s4 and its just perfect for her and she loves that it came in pink awesome☺☺☺☺☺
Wife loves the phone, way better then the s2 she was usin, screens jus a lil smaller than we thought, other than that Good so far, will add more later.
arrived as expected. great product for the price.
The phone is great, looks brand new. Exactly what I wanted. It came with a small crack in screen but I think that's from shipping.
I love this little phone! With young kids always on me, I type one handed often. I owned the Samsung Galaxy s4 and really enjoyed that phone. So I stuck with the same brand and model except the mini. Love it! Great little phone!
Thank you. I love this phone so much
My only disappointment is its an AT&T phone but thankfully works with my t Mobile account. Arrives early love the features. Good buy
Works great
Perfect condition. Better than advertised.
I'm very happy with this phone. It works great. I got the right sim card, micro size, activated the phone with no problems. I love the size of the mini. Easy to text with and full functionality of a larger phone. I don't like the bigger screens anymore. This is perfect for smaller hands like mine. Received this item quickly. I believe it was 3 days. The price was great for refurbished compared to prices of brand new. This phone is as good as brand new.
Nice phones
only a slight problem with the battery running out super fast (even if I turn it off...and turn back on later it lost 20% of battery through time).... otherwise everything else works perfectly
the phone works great , the case has some signs of use but nothing serious anyways great seller and great phone!
It is what I payed for. A nice clean used phone. It was completely clean. Not completely reset but that is okay. It's worth it if your okay with a little scratch around the edge. Compared to the price of a refurbished phone, I would buy this any day.
I had the same phone for several years, but it met with an unfortunate accident. I love this phone because it is small enough to feel comfortable in my hands. I can still play my games on it, so it is big enough for me. I was very happy to find it still available.
excellent
The phone came defective but in the end it was resolved seller problem and I realize a refund ..
The phone doesn't has the spanish language. The conditions of the phone are very good
Phone is exactly what I wanted. Only issue is battery life is not good but that's not a issue. I'm going to replace it with a new one. So all in all I highly recommend this phone.
My sister loves its just smaller then Samsung galaxy s4 and its just perfect for her and she loves that it came in pink awesome☺☺☺☺☺
Wife loves the phone, way better then the s2 she was usin, screens jus a lil smaller than we thought, other than that Good so far, will add more later.
arrived as expected. great product for the price.
The phone is great, looks brand new. Exactly what I wanted. It came with a small crack in screen but I think that's from shipping.
I love this little phone! With young kids always on me, I type one handed often. I owned the Samsung Galaxy s4 and really enjoyed that phone. So I stuck with the same brand and model except the mini. Love it! Great little phone!
I love this phone. Very easy to use and I can put it in my pocket small purse etc. The only reason I give four stars is because of battery life. If I use it heavily it lasts like a day. Fast shipping.
Thank you. I love this phone so much
My only disappointment is its an AT&T phone but thankfully works with my t Mobile account. Arrives early love the features. Good buy
Love it
Nice phones
only a slight problem with the battery running out super fast (even if I turn it off...and turn back on later it lost 20% of battery through time).... otherwise everything else works perfectly
the phone works great , the case has some signs of use but nothing serious anyways great seller and great phone!
It is what I payed for. A nice clean used phone. It was completely clean. Not completely reset but that is okay. It's worth it if your okay with a little scratch around the edge. Compared to the price of a refurbished phone, I would buy this any day.
I had the same phone for several years, but it met with an unfortunate accident. I love this phone because it is small enough to feel comfortable in my hands. I can still play my games on it, so it is big enough for me. I was very happy to find it still available.
excellent
The phone came defective but in the end it was resolved seller problem and I realize a refund ..
The phone doesn't has the spanish language. The conditions of the phone are very good
Perfect condition. Better than advertised.
I'm very happy with this phone. It works great. I got the right sim card, micro size, activated the phone with no problems. I love the size of the mini. Easy to text with and full functionality of a larger phone. I don't like the bigger screens anymore. This is perfect for smaller hands like mine. Received this item quickly. I believe it was 3 days. The price was great for refurbished compared to prices of brand new. This phone is as good as brand new.
Perfect!
Nice phone for the price
Love it
This was a good deal. condition is good, device is unlocked and works with any GSM Network. Only problem was got a pink instead of black.
Really great phone. I couldn't believe it worked with my t-mobile sim card and it came with Android 4.4 pre-installed. The fact that it has about 11 gbs of free memory also made it the best phone I have ever had! Taking one star away because the screen got slightly scratched when trying to clean it. I never had a phone with such a sensitive screen, so I immediately bought a pack ot screen protectors. Otherwise, its a great phone!
it was what I expected.
Phone was in fantastic condition.
Excelente
Very good
Phone is exactly what I wanted. Only issue is battery life is not good but that's not a issue. I'm going to replace it with a new one. So all in all I highly recommend this phone.
Excellent best customer service you definitely earned 5 stars phone in perfect condition works really fine thank you !!!
It works perfect
Very good.
It has been functionally good so far.
It was an AT&T unlocked phone which was not mentioned in the description. I am having T-Mobile network but fortunately it's working. The battery drains pretty quickly. But it's worth a phone for this price.
It have some things in the screen! I think it was repaired in one moment
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM THIS VENDOR... A+ recommended.The phone itself is very fragile though...
Worked great out of the box. I use T-Mobile in California.
Nice phones
only a slight problem with the battery running out super fast (even if I turn it off...and turn back on later it lost 20% of battery through time).... otherwise everything else works perfectly
the phone works great , the case has some signs of use but nothing serious anyways great seller and great phone!
It is what I payed for. A nice clean used phone. It was completely clean. Not completely reset but that is okay. It's worth it if your okay with a little scratch around the edge. Compared to the price of a refurbished phone, I would buy this any day.
I had the same phone for several years, but it met with an unfortunate accident. I love this phone because it is small enough to feel comfortable in my hands. I can still play my games on it, so it is big enough for me. I was very happy to find it still available.
excellent
The phone came defective but in the end it was resolved seller problem and I realize a refund ..
The phone doesn't has the spanish language. The conditions of the phone are very good
excellent
Easy to carry fast enough to search ulr
Small yet full featured. Just what I wanted.
Finding a smaller phone on the Sprint network can be tough. My husband and I both have S4 minis and they have a smaller size without compromising on features. My husband has big fingers and was worried about moving to the small screen but after a couple days of adjustment he hasn't found it to be an issue. We got our phones used so I can't comment of battery life but the speakers, camera, and screen quality all meet our expectations. The only thing I would change would be that the screen is still quite bright on the lowest light setting. Its fine for normal phone use but I like to read in bed and it is quite bright for that.
Bought it for my wife, she's had it for about 6 months now and still loves it. Great size and good screen.
Awesome phone. Had to return though since it was a sprint phone.
Great Item Fast Shipping
I LIKED IT SO MUCH I BOUGHT A NEW ONE THIS COMPANY IS REAL GOOD
A good dependable smart phone. I would have given it five stars, but I find the battery wears down so fast. I don't know howthat compares to other model.s
The only android phone small enough for my tiny hands! Exactly what I was looking for :-)
excellent article and covered buy my expectations
No surprises. Came quick and as described.
Exactly what I wanted in a phone. It's small enough that my tiny hands can reach the other side of the screen, and it didn't come with tons of unnecessary undeleteable bloatware.
My teenage son got this [phone] for Christmas and still has not put it down yet. I had to ban him from taking it to the bathroom. He has had a Samsung phone since he was 7 years old. He is into gaming graphics and stuff, so he loves his phone!
Delivered in time expected product just as advertised love the new phone
Fast and easy to use.
Excellent phone! Works perfectly.
I would have given this phone 5 stars but for some reason I can barely hear the ring tones when someone is calling even though the setting is turned all of the way up. Also it says it comes with the sim card in the box and mine didn't. I had to purchase one from amazon and they reimbursed me for it (which is another review). Oddly enough Sprint doesn't sell sim cards though it's through their network. Just dumb...but the phone was packaged nice. Headphones work great and it's the perfect sized phone for me. I spent days looking for a phone that looked like a phone and not a tablet. My only issue with the phone is the sim card locked while I was connecting to the network so Sprint connected me from their site and now my phone doesn't show that the phone reads the sim card. But obviously it does or else I wouldn't be able to use the phone.
2 months in it has been a solid and reliably quick phone. Only problem is Sprints spotty service.
Excellent phone, I bought it to replace my Samsung Galaxy S4. The size is much more reasonable on the mini.
Great little phone. Liked it so much, we bought another.
I love itIt came with every thing I needI love galexy
Exactly how it was described to me in the description. It was brand new and still in factory box. Set up with simple and SIM card was in the phone already.
I love my phone! It's the perfect size for me (slightly bigger than an iPhone 4s). The only thing I can say I do not like is that the battery doesn't last as long as I would have preferred. Also, the messenger app likes to stop working here and there. But otherwise I really enjoy it and prefer it to the iPhone.
Todo ok!
Everything was great. Phone works great. It was delivered on time. Thanks
Amazing and fast service. Product was exactly as described, NEW. Was going to use this phone as a temporary phone, but will use it as my main phone now. Thank you.
I love this phone! I have small hands and as phones get bigger and bigger, I am grateful for a small phone that works just as well stye big ones!
It is a very good phone but am disappointed it does not work internationally..It doesn't have the option of GSM and there is nothing i can do about it but just pack it ..besides that i would recommend it to anyone living in the States.Light and works very well.
Bought it for my mom. She did not like it. After a week of use she won't let go of it.
Product works great, and the body of the phone is flawless. Thank you!
I love this Samsung Galaxy phone, however this is locked phone i had to return it..sad...
Bought this as a replacement for my daughter who's Galaxy 4S got broken right after getting it. This is a great little phone and she loves it. It does everything the larger version does but just a little smaller. She said she really loves it.
Excelent phone
Excellent phone, void reception and voice quality. Good amount of accessories like cases and extended batteries. World class tech support helped me debug a bad sd card.My only minor comment is how intrusive touchwiz is , as I think that we as the owners of the device should be able to select to use plain android.
The Phone arrived quick. I was very surprised ..... for the phone to be a mini Galaxy 4 the quality is great... Thanks
Great seller. Item as described.
excellent
Easy to carry fast enough to search ulr
Small yet full featured. Just what I wanted.
excellent article and covered buy my expectations
No surprises. Came quick and as described.
Exactly what I wanted in a phone. It's small enough that my tiny hands can reach the other side of the screen, and it didn't come with tons of unnecessary undeleteable bloatware.
Delivered in time expected product just as advertised love the new phone
Fast and easy to use.
Excellent phone! Works perfectly.
I would have given this phone 5 stars but for some reason I can barely hear the ring tones when someone is calling even though the setting is turned all of the way up. Also it says it comes with the sim card in the box and mine didn't. I had to purchase one from amazon and they reimbursed me for it (which is another review). Oddly enough Sprint doesn't sell sim cards though it's through their network. Just dumb...but the phone was packaged nice. Headphones work great and it's the perfect sized phone for me. I spent days looking for a phone that looked like a phone and not a tablet. My only issue with the phone is the sim card locked while I was connecting to the network so Sprint connected me from their site and now my phone doesn't show that the phone reads the sim card. But obviously it does or else I wouldn't be able to use the phone.
love it
Finding a smaller phone on the Sprint network can be tough. My husband and I both have S4 minis and they have a smaller size without compromising on features. My husband has big fingers and was worried about moving to the small screen but after a couple days of adjustment he hasn't found it to be an issue. We got our phones used so I can't comment of battery life but the speakers, camera, and screen quality all meet our expectations. The only thing I would change would be that the screen is still quite bright on the lowest light setting. Its fine for normal phone use but I like to read in bed and it is quite bright for that.
Bought it for my wife, she's had it for about 6 months now and still loves it. Great size and good screen.
Awesome phone. Had to return though since it was a sprint phone.
Great Item Fast Shipping
I LIKED IT SO MUCH I BOUGHT A NEW ONE THIS COMPANY IS REAL GOOD
A good dependable smart phone. I would have given it five stars, but I find the battery wears down so fast. I don't know howthat compares to other model.s
The only android phone small enough for my tiny hands! Exactly what I was looking for :-)
Very Good.
Love the phone, arrived brand new
I won't be able to use this phone as an actual phone until December, since I am a Ting customer and they are not allowed to activate this model before then, but the price was a good deal for this phone, and it seems to be working fine in all other aspects so, two thumbs up.
Been using it a week or so now, seems like a great phone at a great price. Arrived promptly, in good condition, seemed new: exactly as specified. Activated perfectly with Sprint. What else could I ask for? Good job, Mango Wireless.
Bought this phone for my husband and he loves it. He likes smaller phones so this was great. We had no issues getting it activated either. I would definitely recommend this phone.
It is amazing is a great phone I am happy to have this phone my live is better .
I've had the phone for a bout a week and so far no issues. Everything works as I expected it. It came new and everything works beautifully. I also had no problems putting it onto the contract I was already on.
I purchased this to replace the iphone 5 my two year old decided to dunk in Powerade...and I. SERIOUSLY. LOVE. IT!! It does soooo much more!!
Needed a replacement phone for my son. This was brand new, easy set up. Thanks a lot.
awesome transaction .phone works good and was just as described
I`m 100% satisfy quality and service.This phone was exactly as advertised and absolutely new in the box.And really fast track. I ordered 27, jan but this item arrived by jan 31. soooooo good!!If I have chance, I will be buy again.Thank you so much for gave me good quality mobile.
Arrived on time, popped my Sim in works like a charm, love it
Just received my phone today and its working just fine , the only thing I'm unsure about is if the phone is unlocked or not. I tried inserting my T-Mobile Sim card and it asked for a pin code ! Other then that I love the phone overall.
Great phone!!. Great service from the seller.
Great AAA+++
Great conditions!!!
Exactly as advertised and arrived before their commitment.
Device arrived two days earlier than expected!! Came in a regular box. Not a Galaxy box, but doesn't make a difference. Clean and well packaged. My service provider is AT&T. I simply switched my SIM card to the new phone, turned it on and did the setup as required for new devices. As soon as I slipped my SIM card in the device was doing what it was suppose to e doing!! Incoming/Outgoing calls and texting without ANY interruption.Love this devise for its colorful, bright pictur images. I owned one before, and had to have a another one!!
This phone works very well, haven't experienced problems. And I barely noticed it had light scratches.
I love my new phone
Great
Phone came as described got here 3 days early! Super satisfied overall
It worked great. We hooked it up with a straight talk service. Some of the settings had to be changed for the Internet to work without wifi but it was a simple quick fix. It has a great screen and is a fast phone. My daughter loves it.
It (The Galaxy S4) is a fantastic cellphone. I still have a lot to learn (being an old man) but I am learning it with my niecewho is an expert with the Galaxy S4 teaching me a lot and she is teching my wife too since I bought her one too. We are very happy with them..
It works good. no problem and awesome.
Just perfect, as advertised
Purchased for my brother. He approved of the color and quality.
Just received the phone and have only had for a couple of days but I love it!
Item arrived very quickly and was as described. Highly rated ebay dealer. A+
couldn't be happier! put a nice case on and use it...very nice!
Awesome thanks
Not unlocked but I have att Sim card anyway. Came new in box. Very happy with the phone, does everything I need it to and plays games smoothly.
Phone arrived in 3 days, was packed very well. Phone came with battery and power cord, all items worked and phone has been working fine.
Great product and seller.
Love my new phone. I had the 4S Zoom which had a great camera on it but was very awkward to hold. Then the battery always had to be recharged. Finally it just died.
Love, love, love! I held on to my Blackberry Curve "ancient" model for ever, actually until recently when I ordered this Samsung. The Blackberry still was working fine and only cost one penny when I bought it online a few years ago. Even my carrier said "upgrade already!" Everybody was toting around these big ass phones looking like a laptop on their waistlines... LOL So I said "what the heck". It's cool, no problems yet. These reviews do help because I remember one person saying "you have to hold in the button pushing hard" to get it to turn on.... I see what she meant, but it's cool, it's a change and haven't had any problems so far. Thanks Amazon you rock!
i love the phone ,had to send back because after a charge i turned it on great !!put security code got a black screen.the place i bought it from were very gracious and replacing it for me . i hoped to get it back real soon . i love this phone so much i bought another for me ,cuz hubby took this one,
Item just as described. No problems at all. Very satisfied!
Product was as advertised
loved it works very well
Phone was just as described, works perfectly.
Phone arrived in a timely manner and just as described
They we're very detailed I just did not read it all they way. We all learn and I did. As to read the hole description of what I am buying. But they did have it under boost mobile search. But I should have read the hole thing
Good phone great price
Love my phone! Arrived quickly!
Good phone not badly scratched
Loving my new phone! Just updated to the S4 from the S2 and love some of the new features. Customer service of company I ordered from was awesome as well - very happy with my purchase!
Awesome phone and super fast shipping.
This phone works very well, haven't experienced problems. And I barely noticed it had light scratches.
I love my new phone
Great
Phone came as described got here 3 days early! Super satisfied overall
It (The Galaxy S4) is a fantastic cellphone. I still have a lot to learn (being an old man) but I am learning it with my niecewho is an expert with the Galaxy S4 teaching me a lot and she is teching my wife too since I bought her one too. We are very happy with them..
It works good. no problem and awesome.
excellent choice
Great phone!
Awesome
Men love this phone that I'm not gonna change it until its broken or not working
5 STAR THIS PHONE IS EVERYTHING THEY SAID IT WAS GREAT INVESTMENT
Love It! Great Condition... Works Excellent! Very nice price! Thanks
Fast delivery. Everything I expected.
Very happy with my new S4. Lost my phone and needed a replacement, came super fast and new. So much better than my windows phone or my S3.
Better than expected
Glad to have made this choice the phone is excellent! It's been awhile now that I have it and so far no problems. Was able to use my current carrier metro pcs with no problems as well.
Nice phone - easy to switch service from my old one - fantastic deal.
I really like this phone!It arrived on time and it was in like new condition as stated in the discription. I love the red color! I was pleased to get a phone that was basically brand new for a very reasonable price.
Great phone and service
Perfect condition and worth the money!
Thank u for a wonderful phone
Great buy, works perfectly
awesome transaction .phone works good and was just as described
I`m 100% satisfy quality and service.This phone was exactly as advertised and absolutely new in the box.And really fast track. I ordered 27, jan but this item arrived by jan 31. soooooo good!!If I have chance, I will be buy again.Thank you so much for gave me good quality mobile.
Arrived on time, popped my Sim in works like a charm, love it
Just received my phone today and its working just fine , the only thing I'm unsure about is if the phone is unlocked or not. I tried inserting my T-Mobile Sim card and it asked for a pin code ! Other then that I love the phone overall.
Great phone!!. Great service from the seller.
Great AAA+++
Great conditions!!!
Exactly as advertised and arrived before their commitment.
As described. Excellent device.
Refurbished phone for 300 bucks. Nice upgrade from my old phone without the new phone price.
I'd take a galaxy over an iPhone any day.
Works great
I love this phone. it arrive early. love the 5 inch screen. It is very responsive. I had the galaxy note before and it was a little big, but the 5 inch is just perfect for me. It is a galaxy s4 i337.
samsung is samsung
Nothing but praises for this phone. It's unlocked. It comes with those AT&T and Samsung apps that you can't remove, but its ok :)I love this phone more than my previous iPhone 4s.
works good, but after 3 monts maybe he stat to not work sometimes
I purchased this unlocked phone for my youngest son. He loves it!! I am so thankful that I had the option to purchase it. Thank you!!!
Great deal ! It exactly what I was looking for.
very good phone
Great phone. Knew it would be. Samsung is the best in my book!
Awesome
Like new condition. Works great with T-Mobile.
excelente
Great
The item was returned because I purchased it for a gift and had already been replaced. I just no longer needed it.
Works as expected. No problems putting on net10 and adding their APN settings.
Another great deal! This is the 3rd phone I have bought and have had not one problem with any of them. Why have I bought 3? Because I got them for everyone in my home.
Works as if it was brand new. Packaging was great. I bought it for my aunt who had a Galaxy S3 prior to receiving this phone. She can't get over how much faster the S4 is. She's very happy and I have peace of mind knowing her cell phone is always on her and that it works well.
Great product arrived on time and works as supposed to.
Works great so far. No problems. Lots of storage. So much cheeper then buying from the phone store. And no contract required. Using with Verizon and it works great.
I like the phone but it didn't come with head phones why?
It was a great phone! My husband is super hard on phones and it lasted with him for about 2 years!! I would order again if i needed to!
Ok phone but cant seem to hold a signal if WiFi is on.
Good phone
As expected
Phone just crashed didn't last long
Great phone for a good price! Everything arrived as seen in picture and quickly too. Would order from this seller again!!
Muy bien
Just what I wanted. Had no problem with using it on straight talk. Just but my Sims card in and bam worked.
Excelent Ítem.
Phone its excellent, charger came damage I plugged it on with USB it worked
Excellent condition
My grandson loves it
Good, reliable phone with removable battery and micro SD card. It's older technology but does the most important things well at a low price.
I will give a 4 star. the phone was a gift. the reciever seems to be happy
Larger screen and faster than old phone. I have only had the phone a month. So far been great.
I bought the S4 not to be used as a phone, but just as an Android device. It was cheaper than an Apple iPod with better functionality. The only concern I have it that the back cover seems a bit flimsy.
Pic clear distinction
Very pleased.
Came unlocked. Great phone,
Arrivedo in a timely manner, brand new! Excellent service!Thank you!
Works
my sis love it
Great product.
perfecta condicion
Honestly, I didn't read the reviews for this phone before buying it. After purchase I read the reviews and was a little worried. I received the phone and it looked fantastic! Only thing was it didn't come with head phones or in it's original case like in the photo. The phone itself I tested for all the problems others had with it and it works wonderfully! Fantastic color and graphics! Thanks so much! Looking forward to receiving the headphones
Absolutely love love love this phone!! It came early and was exactly as advertised! !
Arrived in good working order and continues to work well several months later.
This was my sister Christmas gift it was due to come after the 28th but came the day after Christmas! Looks brand new no scratches,no issues with our companys sim, and even came with some decent headphones. My sister is over the moon!!!
In great condition. No complaints
Working great great phone...
Screen when dark after 3 days of using it.
Great price for this product works on cricket wireless, which is At&T's network.
Love this phone works out great. Got in great condition works perfect. I recommend this to anyone and everyone who wants a great phone best in stock.
Battery bulges out deforming the back plate which concerns me (safety reasons) but other then that it is a great phone and excellent value for the money. I just hope the battery holds :o
Love my phone
Product works great and extremely fast shipping
Great phone, no lag whatsoever and that's a first for any android I've owned. The newer phones will be faster but if youre looking for a cheap, reliable phone with 4g capability this one will be perfect.
Love the phone, no issues with it at all. I was able to use my old sim card without any problems.
Very good
I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it! We needed an unlocked phone that we could use straight talk with and it needed to run thru AT&T due to their location. This phone fit the bill and she is thrilled to have a newer phone with a great camera and all the bells and whistles but still able to have an affordable monthly payment with straight talk. Very satisfied with this phone!
love this phone.
excellent, shipped on time, high quality product, recommend.
My husband brags about this phone all the time. Glad he's happy.
Packaging was old & torn but phone looked and worked like new. This was my first phone off the open market, hopefully it last long; so far so good.
Excellent phone
This comment is for the unlocked Galaxy S4 from the vendor Blutek USA. The box was not sealed when I received it. I'm not sure if that's how Samsung packaged it, but the phone looked brand new and so far it is working flawlessly. It should be noted that it is an AT&T branded phone, and the TMobile tech walked me through step by step so that the 4G LTE would work in their network. The battery is also holding up well. I wouldn't mind buying the same phone from the same vendor in the future.
I am absolutely in love with this phone!!! I was a little worried as other reviewers had talked about having trouble activating the phone. It was easy, I had to buy a sim activation kit for $10 and followed the instruction, NO PROBLEMS!!! YAY!!! I am so glad Tracfone finally got the BYOP program. <3
Had to return it because it was not compatible with Boost, but other than that it was in mint brand new condition!
I bought this and took my sim card from my Consumer Cellular phone. It worked after calling Consumer Cellular. The process took only five minutes. The phone is fantastic! This is my first smartphone and I must admit it was easy. Thank you.
Great authentic Galaxy S4
Killer phone, killer price \m/
So far I am happy with this phone.!!
Happy. This is my second refurbish phone from Amazon.
thank's
Just as posted. Works great.
came on time and just as described
This is a replacement for my S4 that was slightly damaged in a bad car accident. I love my S4 and refuse to pay the outrageous upgrade prices for phones that are marginally better.
Everything I wanted
good product
good
Prompt service, great product!
excelente
This may be the best phone I've ever purchased! I love it!
excelente
I loved it , the phone was in perfect condition , I am very satisfied.
The tablet looks & works like new besy tablet I have ever had ! Ralely use my new laptop this like having a computer in the palm of your hand.
After 2 horrible phones from US wireless and Onetime cell I have found the right third party company. I took a chance with them and my money and in return I got an awesome phone so far. I will definitely update my status "if"🙏there is a problem. Great phone everything you want in a unlocked phone and at a great price. And the phone software can be upgraded👍👍👍
Excellent upgrade from my SII. Get great 4G LTE in rural PA through Straight Talk. Absolutely a true super smartphone.
Heavy Duty Protection
Good seller, good cellphone
great phone at a great price. it came ready to use. i have t-mobile and even though the phone was at&t i had no problem connecting it to t-mobile.
I had a Galaxy S4 for 2 years and absolutely loved it. The size is perfect, it's very fast and the design is very nice. Also, it takes amazing pictures. This old S4 I had started having issues reading the SIM card, so I decided it was time to buy a new one, and I immediately knew I wanted to buy a S4 again.The item arrived quickly and in its original box. It comes with its charger, earphones and battery. It also comes with an instruction manual.I was scared when the item first arrived as I ordered an unlocked phone and this one seemed to be AT&T (It even has the AT&T logo on the back). When I turned it on, the AT&T logo appeared again, and it had a lot of their apps too. However, when I tried it with a different carrier's SIM, it worked just fine. I'm guessing these phones were the ones that AT&T didn't sell, so they unlocked them.Very happy with my phone. I love this model.
No problems to report. It's a solid phone if you are not a technology hound and looking for capable modern smart phone without breaking the bank.
A good phone,for a friend in jamacia, and she likes it.
Great
So far, so good! Works great and in near new condition.
thanks guys for the article. it was what i expected.
Phone was packaged as new, Turns out it was AT&T and I which works ok for my straight talk, I wish they were more clear about that in the description. I think I will have a hard time selling this after I'm finished with it now.
Very good product, the seller met the service.
Love the Galexy S4. It's the most current phone I've ever been able to afford and I love Amazon for making that possible!
phone is more than expected - works very well and at a great price = makes me very satisfied.
the best
Very good! Thank you.
Costly
works like a champ!
The phone arrived as described. Great product. The battery life is not as long as I had hoped but the phone itself works great!
Happy with my purchase.
My husband is very please with his new Samsung Galaxy S4.
without box and earphones
The best celular
I ordered this from Taylor wireless as a used phone came in a bit less than a week. I bought it used, I would have never guessed it was used absolutely pristine condition. I am extremely happy with my purchase I more than got my expectations met.
I love my phone and all the great features. It is all that I expected and more. I am very impressed. Love it!!
The phone arrived earlier than expected, it was in its original box and the red color was awesome. I had an I-phone 4 and I didn't want to change it at all because I was so used to it but once I got this phone I saw a big difference between phones. The Samsung S4 is waaaaaaaaay better than the I-phone, it has a bigger screen, better graphics and you don't have to jailbreak it to get all the good stuff. Love this phone!!!!
The galaxy s4 is the best. The screen blows away the apple iPhone 5s i own. man, i love the widgets too.
This review will be less about the product itself (because we all know this is an amazing, powerful, fast, feature-packed flagship smartphone) and more about SIM Compatibility/Network. Because that's why we're looking at unlocked phones, right?I digress. In June, I bought the Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy SIII from WalMart for $459.99. I thought it an amazing purchase that I would not regret... I was so wrong. Little did I know it was a CDMA phone (locked to Straight Talk) and it ran on the SPRINT network. This meant little to me then, but it means the world to me now, because I now know that Sprint is the most awful, bogged-down, spotty, insert-derogatory-phrase-here network on this entire planet. I live in Hawaii, and Sprint's network in Hawaii is an absolute joke. I had no service at my own house OR my workplace that was right on the convergence line of two Sprint towers (Sprint can't switch towers very easily so just went into roaming). The closest Sprint tower to my house had a coverage radius of roughly 1 mile, and still does. And worst of all, it's a 3G-only network. Not a regular 3G network, either. I got EDGE speeds at best. I've never pulled more than 1Mbps on the up or down. Straight Talk's S3 was also very watered down, with a locked bootloader and very limited software accessibility. It was a sad life for me.I had had it. I was done with this pitiful excuse for a carrier. All my friends had either AT&T or Verizon, who both had full LTE buildouts here. They always pulled webpages and videos like lightning. Their coverage was broad and consistent. I figured it was time to pinch a few pennies. I had heard that Straight Talk had released an LTE-capable AT&T SIM Card, and I needed a phone for it to power. I had my heart pretty much set on the S4, but didn't know which one to get.This was the one.The product arrived brand-new and completely unopened. Shiny new S4. I put it in the wall, popped the SIM in, edited the APN settings ([...]) and BAM. The 4G LTE icon popped up in the status bar, as well as two consistent bars of service. My experience thus far has been wonderful - I've been pulling a pretty steady 15up/19down everywhere I've been thus far. I now have coverage in my home. I have yet to see the NO SERVICE icon. This may not be a problem for many of you as you may be already coming from AT&T's network - but it's a whole different world for me.TL;DR? This phone works perfectly with Straight Talk's AT&T Micro SIM card. There is no hassle and no fuss - I set it up entirely online in 10 minutes. If these qualifications meet your criteria, buy this sucker - you won't be disappointed.
loved this product ! workes great i just wish it came with instrustions because i am an iphone user and im new to android .
A tad bigger than the Samsung Skyrocket, this phone is fast. It has neither crashed, nor shown any lag. The screen and back of the phone can get a bit hot to touch. I find this happens with most Android phones I have owned (i.e. Captivate, Skyrocket, S4), especially if you have the back light raised to maximum output for longer than several minutes.A word of caution: if you are a developer or like to root your devices, you should be aware that you need the MDB/MDL firmware versions of the phone in order to install a recovery. If you have MF3, firmware, you will not be able to install recovery and it will be trick to root the device. I believe "safe strap" is the answer but I do not know the details. Look into this issue before purchasing. Further, if you do purchase a device and it is rootable, your carrier will likely try to push an over the air update to your firmware changing it to MF3 or beyond. If you want to root and install a recovery, you will have to stop this process. I advise you also look into this.Update Nov 2013: I believe there is a way to root and install a recovery on S4s with MF3 or later firmware. One method is called "Safe Strap."
If you are looking for a high quality smartphone, and great service, SoonerSoft Electronics will be the right choice !
This was the EXACT phone AT&T used to sell. It was even in their (AT&T's) box. I am very happy with the screen resolution, size & functions. I have a Samsung tablet & this is very similar so it was easy to learn how to use it.
product is great. love it
Great phone for the money! Brand new in the box! I took it to my at&t store and they transferred my information from my old phone to the new one!
Nice phone. Its small enough to fit in my pocket. Love the S4 technology.
works great.as described.
order was shipped on time and the product was as advertised
Phones was in perfect condition. Works great on Cricket Network. No issues at all, love the phone.
Would be 5 stars, great phone, good price. But, in the picture that it shows, it shows two cables, one I imagined would be headphones, I did not receive any, the screen was slightly scuffed, nothing terrible. And it did not come in Samsung box, slightly disappointing but overall great phone. I ordered mine from "Observeye". Phone arrived fast.The phone was "refurbished".Also I don't believe the charger is the factory charger either.
It was good.
The phone works great and haven't had any issues with it at all! Would definitely purchase from them again!
I love my phone. Every thing I wanted and more.
Good quality product. Everything works.
Very happy with it. It does more then I will ever need. I really like the ease of talking your messages and other information.
I am super pleased with my purchase!!!!! I bought a "supposedly" used phone from the seller Chubbiestech at a very reasonable price. I use the word "supposedly" because the phone I got had no problems - cosmetically or technically. I got all genuine Samsung parts and the shipment was really fast. Overall, I am truly satisfied with my purchase from Chubbiestech being that it was first time (^,^)
I have used it over one week it is very goodthxxxxx
Just what I needed, works great, price was fair
GOOD PHONE
I return to what I know and I'm comfortable with. Thank you for a quality product.
I am enjoying my phone!
Good phone but can't be fully rooted.
Excellent purchase,replaced my broken phone. It's actually an AT&T unlocked phone but the AT&T apps are easy to remove. The only problem I has was with shipping,it took almost 2 weeks to receive the phone,not Supreme deals fault,they were excellent to deal with!
I love my phone it came used , and so far I didn't have any trouble.
Bought it to replace my wife's old a gs2. She's very happy with it.
I received my phone yesterday, no doubt a brand new phone. No cosmetic damage at all 100% on that, after I turned it on and got my straight talk info and all the APNs switched over, I kept getting an unauthorized changes message pop up, and the screen had a bunch of lines that kept running through almost looked like bar code like the phone had been dropped. I hadn't dropped it this was straight out of the box. This phone other wise is great, I'll be taking it to see if I can fix the bugs or replacing it
I love what I bought
It's a great phone and I wish I'd bought one earlier. Wish it had come with a owners manual for those of us who have never had an android.
Good work in Venezuela with Movistar
Okay so I was not a fan of samsung, two many friends a lot of horror stories, I purchased one for my hubby he's a big fan, I tried his I fell in love now I need the six. Phone arrived way before the time so impressed
Google services
amazing phone!!! luckily it was a T-Mobile phone, just what I needed!
S4
Just got phone. This is an AT&T phone with the AT&T logo on the phone and with the box that says it is locked. However, I have straight talk with at&t towers so when I called straight talk to get phone connected, it worked. But,... This phone IS an AT&T phone, not a pure, straight from Samsung, unlocked phone. So it is not unlocked it the sense you can use it with any carrier because this phone was made by AT&T for AT&T. Im pretty sure my phone is new, but when I got it, the back case was half open and there was debris under the plastic protector on the back of the phone. The screen protector was on the screen, it peeled off clean and everything in the box appeared new and unopened. I even got Samsung earbuds. If the phone works, I'll keep it, but I thought this was a Samsung unlocked phone, not an AT&T unlocked phone.Minus one star because of this and because of the back case open and debris. I'll update for the good or bad in future if necessary. I actually started the return process and printed out return labels because the box said it was locked. Seeing now as I got it working, I'll keep it for bit and try it out before making a decision on to keep or return.I do like that this phone has removable battery as most if all new phones these days don't... That is just stupid.***update 9-15-15***I'm returning. Just bought this phone Don straight talk as it is a straight Samsung phone without the stupid at@t boatware.
So far so good. I've been using it for about a week and I'm loving it.
Works great
Good
Besides the fact that the case is made of plastic and when it vibrates it makes a weird sound, I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
Excellent, and the best. It is a very good machine to work with everyday and you will get the best out it.
EXCELENT
Fast, best WiFi connection, great camera, easy connection to my carrier (Consumer Cellular), only negative is the lack of a printed handbook for all the additional options included in this phone.
My S3 gave out so I was confident this phone would be great.
I bought this as a upgrade so I wouldn't have to go through AT&T. I have had this phone for a couple days and have had no problems with it. I have a camo otterbox defender coming in the mail tomorrow
great phone
Excellent product! Brand new in box as stated. Works perfectly! Would have rated 5 stars had it been unlocked. But it wasnt a big deal as the phone being replaced used the same sim and was already using straight talk through AT&T towers. This phone was a gift and was very well received! I would love one for myself to upgrade from my S3. The S4 is much faster, especially after disabling all the bloatware that comes installed!
After the first one that was faulty, the second is great.4 stars
Everything was like i saw it when i bought it on the web
Excellent prodruct
Phone is great. Terrific seller.
this phone is great.it is a upgrade from an aspire 2. the phone came with all it described hesdset,charger,battery and as it said IN THE BOX,UNLOCKED.! charged up the phone overnight and was really surprised at all the apps that were installed.i really love baseball so i installed MLB/ATBAT,couldn't download the app, put in a call to MLB SUPPORT and they had me up in 10 min.i like the photo resolution really good photos.this phone is really great for me i text message alot and tweet so i'm satisfied with its brightness and clarity ,even the feature i can enlarge the message.only drawback is the battery.
love it!!!
I moved from S2 to S4 and I'm really happy with it as I was with the S2. The screen is really big and clear without the phone being as bulky as the Note. I wear this on my belt. The new features work fine. The 13MP camera looks amazing as you take pictures. The problem is that you have to take pictures very still. You almost need to use a tripod. If you move just a little, the picture ends up blurry. Now the video it takes looks just amazing.The battery doesn't last more than half a day, but I do use it a lot for internet, videos and games so I'm used to charging it all night and at work. The processors are really fast and you now have a lot of memory. Enough to have multiple big programs open without issue. I used to have some issues installing many apps in my S2 because of small internal memory (not everything could be moved to the SD). I haven't had to worry about that with the S4 yet. I also tested the screen mirroring feature with a nice Samsung tv and there was some lag but it was OK. When watching a video, you can just send the video instead of the screen and then there is no lag. I also considered the S5 but this one was $400 and the S5 was more than $600.Overall really happy with it. If I learn how to configure the camera so the shutter is faster or it compensates for slight hand movements I will never let go of this phone.
This is a great phone. The camera is outstanding! I am still learning about all the features and controls.I was going to buy the S3 but when comparing it to the S4 it became a no-brainer. This ph will do abouta thousand times more than my first computer, seriously. I can't see where I would ever need more than this one.I am using Straight Talk with AT&T. Works great.
Absolutely Awesome, delivered as offered, excelent condition, I am using it with Straight Talk and works perfectly
I don't know why I waited so long to buy this phone. I kept my last phone for over 6 years (Motorola Q9C) and it had always been nearly worthless for doing anything online, although I could get my e-mail through it and do some limited surfing if I had enough time and patience. I had an unbelievably cheap service plan that I was reluctant to give up (couldn't upgrade the phone and keep the plan). But I finally threw in the towel, and now I'm asking myself why I waited so long. This phone does EVERYTHING.The one thing I was reluctant about was typing on a touchscreen, which I have difficulty with. But then I realized I don't even need to type, I can dictate e-mails and texts! And it works great! I'm using it with Straight Talk on AT&T's network and it's been flawless, with 4g LTE speeds (need the correct APN settings to get LTE). The battery life has been good (although I am not a heavy user), and on standby it's phenomenal, it seems to barely use any power at all. The sound quality is great, the screen is great, and as each day passes and I learn more and more about how to use this phone, the happier I get with it.Prior to buying this I had read quite a bit about the fake phones out there and was determined to not be fooled into getting one of those. I did a lot of research about what to look for, and everything I read about this phone indicated it was the real deal. But one never knows until they get it in their hands. After receiving it I carefully examined everything, then downloaded and ran the "Genuine Galaxy - Phone Info" app which confirmed that the phone is authentic. What a relief. I bought this from seller "Mango Wireless," fulfilled by Amazon. It was brand new, in Samsung packaging. The only thing that seemed to be missing from the box was a warranty card (there were manufacturer's pamphlets explaining the warranty - but no card). It was listed in the description as being "Imported," which for cameras means there is no USA warranty. Not sure if that means the same thing for phones, but it probably does. I could have gotten the add-on 2-year protection plan for an additional $69, but decided to go without that. I figured I could send it back to Amazon within 30 days if need be, but if it ran fine during that time it would be unlikely to go bad over the succeeding 11 months anyway (Samsung's usual warranty is 1 year). I did get an Otterbox Defender case for it to provide some extra accident protection. Some may find that case to be too bulky, but I love it. I've had the phone for 3 weeks now and it is working perfectly.One of my passions is long-distance self-supported bicycle touring, and in the past I have taken a netbook, phone, mp3 player, camera and GPS with me, which adds quite a bit of weight to my setup. All of that will now be replaced with just this phone - awesome! This will lower my riding weight by 5 or 6 pounds and reduce the volume of supplies I need to carry. I am going to test it out on a tour starting in one week and will update this review with how it all worked out.I couldn't be happier with this phone.//UPDATE 12/7/2014// - The phone is still flawless. I've had it for 5 months now and still love it. No issues at all. On the bike tour it worked great. I kept an online blog, updating it only with this phone. I also used it to watch movies at night in my tent - I had about 25 movies copied to the memory card. The movies played flawlessly and the sound was good enough to not need earphones, but I often used earphones anyway. A 90-minute movie used about 20% of the battery charge which I thought was pretty good. No regrets.
working fine
I LOVE MY PHONE!!!!!!
Love it would buy again
as advertised
I had to pay 15.00 to an unlocking service to use it on T-Mobile. 4 stars for the phone and NO stars for the seller Wireless Experts, Inc. A quick note, too: S4 I337 is a phone made for use with AT&T, not T-Mobile, even though both provides are GSM. "Unlocked" means you SHOULD be able to use it for both providers, which is clearly not the case here.Now, on to what matters: the phone. This is my first Samsung It's a lot snappier than my all 3 of my generic BLU Studio phones. It's plenty fast for what I use it primarily for, namely, browse the Web and stream music and videos. I went with an older model as I didn't think it was worth shelling out 2-3 times more for an S5 or S6 for what I gather to be a marginal (imperceptible?) improvement in speeds.No problems with this phone for texting, emailing, and phone calls. It's 4G LTE but I only get 2-3 Mbps when I did a benchmark on the speedtest (.net) site, but then again, that what I got on my BLU Studio 4G LTE phones, so it must be a T-Mobile network issue, not the phone. Still, 2-3 Mbps is plenty for streaming full HD videos on the phone's 1920 x 1080 resolution (441 dpi if I'm not mistaken).Additionally, text is sharp and images are sharp and vibrant. The view angles are absolutely stunning. There is no drop-off in visibility at viewing angles close to 180 degrees on all four sides. There is a tiny ghosting problem, however, perceptible only with a dark background and light foreground -- not a deal breaker by any means.Plus, unlike the S6, the phone has a removable/replaceable battery. I usually bring a portable battery charger with me but I like the option of switching out the spent battery for a fresh one if I need to.For basic usage like phone calls, texting, social media, browsing the Web and for more CPU-intensive usage like Full HD video streaming and music streaming, this phone performs like a champ. If these are what you plan on using your phone primarily for, I'd definitely recommend this over the S5 or S6 and definitely over the Note series. It may be an older model but it NOT outdated for sure. I expect it to provide faithful service for many years to come.
I bought this phone as gift for my husband, and he's only had it a few days, but he absolutely loves it! He has not let it out of his sight since receiving it. I received the phone within 4 days of ordering it and was very pleased with the packaging and contents. I would order from this dealer again, and I highly recommend the phone.
Very Good
good
Awesome, my package came earlier than expected.
Good phone but too expensive
Loving this Samsung S4 - best feature - the camera takes the best picture ever!! (13mp)
In great condition
Brand new in book a s advertised
Good
We got two of these and they are working pretty good. I can't use the phone as a hotspot, because it isn't T Mobile and the applications don't work properly.
what I at first thought there was something wrong with the phone, it turns out that is Samsung fault. I read the reviews and a lot wrote sim card does not read. Samsung knows of this defect on the s4 and will not recall due to cost and being older phone. If you YouTube you will see that there are solutions. Many encountered this problem, nothing wrong with phone. I had it for almost a month and it works, I did a factory reset and disabled what I did not need, installed what apps I want. It works fine. worth the money. I am giving it 4 not because of phone but the seller should know and state that Samsung is the one with the issue. It would avoid a lot of returns and headaches. If people know about it, I believe it would be better for all.
It's a great phone, the only problem we had was that even though it's says it's unlocked, still you are not allowed to tether internet from the phone, the company does not allow it. Other than that, happy with the purchase.
Great Product
Perfect. No flaws. Works like new
the cellphone its ok, but I dont know why I can upgrade the OS (OS version is 4.2.2 jelly bean). A few days after I bought the same cellphone to a relative and this got OS 5.0.1 Lollipop. I dont know why mine came with jelly bean 4.2.2 and its impossible to upgrade it. I wanna get that upgrade. Please let me know how to do it.
Excellent service provided, would totally use again if needed in the future.
Loving the phone it was shipped quickly, easy to set up and so far the best phone I have owned.
Very versatile phone meeting all the needs
Great product at a great price!
Good product...
the spouse loved the phone... glad she's a happy camper!
this is a really great phone. I bought mine used, and looked brand new when I got it. the s4 is tough, and still technologically relevant today...2016.
Absolutely no issues with either the phone or the packaging, arrived in perfect condition, and worked as soon as I inserted the sim card from my old phone.
This is my most favorite device of all time and I was seriously deciding between this or a nexus 5x I chose this because of its small bezels brilliant display and fantastic performance the camera is a plus too so yeah I love this phone.
This phone was fully unlocked and worked with my t-mobile sim card right out of the box! Shipping arrived 2 days earlier than expected. Thanks for this AWESOME phone!
This was a pretty nice phone. I broke mine and needed one as a replacement so I bought this. I was uneasy about it but it was perfect. Worked perfect and is unlocked. I'd recommend it to someone.
Completely new, it is amazing. it is exactly how the seller describe in the description
best phone I’ve owned
Great phone. Works great
LOVE THIS PHONE!! Came exactly as described in good time new and in the box. It has amazing features and I don't know how I ever got along without it.
looked great, worked wonderfully
Great phone
EXCELLENT
I purchased from TronicSpot. The phone was new in original packaging. It was unlocked, but I could not upgrade the OS from 4.2.2 even using an AT&T SIM card. I had several rounds of supportive emails with Chris at TronicSpot. I was offered to return the phone within their 30 day warranty. I took the phone to a Best Buy to a Samsung Experience "store" to get the latest AT&T version of 4.4.4, with bloatware and all. Very happy with the phone and TronicSpot. While a few years old, the value is great and it pairs well with the waterproof case from Lifeproof.
All perfect
Great product
VERY GOOD MY SON LIKE IT
I love this phone its a really great phone.
Good phone and needed it unlocked. Surprised it didn't come with any manuals, but you can download the 67 page document if necessary.
I believe Samsung Galaxy phones are the best on the market. Mine works great!
Phone has some great features, the one I like the best is that you can download apps with two or three steps.
My daughter loves it
Great looking phone, almost new looking. It came wih a funky charger tho, maybe European?? Thankfully I had another regular American charger.
Love it. Works as expected. Better condition then listed
works good and was as expected
Camera
nice thank you
I absolutely love this phone. Not a single scratch -- looks new! And the shipping was impressive. Ordered it on Thursday and it arrived Saturday morning! Thank you!!!
good
Great price for product quality..
Great phone. Truly satisfied.
Perfect. It was delivered in the time I was told, and packaged just as new with scratch guards all in place. It has worked just fine, just plugged my sim card in and viola! It is amazing how horrible my previous phone was working. I wished that Samsung wouldn't try to out do this phone.
Very nice and good cell for unlocked. Seller is awesome and would do business again.
The phone is perfect! The shipping was fast.
phone arrived in perfect condition
The phone arrived quickly and was undamaged. Unless you're paying close attention to detail, the phone looks fairly new. The phone is not slow and functions normally.
very good...
I bought this phone because I ran my old one through the washer. Really nice phone but not waterproof so I can not give it 5 stars.
This phone was exactly what I thought it would be. Good quality and was unlocked for international use in the Dominican Republic.
The phone is great but jpmobiles had me jumping thru hoops to get the data connection set up. All I should have had to do is stick in my sim card and turn it on like the unlocked s3 mini i had bought for myself and had to send to my girl for her son.
Good
was almost like new I would buy this If I needed one, well worth the price only thing Is I should have got the uinver unlocked phone, but as soon I got a sim cards all was well I had to go with AT&T, but works good at a fair price
Good telephone, as described.
Just like my old one. And the case is my favorite colo . Prefect!
Love my phone
I bought to of these from seller. Both work fine just one of them had some large chips in the outer edge of the phone. Makes me worry that someone obviously dropped the phone numerous times with no case on it? Samsung makes a quality product so hoping it lasts a long time.
Love the phone and the company It was sold by
Works perfect and my better half loves her new phone!
love it great cell phone awesome condition like new very happy with it order it as used pay just about half price delivery was fast definitely would recommend to any one who needs or wants a powerhouse cell phone bang for your hard work buck you will be all smiles like myself
Works excelent in Peru. It is unlocked!!
works fine
Wonderful phone
Love the phone!
good
I'm injoying my Samsung galaxy S4 each day so far" & most of my Co, workers giving me, a good compliment about my new Samsung S4
Great
Phone continues to drop calls and has to be seen by a specialist for further repairs. Have not got back problems yet. Did not fully meet expectations.CORRECTION The problem has been found and it is with the cellular system which had been experienceing problems for a short time. Phone works good see improved stars above.
excellent!
Exelent product
Delivered quick, works great.
Great phone and great price. Very satisfied.
Phone operates as it should, a lot better than my Galaxy Nexus. Really like this phone and the price. This turned out to be a great deal.
Great product, brand new just like it was described. Better even because the phone is actually 32gb instead of the stated 16gb!! That adds quite a bit of value to the phone considering that it's a good price just for.8l
Really good phone.
Great
Love it! Went from an iPhone 4s to this and couldn't be happier.
love it ;)))
The phone arrived petty quickly and I love it. I changed from a flip phone to the Samsung galaxy s4!!
Nice phone
I've had it for several weeks now and I have had no complaints. The condition was actually better than I expected; I couldn't really tell it was used.
Phone was shipped fast and working great
Great phone....had it less than a year (Aug 2014) and having charging issues as have many others. Love the Droid part...charging will be your nemesis.
Good
Excelente
sold my iphone 5 to try galaxy, its my First day with the phone and everything seems to work like it should.i will update if anything goes wrong.
Good
I am excited about my new phone from wireless deals. The product was exactly what I was looking for. I would recommend everyone to patronize this seller because they will deliver exactly what you ordered.
Arrived on time, so far so good. No encoutering any problems.
Good but the battery has a problem after a month of purchased .
I have the Samsung galaxy S4, and so far it is awesome!!! It arrived early and it is brand new!
Great Phone , This is a up grade and I am very Happy with this product.
Phones were as advertised but were not unlocked. I went with AT&T anyway so it didn't matter.
Works really great good quality
Good condition
I loveit, I'm very happy.
thanks
I got nothing but Mad love for this phone!
Product and seller exellent
This was given as a gift to my daughter. She just loves it, works great
Has performed flawlessly so far. Nice bright screen and unlike my last phone have been able to install all the apps I want.
sweet
In great condition. No complaints
Working great great phone...
Thanks
I love this phone 5 stars
I got this phone for my son to replace an HTC 4G LTE Evo. He finds that it is much more reliable and the AT&T service in his area is faster and stronger than the Sprint service he previously used. It was a good purchase.
battery life leaves something to be desired, but other than that I couldn't be happier!
Bought from Wireless Experts Inc, fulfilled by Amazon (comes new with seals on box intact). Works great on Straight Talk (talk/text/data). Only downside is lots of ATT bloatware, which can be removed if you are willing to root the device, otherwise u can just disable the apps.
I bought this for my husband who is 65+ and wanted to replace his old flip phone. He really loves this phone and it has been easy for him to learn.
perfect, great phone
was good and works well. nice doing business with u
I love it!!
I was really satisfied with my order, everything was as I imagined. Thank you very much.
I love my phone. It does what I ask it to without a fuss.
Arrived on time, works perfectly and loved it
I bought this phone as gift for my husband, and he's only had it a few days, but he absolutely loves it! He has not let it out of his sight since receiving it. I received the phone within 4 days of ordering it and was very pleased with the packaging and contents. I would order from this dealer again, and I highly recommend the phone.
Very Good
EXACTLY as expected. Brand new. OEM device, OEM packaging. All film, materials and packaging. Quick shipping. Very positive experience. Also purchased Samsung Qi charging cover, so that removed the ATT logo from the back of the phone.
From reading the reviews of other firms, I was concerned that the phone would be reconditioned and not work right. So I made sure it was one that Amazon guarantees.The phone was brand new, worked perfectly and I highly recommend the seller and Amazon.
Works like my old phone. That's what I was looking for.
very good product. Worked with straighttalk as i anticipated, no problem on it so far!
I still got it...Got the Otterbox for it and it works ssuperb .I don't know but it works, looks and maybe taste brand new.lol...My first galaxy and I'm loving it.My coworkers got HTC's but they jealous when I use the Air gestures .
Good phone at a good price ... I am very pleased with how this works. The bigger screen (compared to my old smart phone) is very helpful to me. To be sure, I am still learning how to use this phone more efficiently. Nonetheless, I am very, very pleased and would recommend this phone to others.
Super. Love it. Definitely worth the money. I would recommend this to a friend
The phone came unlocked ready to be used with sim chip of choice of GSM carriers.Has AT&T bloat software installed and is non removable.
This is the second phone I have bought in the past month (different carrier before) and unlike my other phone, this one works perfectly. They sent me a great quality used phone.
good
it works perfect.
All as expected!!
EXCELENT
all ia wel with this phone. ordering and shipping were easy and fine.
Responsible seller. Excellent product
Definity an outstanding product and a quantum leap forward compared to what I was using.
I love my new phone! Android system have a lot of free app and it works very well for me. The Camera is very good also.
i am please with my purchase, thanks
This may be the best phone I've ever purchased! I love it!
I Love My Phone
The Galaxy S4 was not too expensive and at the same time a full featured multifunctional smart phone that takes excellent pictures.
No complaints for now. Only had phone for two weeks so far
HOPE IS GOING TO MEET MY NEED.
bought as a gift they love it
Works good. Good vendor
Working great on Straight Talk.
Love my phone
I bought to of these from seller. Both work fine just one of them had some large chips in the outer edge of the phone. Makes me worry that someone obviously dropped the phone numerous times with no case on it? Samsung makes a quality product so hoping it lasts a long time.
Just Love this Phone....Samsung the only way to go!
Seriously. This phone is really great. It's shockingly thin and light, has a great camera, and all sorts of features. I'm just glad Youtube has all sorts of how to videos. The "16GB is actually only about 10GB but you can put 64GB on a Micro SD card (not a straight across substitute but for most all that room will be for storage anyway). I think this could be the last phone I ever buy... oh, wait, something else just one-up'd it.Update 9-28-14: After two months of use I can only offer more praise for this superb phone. Yes there are other phones out there that offer more features like the 4K resolution of some. However, if you're not a habitual first-adopter or iPhone lemming type or corporate employee that gets your phones purchased for you, this is a wonderful machine with very, very few gripes.
best phone i ever bought .will buy another for my wife soon.hopefully in the next year.4s does everything i could ask.
Excellent phone. No problems getting it registered. My wife is tickled pink. I will probably buy another one for my daughter.
Great phone. Took some time to figure out how to set up with strait talk. I just needed the correct apn settings.
I absolutely love this phone, it is everything I expected and more. It looks and works great! I had a little problem in the beginning as I had to return two phones, due to small glitches (not the sellers fault), however third time was a charm. I only removed one star, and this was simply because I did have the small problem, however the seller was very courteous and professional, and the phones all arrived quickly and were just as advertised. I will use this seller in the future! Thanks
This phone is worth every penny. The new Galaxy S5 costs more than I was willing to pay for a phone so I opted on the S4 with the manufacture's warranty. It is very easy to set up and operate, in fact this is an excellent phone for dummies like me who are new to this technology. I would recommend this phone to anyone, but be sure to purchase an Otter case to protect your investment!
great phone for the mobile data... great price as well comparing to others on the market.I got it delivered to canada so I had to pay custom charge and gst (about 35 dollars) but overall I am happy with the pricewould recommend the seller.
I ordered this from Taylor wireless as a used phone came in a bit less than a week. I bought it used, I would have never guessed it was used absolutely pristine condition. I am extremely happy with my purchase I more than got my expectations met.
I love my phone and all the great features. It is all that I expected and more. I am very impressed. Love it!!
Only have had it for several weeks, these are great phones, and expect it to last a very long time -- very good price :-)
So far, the phone has been working really well. No problems with the sim card I inserted and the interface is really easy to use.
Everything as expected... no issues.
Great phone so far, got it refurbished but seems like new. The only weird thing about it is that my chargers would charge the phone very slowly. The charger it came with works fine though. Worked with my Tmobile sim.
Verry good
Great Delivery timing. Product is as expected - new and works perfectly.
Heavy Duty Protection
Good seller, good cellphone
I LOVE this phone! It works great on StraighTalk! I bought a ATT Sim card to go in it and I haven't had any problems and I've been getting 4G LTE speeds which was my biggest worry.
Love this phone!!! Since its an unlocked phone I went thru Straight talk. The only problems were setting it up and getting the cameras working. I found someone who knows androids and was able to fix all. Now I love my phone!!!
Very android - after using Samsung tablet, lessons learned were transferrable to phone. Would have preferred clean international version, not AT&T, not T-Mobile or any other carrier's version. Firm believer in buying unlocked phones that are in no way tied to any carrier.
Very happy with this phone
I have an iPhone 6 and bought this for a friend... wow nice phone and does everything the iPhone does at a dramatically cheaper price
Great phone at a great price. Works perfectly
Phone worked as promised and in good condition. Happy with it!
This product is exactly as described. They look and work like brand new phones.
Just recently purchased this phone (~3/28/16). Love it so far. It was purchased for my husband who is very electronic challenged and he likes it. If he can hear the phone ringing while in the carrier (which he can) that is a big plus. The vendor even delivered before promised date, cudos to you.
great phone
Outstanding phone and works perfectly. Recommended seller.
I like to recommend
powerful phone for the price
perfecto
The phone is OK but has some issues
I love my new phone! Android system have a lot of free app and it works very well for me. The Camera is very good also
works great and was happy with the delivery
Good buy but battery life is less than expected
Great phone
Purchased two these, everything except Samsung headsets in the boxes, VERY disappointed but AMAZON made good. All other smart phones I have purchased came with headsets so not sure if this was the vendor or Samsung putting on the CHEAP for more margins! However the phones both work great and are Unlocked GSM model SGH-i337 and they do have AT&T apps in them, no big deal. Gotta Love AMAZON!
Finally a big screen
EXCELLENT FOR UBER DRIVERS.USE GOOGLE MAPS WITH MUSIC ON...YOULL SEE WHY.
Bought this phone for my son and he loves it so far. Best part was the company contact me even before I had the phone to see if I had received it and if I had any questions. They are very customer focused - highly recommend buying a phone from them!!!!!
The phone works well both in the U.S. and in Europe. The display is very clear and attractive.
Excellent
We got two of these and they are working pretty good. I can't use the phone as a hotspot, because it isn't T Mobile and the applications don't work properly.
what I at first thought there was something wrong with the phone, it turns out that is Samsung fault. I read the reviews and a lot wrote sim card does not read. Samsung knows of this defect on the s4 and will not recall due to cost and being older phone. If you YouTube you will see that there are solutions. Many encountered this problem, nothing wrong with phone. I had it for almost a month and it works, I did a factory reset and disabled what I did not need, installed what apps I want. It works fine. worth the money. I am giving it 4 not because of phone but the seller should know and state that Samsung is the one with the issue. It would avoid a lot of returns and headaches. If people know about it, I believe it would be better for all.
It arrived on time by Prime. The phone looked new out of box and worked very well. I was worried after reading some of the reviews, but I am the lucky one I guess. I am a AT&T user, so I have no lock/unlock problem as other user had. This is the first time buying a new phone online. I am very happy with the end result.
Amazing.. got it in time♡
Super phone.
Great phone, good price. I set it up manually with Cricket. Great coverage for me (MetroWest Boston) and $35 per month with automatic payments set up. Unlimited talk and text, 500 MB data at which point they slow it down. Perfect for me.
Great phone through at&t carrier. Extremely pleased.
Nice cellphone
everything is good
Phone is great. Terrific seller.
this phone is great.it is a upgrade from an aspire 2. the phone came with all it described hesdset,charger,battery and as it said IN THE BOX,UNLOCKED.! charged up the phone overnight and was really surprised at all the apps that were installed.i really love baseball so i installed MLB/ATBAT,couldn't download the app, put in a call to MLB SUPPORT and they had me up in 10 min.i like the photo resolution really good photos.this phone is really great for me i text message alot and tweet so i'm satisfied with its brightness and clarity ,even the feature i can enlarge the message.only drawback is the battery.
Nice phone, screen is in perfect condition!
The phone is in great condition, work perfectly, the description said with no charger or any other accesories, but it came with a wall charger and a usb cable, so thank you very much, you exceed my expectation. :)
Great
very happy with product.
Update! One advantage of a refurbished AT&T phone on an AT&T network is that software updates are timely. I no sooner had the phone set up than I had a notice from AT&T that an upgrade was available to take the phone from Kit Kat .4.2 to Lollipop 5.0.1. I am pleased.I'm not going to say much about the phone itself. It's fabulous, and ther are plenty of very good reviews on Amazon. My issue is with the item description. Nowhere in the item description was it noted that this was an (unlocked) AT&T phone. I love the S4, but I really didn't want all that AT&T bloatware. My previous S4 was an AT&T, and I had disabled and hid most of those apps. When my phone crashed, I went looking for a NON AT&T replacement. Imagine my disappointment when my phone finally arrived and I saw that logo on the back, knowing I was stuck with that startup screen and tone and the ton of bloatware on the phone. If the S4 were not such a wonderful phone, I'd return this and keep looking.
Phone is sold as unlocked- its is.Phone, however, is running AT&T's image of OS, not good for modding.It came running Android 4.4.4 (NJ4 Baseband), with the RF basebands unlocked (*#9090#).It runs a locked-down version of the Knox bootloader strongly limiting custom ROM options.Otherwise, the phone is good (Region Locked).Camera isn't an SLR or even a point-and-shoot, but works.
This is a replacement for my S4 that was slightly damaged in a bad car accident. I love my S4 and refuse to pay the outrageous upgrade prices for phones that are marginally better.
Everything I wanted
works perfect with Tmobile.
Good
Loved this phone for my husband, easy set up and in perfect condition when it arrived.
Phone is great. Everything works just fine.
It is a great phone but it was a little difficult to get it to work on my T-Mobile service. Great price!
great phone works awesome.
Excellent item
So far, so good! Works great and in near new condition.
thanks guys for the article. it was what i expected.
I love my new phone. It is very easy to use.
This phone is awesome and I still have it today.
Great phone, even two models out of date!
Just great.
I like
Awesome phone recommend them :)
Exactly as described. Brand new in box .everything listed was included. Arrived on time!
Excellent quality and service so far. It was as advertised-Unlocked and of use internationally. I've been able to keep connected with family and friends near and far via the apps including whatsapp, skype and imo freely and largely uninterrupted. A good data plan is essential when not in wireless parameters plus the battery is drained quickly from having multiple activities but I'm getting excellent service since my purchase about a month ago.
Love my phone
Good condition.
Very satisfied with product. Easy set up. Prompt delivery
Exactly what I wanted, and got here quickly. Thanks.
The phone works perfectly but because it is an AT&T branded phone the hotspot refuse to work
very good i love it
excelente
Good smart phone, what it is advertised as. Only issue with the device is that the far right bottom "soft" button for the return is slightly faded out. I will say it is kind of weird having a phone with an AT&T logo that is on my T-Mobile account.
I would give it 5 stars but it wasn't meant for the U.S.A. so it doesn't get 4g its HSPA+. Still works great with Straight Talk. And I really like the phone and all of its features.
An excellent lower cost cell phone . Does everything on higher priced unit can do . It was a gift for my son.
The product was just like the posted but the here in venezuela doesn't work propertly with my phone company :-(. You guys should warn about it
Excellent product, thank you very much
excelent.
I like my pone
A1 recomendado
This phone has single handedly restored my faith in android. Never have I had a single hiccup or restart since using this phone. It is very powerful and a delight to use. The 16m camera takes high quality pictures and videos flawlessly. All in all I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new smartphone
I wanted a new phone but didn't necessarily need the latest and greatest. I looked at the various options available at the price point I was trying to stay within. This one seemed to be the one that is most rounded in terms of features at the price point I was hoping for. I guess you could say it is the best bang for the buck in this segment. I just didn't see much in the way of improvements in opting for the S5 or other current flagship over the S4. I even considered the One Plus One 64GB and had an invite. But the supplies are limited, they are in a fight with software provider (CyanoGen) and accessories are limited. Overall I am very happy with my choice. It does everything I need it too and without lag. Most of the newer "Entry" to "Mid" phones are alright and come with newer processors and specs. But most only come with 1GB of RAM. This one has 2GB of RAM. And I'm not locked in with a contract. :-)
So far, so good.Great phone so far, it's easy to use and has a fantastic camera. The display is beautiful and clear. Battery life is pretty good and charges quickly. I bought an otter box for the phone as well. The shipping was what I expected, and the condition as well. The phone was "used-great condition". And it really is in great condition. Also, this is an at&t phone which wasn't in the description. So it works great with my straight talk. Overall, great buy. And would purchase again.
Thank you! Phone was in very good condition as advertised. Received sooner than I expected. Using it now and it works fine.
Great and excellent smartphone!My wife love it!
Working as expected
Outstanding phone!!!
Had my Galaxy S4 for about a month or so. Have had no issues with it. Great refurbished phone.
Nice in shipping and product as expected..
I Love This Phone But The Only Downfall Is That Battery Trips Out...But It Was A Faulty Battery...So Amazon Greatly Refunded Me To Buy Another Battery...Thank God
Phone is fine, but annoying security notification keeps popping up. Cannnot fix it.
The item met my expectations!
Working good so far.
It was quality and cheaper.
Liked
I love my phone. Every thing I wanted and more.
Good quality product. Everything works.
Very happy with it. It does more then I will ever need. I really like the ease of talking your messages and other information.
I am super pleased with my purchase!!!!! I bought a "supposedly" used phone from the seller Chubbiestech at a very reasonable price. I use the word "supposedly" because the phone I got had no problems - cosmetically or technically. I got all genuine Samsung parts and the shipment was really fast. Overall, I am truly satisfied with my purchase from Chubbiestech being that it was first time (^,^)
I have used it over one week it is very goodthxxxxx
I received the phone the day I was suppose to. Which was nice.
It was what I expect it to be :)
I bought this phone because I ran my old one through the washer. Really nice phone but not waterproof so I can not give it 5 stars.
This phone was exactly what I thought it would be. Good quality and was unlocked for international use in the Dominican Republic.
The phone is great but jpmobiles had me jumping thru hoops to get the data connection set up. All I should have had to do is stick in my sim card and turn it on like the unlocked s3 mini i had bought for myself and had to send to my girl for her son.
Good
was almost like new I would buy this If I needed one, well worth the price only thing Is I should have got the uinver unlocked phone, but as soon I got a sim cards all was well I had to go with AT&T, but works good at a fair price
Good telephone, as described.
Just like my old one. And the case is my favorite colo . Prefect!
the cellphone its ok, but I dont know why I can upgrade the OS (OS version is 4.2.2 jelly bean). A few days after I bought the same cellphone to a relative and this got OS 5.0.1 Lollipop. I dont know why mine came with jelly bean 4.2.2 and its impossible to upgrade it. I wanna get that upgrade. Please let me know how to do it.
Excellent service provided, would totally use again if needed in the future.
I LOVE MY PHONE!!!!!!
Love it would buy again
as advertised
I had to pay 15.00 to an unlocking service to use it on T-Mobile. 4 stars for the phone and NO stars for the seller Wireless Experts, Inc. A quick note, too: S4 I337 is a phone made for use with AT&T, not T-Mobile, even though both provides are GSM. "Unlocked" means you SHOULD be able to use it for both providers, which is clearly not the case here.Now, on to what matters: the phone. This is my first Samsung It's a lot snappier than my all 3 of my generic BLU Studio phones. It's plenty fast for what I use it primarily for, namely, browse the Web and stream music and videos. I went with an older model as I didn't think it was worth shelling out 2-3 times more for an S5 or S6 for what I gather to be a marginal (imperceptible?) improvement in speeds.No problems with this phone for texting, emailing, and phone calls. It's 4G LTE but I only get 2-3 Mbps when I did a benchmark on the speedtest (.net) site, but then again, that what I got on my BLU Studio 4G LTE phones, so it must be a T-Mobile network issue, not the phone. Still, 2-3 Mbps is plenty for streaming full HD videos on the phone's 1920 x 1080 resolution (441 dpi if I'm not mistaken).Additionally, text is sharp and images are sharp and vibrant. The view angles are absolutely stunning. There is no drop-off in visibility at viewing angles close to 180 degrees on all four sides. There is a tiny ghosting problem, however, perceptible only with a dark background and light foreground -- not a deal breaker by any means.Plus, unlike the S6, the phone has a removable/replaceable battery. I usually bring a portable battery charger with me but I like the option of switching out the spent battery for a fresh one if I need to.For basic usage like phone calls, texting, social media, browsing the Web and for more CPU-intensive usage like Full HD video streaming and music streaming, this phone performs like a champ. If these are what you plan on using your phone primarily for, I'd definitely recommend this over the S5 or S6 and definitely over the Note series. It may be an older model but it NOT outdated for sure. I expect it to provide faithful service for many years to come.
My husband brags about this phone all the time. Glad he's happy.
Product works great and extremely fast shipping
Great phone, no lag whatsoever and that's a first for any android I've owned. The newer phones will be faster but if youre looking for a cheap, reliable phone with 4g capability this one will be perfect.
Very good
I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it! We needed an unlocked phone that we could use straight talk with and it needed to run thru AT&T due to their location. This phone fit the bill and she is thrilled to have a newer phone with a great camera and all the bells and whistles but still able to have an affordable monthly payment with straight talk. Very satisfied with this phone!
love this phone.
working fine
It's a great phone, the only problem we had was that even though it's says it's unlocked, still you are not allowed to tether internet from the phone, the company does not allow it. Other than that, happy with the purchase.
Great Product
Perfect. No flaws. Works like new
So far I am happy with this phone.!!
Fast, best WiFi connection, great camera, easy connection to my carrier (Consumer Cellular), only negative is the lack of a printed handbook for all the additional options included in this phone.
My S3 gave out so I was confident this phone would be great.
I bought this as a upgrade so I wouldn't have to go through AT&T. I have had this phone for a couple days and have had no problems with it. I have a camo otterbox defender coming in the mail tomorrow
great phone at a great price. it came ready to use. i have t-mobile and even though the phone was at&t i had no problem connecting it to t-mobile.
I had a Galaxy S4 for 2 years and absolutely loved it. The size is perfect, it's very fast and the design is very nice. Also, it takes amazing pictures. This old S4 I had started having issues reading the SIM card, so I decided it was time to buy a new one, and I immediately knew I wanted to buy a S4 again.The item arrived quickly and in its original box. It comes with its charger, earphones and battery. It also comes with an instruction manual.I was scared when the item first arrived as I ordered an unlocked phone and this one seemed to be AT&T (It even has the AT&T logo on the back). When I turned it on, the AT&T logo appeared again, and it had a lot of their apps too. However, when I tried it with a different carrier's SIM, it worked just fine. I'm guessing these phones were the ones that AT&T didn't sell, so they unlocked them.Very happy with my phone. I love this model.
No problems to report. It's a solid phone if you are not a technology hound and looking for capable modern smart phone without breaking the bank.
A good phone,for a friend in jamacia, and she likes it.
Great
Better than expected. Faster delivery too.
Good phone and needed it unlocked. Surprised it didn't come with any manuals, but you can download the 67 page document if necessary.
I believe Samsung Galaxy phones are the best on the market. Mine works great!
Phone has some great features, the one I like the best is that you can download apps with two or three steps.
My daughter loves it
Great looking phone, almost new looking. It came wih a funky charger tho, maybe European?? Thankfully I had another regular American charger.
Love it. Works as expected. Better condition then listed
works good and was as expected
Camera
excelente
I loved it , the phone was in perfect condition , I am very satisfied.
The tablet looks & works like new besy tablet I have ever had ! Ralely use my new laptop this like having a computer in the palm of your hand.
After 2 horrible phones from US wireless and Onetime cell I have found the right third party company. I took a chance with them and my money and in return I got an awesome phone so far. I will definitely update my status "if"🙏there is a problem. Great phone everything you want in a unlocked phone and at a great price. And the phone software can be upgraded👍👍👍
Excellent upgrade from my SII. Get great 4G LTE in rural PA through Straight Talk. Absolutely a true super smartphone.
LOVE THIS PHONE!! Came exactly as described in good time new and in the box. It has amazing features and I don't know how I ever got along without it.
looked great, worked wonderfully
amazing phone!!! luckily it was a T-Mobile phone, just what I needed!
S4
Just got phone. This is an AT&T phone with the AT&T logo on the phone and with the box that says it is locked. However, I have straight talk with at&t towers so when I called straight talk to get phone connected, it worked. But,... This phone IS an AT&T phone, not a pure, straight from Samsung, unlocked phone. So it is not unlocked it the sense you can use it with any carrier because this phone was made by AT&T for AT&T. Im pretty sure my phone is new, but when I got it, the back case was half open and there was debris under the plastic protector on the back of the phone. The screen protector was on the screen, it peeled off clean and everything in the box appeared new and unopened. I even got Samsung earbuds. If the phone works, I'll keep it, but I thought this was a Samsung unlocked phone, not an AT&T unlocked phone.Minus one star because of this and because of the back case open and debris. I'll update for the good or bad in future if necessary. I actually started the return process and printed out return labels because the box said it was locked. Seeing now as I got it working, I'll keep it for bit and try it out before making a decision on to keep or return.I do like that this phone has removable battery as most if all new phones these days don't... That is just stupid.***update 9-15-15***I'm returning. Just bought this phone Don straight talk as it is a straight Samsung phone without the stupid at@t boatware.
So far so good. I've been using it for about a week and I'm loving it.
Works great
Good
It was good.
The phone works great and haven't had any issues with it at all! Would definitely purchase from them again!
nice thank you
I absolutely love this phone. Not a single scratch -- looks new! And the shipping was impressive. Ordered it on Thursday and it arrived Saturday morning! Thank you!!!
good
Very nice phone. New in box. Made a great Father's day gift.
this phone works great never had a problem with samsung phones.
Great phone
EXCELLENT
I purchased from TronicSpot. The phone was new in original packaging. It was unlocked, but I could not upgrade the OS from 4.2.2 even using an AT&T SIM card. I had several rounds of supportive emails with Chris at TronicSpot. I was offered to return the phone within their 30 day warranty. I took the phone to a Best Buy to a Samsung Experience "store" to get the latest AT&T version of 4.4.4, with bloatware and all. Very happy with the phone and TronicSpot. While a few years old, the value is great and it pairs well with the waterproof case from Lifeproof.
All perfect
Great product
VERY GOOD MY SON LIKE IT
I love this phone its a really great phone.
perfect NEW condition an works EXCELLENT...
Very nice and good cell for unlocked. Seller is awesome and would do business again.
The phone is perfect! The shipping was fast.
phone arrived in perfect condition
The phone arrived quickly and was undamaged. Unless you're paying close attention to detail, the phone looks fairly new. The phone is not slow and functions normally.
very good...
Google services
Loving the phone it was shipped quickly, easy to set up and so far the best phone I have owned.
Very versatile phone meeting all the needs
Great product at a great price!
Good product...
the spouse loved the phone... glad she's a happy camper!
this is a really great phone. I bought mine used, and looked brand new when I got it. the s4 is tough, and still technologically relevant today...2016.
If you are looking for a high quality smartphone, and great service, SoonerSoft Electronics will be the right choice !
This was the EXACT phone AT&T used to sell. It was even in their (AT&T's) box. I am very happy with the screen resolution, size & functions. I have a Samsung tablet & this is very similar so it was easy to learn how to use it.
product is great. love it
Great phone for the money! Brand new in the box! I took it to my at&t store and they transferred my information from my old phone to the new one!
Nice phone. Its small enough to fit in my pocket. Love the S4 technology.
works great.as described.
order was shipped on time and the product was as advertised
Phones was in perfect condition. Works great on Cricket Network. No issues at all, love the phone.
Would be 5 stars, great phone, good price. But, in the picture that it shows, it shows two cables, one I imagined would be headphones, I did not receive any, the screen was slightly scuffed, nothing terrible. And it did not come in Samsung box, slightly disappointing but overall great phone. I ordered mine from "Observeye". Phone arrived fast.The phone was "refurbished".Also I don't believe the charger is the factory charger either.
Phone looks like picture and was able to change to my service cricket with not problem. The only thing I do not like is the phone is very small I thought Samsung Galaxy 4 were big. The battery does not hold a charge and it takes forever to charge.
This phone works well so far. Sometimes it freezes but I just hold down the power key to turn the screen off and on.
good product
good
Prompt service, great product!
excelente
Screen when dark after 3 days of using it.
Great price for this product works on cricket wireless, which is At&T's network.
Love this phone works out great. Got in great condition works perfect. I recommend this to anyone and everyone who wants a great phone best in stock.
Battery bulges out deforming the back plate which concerns me (safety reasons) but other then that it is a great phone and excellent value for the money. I just hope the battery holds :o
I love my phone it came used , and so far I didn't have any trouble.
Bought it to replace my wife's old a gs2. She's very happy with it.
Excellent product! Brand new in box as stated. Works perfectly! Would have rated 5 stars had it been unlocked. But it wasnt a big deal as the phone being replaced used the same sim and was already using straight talk through AT&T towers. This phone was a gift and was very well received! I would love one for myself to upgrade from my S3. The S4 is much faster, especially after disabling all the bloatware that comes installed!
After the first one that was faulty, the second is great.4 stars
Everything was like i saw it when i bought it on the web
Excellent prodruct
Great phone for the price. Could have upgraded for a lot more money but I am happy with the S4 performance and the ability to add SD card.
love it!!!
I moved from S2 to S4 and I'm really happy with it as I was with the S2. The screen is really big and clear without the phone being as bulky as the Note. I wear this on my belt. The new features work fine. The 13MP camera looks amazing as you take pictures. The problem is that you have to take pictures very still. You almost need to use a tripod. If you move just a little, the picture ends up blurry. Now the video it takes looks just amazing.The battery doesn't last more than half a day, but I do use it a lot for internet, videos and games so I'm used to charging it all night and at work. The processors are really fast and you now have a lot of memory. Enough to have multiple big programs open without issue. I used to have some issues installing many apps in my S2 because of small internal memory (not everything could be moved to the SD). I haven't had to worry about that with the S4 yet. I also tested the screen mirroring feature with a nice Samsung tv and there was some lag but it was OK. When watching a video, you can just send the video instead of the screen and then there is no lag. I also considered the S5 but this one was $400 and the S5 was more than $600.Overall really happy with it. If I learn how to configure the camera so the shutter is faster or it compensates for slight hand movements I will never let go of this phone.
This is a great phone. The camera is outstanding! I am still learning about all the features and controls.I was going to buy the S3 but when comparing it to the S4 it became a no-brainer. This ph will do abouta thousand times more than my first computer, seriously. I can't see where I would ever need more than this one.I am using Straight Talk with AT&T. Works great.
Absolutely Awesome, delivered as offered, excelent condition, I am using it with Straight Talk and works perfectly
I don't know why I waited so long to buy this phone. I kept my last phone for over 6 years (Motorola Q9C) and it had always been nearly worthless for doing anything online, although I could get my e-mail through it and do some limited surfing if I had enough time and patience. I had an unbelievably cheap service plan that I was reluctant to give up (couldn't upgrade the phone and keep the plan). But I finally threw in the towel, and now I'm asking myself why I waited so long. This phone does EVERYTHING.The one thing I was reluctant about was typing on a touchscreen, which I have difficulty with. But then I realized I don't even need to type, I can dictate e-mails and texts! And it works great! I'm using it with Straight Talk on AT&T's network and it's been flawless, with 4g LTE speeds (need the correct APN settings to get LTE). The battery life has been good (although I am not a heavy user), and on standby it's phenomenal, it seems to barely use any power at all. The sound quality is great, the screen is great, and as each day passes and I learn more and more about how to use this phone, the happier I get with it.Prior to buying this I had read quite a bit about the fake phones out there and was determined to not be fooled into getting one of those. I did a lot of research about what to look for, and everything I read about this phone indicated it was the real deal. But one never knows until they get it in their hands. After receiving it I carefully examined everything, then downloaded and ran the "Genuine Galaxy - Phone Info" app which confirmed that the phone is authentic. What a relief. I bought this from seller "Mango Wireless," fulfilled by Amazon. It was brand new, in Samsung packaging. The only thing that seemed to be missing from the box was a warranty card (there were manufacturer's pamphlets explaining the warranty - but no card). It was listed in the description as being "Imported," which for cameras means there is no USA warranty. Not sure if that means the same thing for phones, but it probably does. I could have gotten the add-on 2-year protection plan for an additional $69, but decided to go without that. I figured I could send it back to Amazon within 30 days if need be, but if it ran fine during that time it would be unlikely to go bad over the succeeding 11 months anyway (Samsung's usual warranty is 1 year). I did get an Otterbox Defender case for it to provide some extra accident protection. Some may find that case to be too bulky, but I love it. I've had the phone for 3 weeks now and it is working perfectly.One of my passions is long-distance self-supported bicycle touring, and in the past I have taken a netbook, phone, mp3 player, camera and GPS with me, which adds quite a bit of weight to my setup. All of that will now be replaced with just this phone - awesome! This will lower my riding weight by 5 or 6 pounds and reduce the volume of supplies I need to carry. I am going to test it out on a tour starting in one week and will update this review with how it all worked out.I couldn't be happier with this phone.//UPDATE 12/7/2014// - The phone is still flawless. I've had it for 5 months now and still love it. No issues at all. On the bike tour it worked great. I kept an online blog, updating it only with this phone. I also used it to watch movies at night in my tent - I had about 25 movies copied to the memory card. The movies played flawlessly and the sound was good enough to not need earphones, but I often used earphones anyway. A 90-minute movie used about 20% of the battery charge which I thought was pretty good. No regrets.
It met the my expectations quite well . It performs great and has amazing features.
Happy. This is my second refurbish phone from Amazon.
thank's
Just as posted. Works great.
came on time and just as described
Excellent, and the best. It is a very good machine to work with everyday and you will get the best out it.
Very good product, the seller met the service.
Love the Galexy S4. It's the most current phone I've ever been able to afford and I love Amazon for making that possible!
phone is more than expected - works very well and at a great price = makes me very satisfied.
the best
Very good! Thank you.
Great phone. Truly satisfied.
GOOD PHONE
I return to what I know and I'm comfortable with. Thank you for a quality product.
I am enjoying my phone!
Good phone but can't be fully rooted.
Excellent purchase,replaced my broken phone. It's actually an AT&T unlocked phone but the AT&T apps are easy to remove. The only problem I has was with shipping,it took almost 2 weeks to receive the phone,not Supreme deals fault,they were excellent to deal with!
A good phone. I will be selling one of them because of a death. I think it's better than my newer one.
This phone was fully unlocked and worked with my t-mobile sim card right out of the box! Shipping arrived 2 days earlier than expected. Thanks for this AWESOME phone!
This was a pretty nice phone. I broke mine and needed one as a replacement so I bought this. I was uneasy about it but it was perfect. Worked perfect and is unlocked. I'd recommend it to someone.
best phone I’ve owned
Great phone. Works great
Still learning all the bells and whistles but it works great!
The galaxy s4 is the best. The screen blows away the apple iPhone 5s i own. man, i love the widgets too.
This review will be less about the product itself (because we all know this is an amazing, powerful, fast, feature-packed flagship smartphone) and more about SIM Compatibility/Network. Because that's why we're looking at unlocked phones, right?I digress. In June, I bought the Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy SIII from WalMart for $459.99. I thought it an amazing purchase that I would not regret... I was so wrong. Little did I know it was a CDMA phone (locked to Straight Talk) and it ran on the SPRINT network. This meant little to me then, but it means the world to me now, because I now know that Sprint is the most awful, bogged-down, spotty, insert-derogatory-phrase-here network on this entire planet. I live in Hawaii, and Sprint's network in Hawaii is an absolute joke. I had no service at my own house OR my workplace that was right on the convergence line of two Sprint towers (Sprint can't switch towers very easily so just went into roaming). The closest Sprint tower to my house had a coverage radius of roughly 1 mile, and still does. And worst of all, it's a 3G-only network. Not a regular 3G network, either. I got EDGE speeds at best. I've never pulled more than 1Mbps on the up or down. Straight Talk's S3 was also very watered down, with a locked bootloader and very limited software accessibility. It was a sad life for me.I had had it. I was done with this pitiful excuse for a carrier. All my friends had either AT&T or Verizon, who both had full LTE buildouts here. They always pulled webpages and videos like lightning. Their coverage was broad and consistent. I figured it was time to pinch a few pennies. I had heard that Straight Talk had released an LTE-capable AT&T SIM Card, and I needed a phone for it to power. I had my heart pretty much set on the S4, but didn't know which one to get.This was the one.The product arrived brand-new and completely unopened. Shiny new S4. I put it in the wall, popped the SIM in, edited the APN settings ([...]) and BAM. The 4G LTE icon popped up in the status bar, as well as two consistent bars of service. My experience thus far has been wonderful - I've been pulling a pretty steady 15up/19down everywhere I've been thus far. I now have coverage in my home. I have yet to see the NO SERVICE icon. This may not be a problem for many of you as you may be already coming from AT&T's network - but it's a whole different world for me.TL;DR? This phone works perfectly with Straight Talk's AT&T Micro SIM card. There is no hassle and no fuss - I set it up entirely online in 10 minutes. If these qualifications meet your criteria, buy this sucker - you won't be disappointed.
A tad bigger than the Samsung Skyrocket, this phone is fast. It has neither crashed, nor shown any lag. The screen and back of the phone can get a bit hot to touch. I find this happens with most Android phones I have owned (i.e. Captivate, Skyrocket, S4), especially if you have the back light raised to maximum output for longer than several minutes.A word of caution: if you are a developer or like to root your devices, you should be aware that you need the MDB/MDL firmware versions of the phone in order to install a recovery. If you have MF3, firmware, you will not be able to install recovery and it will be trick to root the device. I believe "safe strap" is the answer but I do not know the details. Look into this issue before purchasing. Further, if you do purchase a device and it is rootable, your carrier will likely try to push an over the air update to your firmware changing it to MF3 or beyond. If you want to root and install a recovery, you will have to stop this process. I advise you also look into this.Update Nov 2013: I believe there is a way to root and install a recovery on S4s with MF3 or later firmware. One method is called "Safe Strap."
Besides the fact that the case is made of plastic and when it vibrates it makes a weird sound, I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
I received my phone yesterday, no doubt a brand new phone. No cosmetic damage at all 100% on that, after I turned it on and got my straight talk info and all the APNs switched over, I kept getting an unauthorized changes message pop up, and the screen had a bunch of lines that kept running through almost looked like bar code like the phone had been dropped. I hadn't dropped it this was straight out of the box. This phone other wise is great, I'll be taking it to see if I can fix the bugs or replacing it
I love what I bought
It's a great phone and I wish I'd bought one earlier. Wish it had come with a owners manual for those of us who have never had an android.
Good work in Venezuela with Movistar
Okay so I was not a fan of samsung, two many friends a lot of horror stories, I purchased one for my hubby he's a big fan, I tried his I fell in love now I need the six. Phone arrived way before the time so impressed
Excelent
Costly
works like a champ!
The phone arrived as described. Great product. The battery life is not as long as I had hoped but the phone itself works great!
Happy with my purchase.
My husband is very please with his new Samsung Galaxy S4.
without box and earphones
The best celular
Love the phone and the company It was sold by
Works perfect and my better half loves her new phone!
love it great cell phone awesome condition like new very happy with it order it as used pay just about half price delivery was fast definitely would recommend to any one who needs or wants a powerhouse cell phone bang for your hard work buck you will be all smiles like myself
Works excelent in Peru. It is unlocked!!
works fine
Wonderful phone
Love the phone!
Works really well.
Packaging was old & torn but phone looked and worked like new. This was my first phone off the open market, hopefully it last long; so far so good.
Excellent phone
This comment is for the unlocked Galaxy S4 from the vendor Blutek USA. The box was not sealed when I received it. I'm not sure if that's how Samsung packaged it, but the phone looked brand new and so far it is working flawlessly. It should be noted that it is an AT&T branded phone, and the TMobile tech walked me through step by step so that the 4G LTE would work in their network. The battery is also holding up well. I wouldn't mind buying the same phone from the same vendor in the future.
I am absolutely in love with this phone!!! I was a little worried as other reviewers had talked about having trouble activating the phone. It was easy, I had to buy a sim activation kit for $10 and followed the instruction, NO PROBLEMS!!! YAY!!! I am so glad Tracfone finally got the BYOP program. <3
Had to return it because it was not compatible with Boost, but other than that it was in mint brand new condition!
I bought this and took my sim card from my Consumer Cellular phone. It worked after calling Consumer Cellular. The process took only five minutes. The phone is fantastic! This is my first smartphone and I must admit it was easy. Thank you.
Great authentic Galaxy S4
Killer phone, killer price \m/
Absolutely no issues with either the phone or the packaging, arrived in perfect condition, and worked as soon as I inserted the sim card from my old phone.
This is my most favorite device of all time and I was seriously deciding between this or a nexus 5x I chose this because of its small bezels brilliant display and fantastic performance the camera is a plus too so yeah I love this phone.
good
Awesome, my package came earlier than expected.
Good phone but too expensive
Loving this Samsung S4 - best feature - the camera takes the best picture ever!! (13mp)
In great condition
Brand new in book a s advertised
Good
I needed a new smartphone since my iPhone's battery was acting stupid (although, a few months after I bought this Apple recalled my phone for battery issues and now it working great...). When it comes to Android there are so many choices. I chose Samsung since it is about the best contender in the Android market. They frequently update and their software is great. I compared this to Sony Xperia Z and the HTC something (comparable model, but do not remember which). I chose the Samsung mainly for price and battery. I got the AT&T version (at the time this item was listed as AT&T version), it appears to no longer be listed that way. I use Net10 and like not having a contract, so I have to be proactive in finding a great deal on smartphones (no carrier subsidy). I got this for around $300, which is great for this new of a smartphone. It not the current version, but now a days nothing you every buy will be. The specs are still great and it has amazing speed and battery life.The phone has great audio (one of the reasons I chose this over the Xperia Z), the sound is super loud and even out does my iPhone 5. I was disappointed that my iPhone headphones would not work properly in this (could hear and talk, but could not skip or change volume). You do get some nice headphones with this, but I cannot wear the kind that sticks in your ears, they always fall out, and my iPhone headphones have an adapter that makes them over the ear. This is not related to the phone, but Android is annoying with the headphone volume warning.During my time using the iPhone, I have gotten used to Siri. I tried the Samsung program, but it was not that great. I then found Google search and started using it. Not that easy, since you have to disable some stuff to get Google to be the default voice assistant. After some research and messing around I finally got it where I can use Google search and the OK GOOGLE. At first OK GOOGLE worked all the time, but randomly it started only working when I had the phone active (screen had to be on).The camera is amazing on this phone, it offers a lot of neat filters and special shots, but truthfully you are going to use the normal camera, which takes amazing photos (if you change it to 4:3 you can get the highest resolution, not default). I have played with the camera features, and while they are cool, they require more prep than normal use (getting subject ready...), so I do not use them often, more of a 'check out what my phone can do' thing.Stock browser is terrible, use Chrome. Chrome is great, and I am not sure why they still even load the stock browser. Chrome works as expected and is super fast. You can sync with desktop Chrome (linked to your account) and I have not had any issue browsing the web, "Request Desktop Site" is about the most useful feature ever for mobile browsers. There is no Flash, but that has been long removed, and most sites have moved on, so not a big deal to me.When I got the phone I spent a lot of time removing the crap apps, these are the apps that AT&T loads and Samsung loads, and that you will never use. They are also made where you cannot remove them (I am not rooting). You can at least disable/hide them from launcher and that makes life a little better. I think I should be able to remove any apps I want (that would not cause the OS to become unstable).I was able to update to KitKat after a painful waste of time dealing with the AT&T updater. Apparently you cannot update except with OTA. Everytime you try to update, if it fails you will get a check again in 24 hours. Really annoying. I found that you can change system time 24 hours in the future and it will let you check. I had to do this several times until I could finally get it to work and say Android KitKat was available... Do not go crazy jumping into the future; just do the minimum each time, so when it finally works, you are not locked out for years... You could always repeat this process for future updates, but it is still annoying.I find Samsung Kies useless. Just put the Micro SD card into the computer and copy your stuff over to it (Movies, Music), and pop it in the phone. If you want you can copy it from the phone to local storage, but I personally keep apps on internal storage and images/music/movies on the SD card. This works great for me.Fancy features on the phone are endless, and for the most part not going to work. All of the fancy voice commands and gestures are very sporadic and sometimes work. The only one I find useful is the wave your hand over to get a quick view, it looks cool in meetings and shows you a quick glance of content. I have not used any of the other features and I did try, but most just stopped working properly. A cool feature I was looking forward to was the eye detection (look away and the movie pauses). I found it often doing the opposite, look away it keeps playing, look back at phone it pauses. I found it more pausing when I tried to watch than anything. I disabled this. Cool in theory, but I guess it cannot detect my eyes properly.This has Google Play and Google Services, which is really the only way to enjoy an Android based device. Without those you will not be able to use Google apps and other apps that rely on Google services. This allows this device to use the Amazon Appstore (great for free apps and loads of giveaways and free credit) and Google Play, the home of pretty much all Android apps.It does offer a feature where you can use split screen with certain apps and can put some content on the bottom and other on top, this is a neat idea, but a screen this small does not make it all that useful. I keep it off, but made it one of my main items in the notification center, so I can enable it quickly if I need to type an email while looking at a webpage or something.I am not going to go over the petty problems I have with Android (like difficulty of quickly seeing emails, and my hatred of the primitive notification system), because it is tough going from iOS to Android, and apparently Android L will fix most of my problems, and this being a Samsung device it will probably get the update pretty quick (I would say Samsung is about the quickest with Android updates).The battery life on this phone is amazing and it works great, I do keep it in Power Saver Mode all the time, and I do not see any different in use vs regular mode. By the end of the day I usually still have 30-50%, and only when I was at the airport playing games for several hours, did I ever get below 10% at the end of the day. You can also keep a spare battery on you which is nice, I personally have a backup battery device that allows me to plugin.Games on this are amazing! I have been playing Grand Theft Auto: Vice City and it is super clear and fluid with no lag. The device handles it amazingly and it looks and feels the same as it did playing the game on my PS2. I will note playing games will drain the battery, but that is expected (as the CPU,GPU and screen are all working overtime).All of the regular things works as expected, GPS works great, Bluetooth works great (it has Bluetooth 4, but very few apps offer the same level of support as they do for iOS), screen offers great brightness, but is easy to see and work with in very low levels (for battery saving). I have not had any issues with WiFi or cellular. I use Net10 with an AT&T based SIM and I have full LTE service and speeds are as expected. MMS and SMS work (if coming from iOS, be sure to disable iMessage or your iPhone friends cannot message you). The device arrived unlocked (it was an AT&T branded device), and accepted a T-Mobile SIM with no issue.Comparing Specs to the Galaxy S5, I would not pay the price difference. I am happy with this and it is a great phone. It was much cheaper than any current S5 deal, and if you are like me using prepaid, this is a great choice for a super amazing phone that is affordable and gives you the power you need. I am happy with this phone and highly recommend it! Compared to the other Android devices you will most likely not find as many accessories or get as fast of updates as you will with a Samsung flagship phone, even if it is a previous model.
Super. Love it. Definitely worth the money. I would recommend this to a friend
The phone came unlocked ready to be used with sim chip of choice of GSM carriers.Has AT&T bloat software installed and is non removable.
I love my new phone. It is very easy to use.
This phone is awesome and I still have it today.
Great phone, even two models out of date!
Just great.
I like
Awesome phone recommend them :)
Exactly as described. Brand new in box .everything listed was included. Arrived on time!
Excellent quality and service so far. It was as advertised-Unlocked and of use internationally. I've been able to keep connected with family and friends near and far via the apps including whatsapp, skype and imo freely and largely uninterrupted. A good data plan is essential when not in wireless parameters plus the battery is drained quickly from having multiple activities but I'm getting excellent service since my purchase about a month ago.
I love my phone it came used , and so far I didn't have any trouble.
Bought it to replace my wife's old a gs2. She's very happy with it.
I received my phone yesterday, no doubt a brand new phone. No cosmetic damage at all 100% on that, after I turned it on and got my straight talk info and all the APNs switched over, I kept getting an unauthorized changes message pop up, and the screen had a bunch of lines that kept running through almost looked like bar code like the phone had been dropped. I hadn't dropped it this was straight out of the box. This phone other wise is great, I'll be taking it to see if I can fix the bugs or replacing it
I love what I bought
It's a great phone and I wish I'd bought one earlier. Wish it had come with a owners manual for those of us who have never had an android.
Good work in Venezuela with Movistar
Okay so I was not a fan of samsung, two many friends a lot of horror stories, I purchased one for my hubby he's a big fan, I tried his I fell in love now I need the six. Phone arrived way before the time so impressed
I received the phone the day I was suppose to. Which was nice.
It was what I expect it to be :)
This is the second phone I have bought in the past month (different carrier before) and unlike my other phone, this one works perfectly. They sent me a great quality used phone.
good
it works perfect.
All as expected!!
I bought this phone because I ran my old one through the washer. Really nice phone but not waterproof so I can not give it 5 stars.
This phone was exactly what I thought it would be. Good quality and was unlocked for international use in the Dominican Republic.
The phone is great but jpmobiles had me jumping thru hoops to get the data connection set up. All I should have had to do is stick in my sim card and turn it on like the unlocked s3 mini i had bought for myself and had to send to my girl for her son.
Good
was almost like new I would buy this If I needed one, well worth the price only thing Is I should have got the uinver unlocked phone, but as soon I got a sim cards all was well I had to go with AT&T, but works good at a fair price
Good telephone, as described.
Just like my old one. And the case is my favorite colo . Prefect!
Better than expected. Faster delivery too.
Good condition.
Very satisfied with product. Easy set up. Prompt delivery
Exactly what I wanted, and got here quickly. Thanks.
The phone works perfectly but because it is an AT&T branded phone the hotspot refuse to work
I needed a new smartphone since my iPhone's battery was acting stupid (although, a few months after I bought this Apple recalled my phone for battery issues and now it working great...). When it comes to Android there are so many choices. I chose Samsung since it is about the best contender in the Android market. They frequently update and their software is great. I compared this to Sony Xperia Z and the HTC something (comparable model, but do not remember which). I chose the Samsung mainly for price and battery. I got the AT&T version (at the time this item was listed as AT&T version), it appears to no longer be listed that way. I use Net10 and like not having a contract, so I have to be proactive in finding a great deal on smartphones (no carrier subsidy). I got this for around $300, which is great for this new of a smartphone. It not the current version, but now a days nothing you every buy will be. The specs are still great and it has amazing speed and battery life.The phone has great audio (one of the reasons I chose this over the Xperia Z), the sound is super loud and even out does my iPhone 5. I was disappointed that my iPhone headphones would not work properly in this (could hear and talk, but could not skip or change volume). You do get some nice headphones with this, but I cannot wear the kind that sticks in your ears, they always fall out, and my iPhone headphones have an adapter that makes them over the ear. This is not related to the phone, but Android is annoying with the headphone volume warning.During my time using the iPhone, I have gotten used to Siri. I tried the Samsung program, but it was not that great. I then found Google search and started using it. Not that easy, since you have to disable some stuff to get Google to be the default voice assistant. After some research and messing around I finally got it where I can use Google search and the OK GOOGLE. At first OK GOOGLE worked all the time, but randomly it started only working when I had the phone active (screen had to be on).The camera is amazing on this phone, it offers a lot of neat filters and special shots, but truthfully you are going to use the normal camera, which takes amazing photos (if you change it to 4:3 you can get the highest resolution, not default). I have played with the camera features, and while they are cool, they require more prep than normal use (getting subject ready...), so I do not use them often, more of a 'check out what my phone can do' thing.Stock browser is terrible, use Chrome. Chrome is great, and I am not sure why they still even load the stock browser. Chrome works as expected and is super fast. You can sync with desktop Chrome (linked to your account) and I have not had any issue browsing the web, "Request Desktop Site" is about the most useful feature ever for mobile browsers. There is no Flash, but that has been long removed, and most sites have moved on, so not a big deal to me.When I got the phone I spent a lot of time removing the crap apps, these are the apps that AT&T loads and Samsung loads, and that you will never use. They are also made where you cannot remove them (I am not rooting). You can at least disable/hide them from launcher and that makes life a little better. I think I should be able to remove any apps I want (that would not cause the OS to become unstable).I was able to update to KitKat after a painful waste of time dealing with the AT&T updater. Apparently you cannot update except with OTA. Everytime you try to update, if it fails you will get a check again in 24 hours. Really annoying. I found that you can change system time 24 hours in the future and it will let you check. I had to do this several times until I could finally get it to work and say Android KitKat was available... Do not go crazy jumping into the future; just do the minimum each time, so when it finally works, you are not locked out for years... You could always repeat this process for future updates, but it is still annoying.I find Samsung Kies useless. Just put the Micro SD card into the computer and copy your stuff over to it (Movies, Music), and pop it in the phone. If you want you can copy it from the phone to local storage, but I personally keep apps on internal storage and images/music/movies on the SD card. This works great for me.Fancy features on the phone are endless, and for the most part not going to work. All of the fancy voice commands and gestures are very sporadic and sometimes work. The only one I find useful is the wave your hand over to get a quick view, it looks cool in meetings and shows you a quick glance of content. I have not used any of the other features and I did try, but most just stopped working properly. A cool feature I was looking forward to was the eye detection (look away and the movie pauses). I found it often doing the opposite, look away it keeps playing, look back at phone it pauses. I found it more pausing when I tried to watch than anything. I disabled this. Cool in theory, but I guess it cannot detect my eyes properly.This has Google Play and Google Services, which is really the only way to enjoy an Android based device. Without those you will not be able to use Google apps and other apps that rely on Google services. This allows this device to use the Amazon Appstore (great for free apps and loads of giveaways and free credit) and Google Play, the home of pretty much all Android apps.It does offer a feature where you can use split screen with certain apps and can put some content on the bottom and other on top, this is a neat idea, but a screen this small does not make it all that useful. I keep it off, but made it one of my main items in the notification center, so I can enable it quickly if I need to type an email while looking at a webpage or something.I am not going to go over the petty problems I have with Android (like difficulty of quickly seeing emails, and my hatred of the primitive notification system), because it is tough going from iOS to Android, and apparently Android L will fix most of my problems, and this being a Samsung device it will probably get the update pretty quick (I would say Samsung is about the quickest with Android updates).The battery life on this phone is amazing and it works great, I do keep it in Power Saver Mode all the time, and I do not see any different in use vs regular mode. By the end of the day I usually still have 30-50%, and only when I was at the airport playing games for several hours, did I ever get below 10% at the end of the day. You can also keep a spare battery on you which is nice, I personally have a backup battery device that allows me to plugin.Games on this are amazing! I have been playing Grand Theft Auto: Vice City and it is super clear and fluid with no lag. The device handles it amazingly and it looks and feels the same as it did playing the game on my PS2. I will note playing games will drain the battery, but that is expected (as the CPU,GPU and screen are all working overtime).All of the regular things works as expected, GPS works great, Bluetooth works great (it has Bluetooth 4, but very few apps offer the same level of support as they do for iOS), screen offers great brightness, but is easy to see and work with in very low levels (for battery saving). I have not had any issues with WiFi or cellular. I use Net10 with an AT&T based SIM and I have full LTE service and speeds are as expected. MMS and SMS work (if coming from iOS, be sure to disable iMessage or your iPhone friends cannot message you). The device arrived unlocked (it was an AT&T branded device), and accepted a T-Mobile SIM with no issue.Comparing Specs to the Galaxy S5, I would not pay the price difference. I am happy with this and it is a great phone. It was much cheaper than any current S5 deal, and if you are like me using prepaid, this is a great choice for a super amazing phone that is affordable and gives you the power you need. I am happy with this phone and highly recommend it! Compared to the other Android devices you will most likely not find as many accessories or get as fast of updates as you will with a Samsung flagship phone, even if it is a previous model.
Thanks
I love this phone 5 stars
I got this phone for my son to replace an HTC 4G LTE Evo. He finds that it is much more reliable and the AT&T service in his area is faster and stronger than the Sprint service he previously used. It was a good purchase.
battery life leaves something to be desired, but other than that I couldn't be happier!
Bought from Wireless Experts Inc, fulfilled by Amazon (comes new with seals on box intact). Works great on Straight Talk (talk/text/data). Only downside is lots of ATT bloatware, which can be removed if you are willing to root the device, otherwise u can just disable the apps.
I bought this for my husband who is 65+ and wanted to replace his old flip phone. He really loves this phone and it has been easy for him to learn.
perfect, great phone
was good and works well. nice doing business with u
In great condition. No complaints
Working great great phone...
Screen when dark after 3 days of using it.
Great price for this product works on cricket wireless, which is At&T's network.
Love this phone works out great. Got in great condition works perfect. I recommend this to anyone and everyone who wants a great phone best in stock.
Battery bulges out deforming the back plate which concerns me (safety reasons) but other then that it is a great phone and excellent value for the money. I just hope the battery holds :o
great phone
Excellent product! Brand new in box as stated. Works perfectly! Would have rated 5 stars had it been unlocked. But it wasnt a big deal as the phone being replaced used the same sim and was already using straight talk through AT&T towers. This phone was a gift and was very well received! I would love one for myself to upgrade from my S3. The S4 is much faster, especially after disabling all the bloatware that comes installed!
After the first one that was faulty, the second is great.4 stars
Everything was like i saw it when i bought it on the web
Excellent prodruct
Good phone and needed it unlocked. Surprised it didn't come with any manuals, but you can download the 67 page document if necessary.
I believe Samsung Galaxy phones are the best on the market. Mine works great!
Phone has some great features, the one I like the best is that you can download apps with two or three steps.
My daughter loves it
Great looking phone, almost new looking. It came wih a funky charger tho, maybe European?? Thankfully I had another regular American charger.
Love it. Works as expected. Better condition then listed
I ordered this from Taylor wireless as a used phone came in a bit less than a week. I bought it used, I would have never guessed it was used absolutely pristine condition. I am extremely happy with my purchase I more than got my expectations met.
I love my phone and all the great features. It is all that I expected and more. I am very impressed. Love it!!
The phone arrived earlier than expected, it was in its original box and the red color was awesome. I had an I-phone 4 and I didn't want to change it at all because I was so used to it but once I got this phone I saw a big difference between phones. The Samsung S4 is waaaaaaaaay better than the I-phone, it has a bigger screen, better graphics and you don't have to jailbreak it to get all the good stuff. Love this phone!!!!
The galaxy s4 is the best. The screen blows away the apple iPhone 5s i own. man, i love the widgets too.
This review will be less about the product itself (because we all know this is an amazing, powerful, fast, feature-packed flagship smartphone) and more about SIM Compatibility/Network. Because that's why we're looking at unlocked phones, right?I digress. In June, I bought the Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy SIII from WalMart for $459.99. I thought it an amazing purchase that I would not regret... I was so wrong. Little did I know it was a CDMA phone (locked to Straight Talk) and it ran on the SPRINT network. This meant little to me then, but it means the world to me now, because I now know that Sprint is the most awful, bogged-down, spotty, insert-derogatory-phrase-here network on this entire planet. I live in Hawaii, and Sprint's network in Hawaii is an absolute joke. I had no service at my own house OR my workplace that was right on the convergence line of two Sprint towers (Sprint can't switch towers very easily so just went into roaming). The closest Sprint tower to my house had a coverage radius of roughly 1 mile, and still does. And worst of all, it's a 3G-only network. Not a regular 3G network, either. I got EDGE speeds at best. I've never pulled more than 1Mbps on the up or down. Straight Talk's S3 was also very watered down, with a locked bootloader and very limited software accessibility. It was a sad life for me.I had had it. I was done with this pitiful excuse for a carrier. All my friends had either AT&T or Verizon, who both had full LTE buildouts here. They always pulled webpages and videos like lightning. Their coverage was broad and consistent. I figured it was time to pinch a few pennies. I had heard that Straight Talk had released an LTE-capable AT&T SIM Card, and I needed a phone for it to power. I had my heart pretty much set on the S4, but didn't know which one to get.This was the one.The product arrived brand-new and completely unopened. Shiny new S4. I put it in the wall, popped the SIM in, edited the APN settings ([...]) and BAM. The 4G LTE icon popped up in the status bar, as well as two consistent bars of service. My experience thus far has been wonderful - I've been pulling a pretty steady 15up/19down everywhere I've been thus far. I now have coverage in my home. I have yet to see the NO SERVICE icon. This may not be a problem for many of you as you may be already coming from AT&T's network - but it's a whole different world for me.TL;DR? This phone works perfectly with Straight Talk's AT&T Micro SIM card. There is no hassle and no fuss - I set it up entirely online in 10 minutes. If these qualifications meet your criteria, buy this sucker - you won't be disappointed.
loved this product ! workes great i just wish it came with instrustions because i am an iphone user and im new to android .
A tad bigger than the Samsung Skyrocket, this phone is fast. It has neither crashed, nor shown any lag. The screen and back of the phone can get a bit hot to touch. I find this happens with most Android phones I have owned (i.e. Captivate, Skyrocket, S4), especially if you have the back light raised to maximum output for longer than several minutes.A word of caution: if you are a developer or like to root your devices, you should be aware that you need the MDB/MDL firmware versions of the phone in order to install a recovery. If you have MF3, firmware, you will not be able to install recovery and it will be trick to root the device. I believe "safe strap" is the answer but I do not know the details. Look into this issue before purchasing. Further, if you do purchase a device and it is rootable, your carrier will likely try to push an over the air update to your firmware changing it to MF3 or beyond. If you want to root and install a recovery, you will have to stop this process. I advise you also look into this.Update Nov 2013: I believe there is a way to root and install a recovery on S4s with MF3 or later firmware. One method is called "Safe Strap."
thanks
I got nothing but Mad love for this phone!
Product and seller exellent
This was given as a gift to my daughter. She just loves it, works great
Has performed flawlessly so far. Nice bright screen and unlike my last phone have been able to install all the apps I want.
sweet
A good phone. I will be selling one of them because of a death. I think it's better than my newer one.
The phone works well both in the U.S. and in Europe. The display is very clear and attractive.
Excellent
Phone is great. Terrific seller.
this phone is great.it is a upgrade from an aspire 2. the phone came with all it described hesdset,charger,battery and as it said IN THE BOX,UNLOCKED.! charged up the phone overnight and was really surprised at all the apps that were installed.i really love baseball so i installed MLB/ATBAT,couldn't download the app, put in a call to MLB SUPPORT and they had me up in 10 min.i like the photo resolution really good photos.this phone is really great for me i text message alot and tweet so i'm satisfied with its brightness and clarity ,even the feature i can enlarge the message.only drawback is the battery.
love it!!!
I moved from S2 to S4 and I'm really happy with it as I was with the S2. The screen is really big and clear without the phone being as bulky as the Note. I wear this on my belt. The new features work fine. The 13MP camera looks amazing as you take pictures. The problem is that you have to take pictures very still. You almost need to use a tripod. If you move just a little, the picture ends up blurry. Now the video it takes looks just amazing.The battery doesn't last more than half a day, but I do use it a lot for internet, videos and games so I'm used to charging it all night and at work. The processors are really fast and you now have a lot of memory. Enough to have multiple big programs open without issue. I used to have some issues installing many apps in my S2 because of small internal memory (not everything could be moved to the SD). I haven't had to worry about that with the S4 yet. I also tested the screen mirroring feature with a nice Samsung tv and there was some lag but it was OK. When watching a video, you can just send the video instead of the screen and then there is no lag. I also considered the S5 but this one was $400 and the S5 was more than $600.Overall really happy with it. If I learn how to configure the camera so the shutter is faster or it compensates for slight hand movements I will never let go of this phone.
This is a great phone. The camera is outstanding! I am still learning about all the features and controls.I was going to buy the S3 but when comparing it to the S4 it became a no-brainer. This ph will do abouta thousand times more than my first computer, seriously. I can't see where I would ever need more than this one.I am using Straight Talk with AT&T. Works great.
Absolutely Awesome, delivered as offered, excelent condition, I am using it with Straight Talk and works perfectly
I don't know why I waited so long to buy this phone. I kept my last phone for over 6 years (Motorola Q9C) and it had always been nearly worthless for doing anything online, although I could get my e-mail through it and do some limited surfing if I had enough time and patience. I had an unbelievably cheap service plan that I was reluctant to give up (couldn't upgrade the phone and keep the plan). But I finally threw in the towel, and now I'm asking myself why I waited so long. This phone does EVERYTHING.The one thing I was reluctant about was typing on a touchscreen, which I have difficulty with. But then I realized I don't even need to type, I can dictate e-mails and texts! And it works great! I'm using it with Straight Talk on AT&T's network and it's been flawless, with 4g LTE speeds (need the correct APN settings to get LTE). The battery life has been good (although I am not a heavy user), and on standby it's phenomenal, it seems to barely use any power at all. The sound quality is great, the screen is great, and as each day passes and I learn more and more about how to use this phone, the happier I get with it.Prior to buying this I had read quite a bit about the fake phones out there and was determined to not be fooled into getting one of those. I did a lot of research about what to look for, and everything I read about this phone indicated it was the real deal. But one never knows until they get it in their hands. After receiving it I carefully examined everything, then downloaded and ran the "Genuine Galaxy - Phone Info" app which confirmed that the phone is authentic. What a relief. I bought this from seller "Mango Wireless," fulfilled by Amazon. It was brand new, in Samsung packaging. The only thing that seemed to be missing from the box was a warranty card (there were manufacturer's pamphlets explaining the warranty - but no card). It was listed in the description as being "Imported," which for cameras means there is no USA warranty. Not sure if that means the same thing for phones, but it probably does. I could have gotten the add-on 2-year protection plan for an additional $69, but decided to go without that. I figured I could send it back to Amazon within 30 days if need be, but if it ran fine during that time it would be unlikely to go bad over the succeeding 11 months anyway (Samsung's usual warranty is 1 year). I did get an Otterbox Defender case for it to provide some extra accident protection. Some may find that case to be too bulky, but I love it. I've had the phone for 3 weeks now and it is working perfectly.One of my passions is long-distance self-supported bicycle touring, and in the past I have taken a netbook, phone, mp3 player, camera and GPS with me, which adds quite a bit of weight to my setup. All of that will now be replaced with just this phone - awesome! This will lower my riding weight by 5 or 6 pounds and reduce the volume of supplies I need to carry. I am going to test it out on a tour starting in one week and will update this review with how it all worked out.I couldn't be happier with this phone.//UPDATE 12/7/2014// - The phone is still flawless. I've had it for 5 months now and still love it. No issues at all. On the bike tour it worked great. I kept an online blog, updating it only with this phone. I also used it to watch movies at night in my tent - I had about 25 movies copied to the memory card. The movies played flawlessly and the sound was good enough to not need earphones, but I often used earphones anyway. A 90-minute movie used about 20% of the battery charge which I thought was pretty good. No regrets.
Just what I needed, works great, price was fair
GOOD PHONE
I return to what I know and I'm comfortable with. Thank you for a quality product.
I am enjoying my phone!
Good phone but can't be fully rooted.
Excellent purchase,replaced my broken phone. It's actually an AT&T unlocked phone but the AT&T apps are easy to remove. The only problem I has was with shipping,it took almost 2 weeks to receive the phone,not Supreme deals fault,they were excellent to deal with!
I am excited about my new phone from wireless deals. The product was exactly what I was looking for. I would recommend everyone to patronize this seller because they will deliver exactly what you ordered.
Arrived on time, so far so good. No encoutering any problems.
Outstanding phone and works perfectly. Recommended seller.
I like to recommend
powerful phone for the price
perfecto
The phone is OK but has some issues
I love my new phone! Android system have a lot of free app and it works very well for me. The Camera is very good also
works good and was as expected
Camera
nice thank you
I absolutely love this phone. Not a single scratch -- looks new! And the shipping was impressive. Ordered it on Thursday and it arrived Saturday morning! Thank you!!!
good
Great price for product quality..
So far I am happy with this phone.!!
Happy. This is my second refurbish phone from Amazon.
thank's
Just as posted. Works great.
came on time and just as described
Excelent
It met the my expectations quite well . It performs great and has amazing features.
Just Love this Phone....Samsung the only way to go!
Seriously. This phone is really great. It's shockingly thin and light, has a great camera, and all sorts of features. I'm just glad Youtube has all sorts of how to videos. The "16GB is actually only about 10GB but you can put 64GB on a Micro SD card (not a straight across substitute but for most all that room will be for storage anyway). I think this could be the last phone I ever buy... oh, wait, something else just one-up'd it.Update 9-28-14: After two months of use I can only offer more praise for this superb phone. Yes there are other phones out there that offer more features like the 4K resolution of some. However, if you're not a habitual first-adopter or iPhone lemming type or corporate employee that gets your phones purchased for you, this is a wonderful machine with very, very few gripes.
best phone i ever bought .will buy another for my wife soon.hopefully in the next year.4s does everything i could ask.
Excellent phone. No problems getting it registered. My wife is tickled pink. I will probably buy another one for my daughter.
Great phone. Took some time to figure out how to set up with strait talk. I just needed the correct apn settings.
I absolutely love this phone, it is everything I expected and more. It looks and works great! I had a little problem in the beginning as I had to return two phones, due to small glitches (not the sellers fault), however third time was a charm. I only removed one star, and this was simply because I did have the small problem, however the seller was very courteous and professional, and the phones all arrived quickly and were just as advertised. I will use this seller in the future! Thanks
This phone is worth every penny. The new Galaxy S5 costs more than I was willing to pay for a phone so I opted on the S4 with the manufacture's warranty. It is very easy to set up and operate, in fact this is an excellent phone for dummies like me who are new to this technology. I would recommend this phone to anyone, but be sure to purchase an Otter case to protect your investment!
great phone for the mobile data... great price as well comparing to others on the market.I got it delivered to canada so I had to pay custom charge and gst (about 35 dollars) but overall I am happy with the pricewould recommend the seller.
Absolutely no issues with either the phone or the packaging, arrived in perfect condition, and worked as soon as I inserted the sim card from my old phone.
This is my most favorite device of all time and I was seriously deciding between this or a nexus 5x I chose this because of its small bezels brilliant display and fantastic performance the camera is a plus too so yeah I love this phone.
This phone was fully unlocked and worked with my t-mobile sim card right out of the box! Shipping arrived 2 days earlier than expected. Thanks for this AWESOME phone!
This was a pretty nice phone. I broke mine and needed one as a replacement so I bought this. I was uneasy about it but it was perfect. Worked perfect and is unlocked. I'd recommend it to someone.
Completely new, it is amazing. it is exactly how the seller describe in the description
best phone I’ve owned
Great phone. Works great
This may be the best phone I've ever purchased! I love it!
excelente
I loved it , the phone was in perfect condition , I am very satisfied.
The tablet looks & works like new besy tablet I have ever had ! Ralely use my new laptop this like having a computer in the palm of your hand.
After 2 horrible phones from US wireless and Onetime cell I have found the right third party company. I took a chance with them and my money and in return I got an awesome phone so far. I will definitely update my status "if"🙏there is a problem. Great phone everything you want in a unlocked phone and at a great price. And the phone software can be upgraded👍👍👍
Excellent upgrade from my SII. Get great 4G LTE in rural PA through Straight Talk. Absolutely a true super smartphone.
Besides the fact that the case is made of plastic and when it vibrates it makes a weird sound, I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
Excellent, and the best. It is a very good machine to work with everyday and you will get the best out it.
Great phone for the price. Could have upgraded for a lot more money but I am happy with the S4 performance and the ability to add SD card.
Good but the battery has a problem after a month of purchased .
I have the Samsung galaxy S4, and so far it is awesome!!! It arrived early and it is brand new!
Great Phone , This is a up grade and I am very Happy with this product.
Phones were as advertised but were not unlocked. I went with AT&T anyway so it didn't matter.
Works really great good quality
So far, so good! Works great and in near new condition.
thanks guys for the article. it was what i expected.
Phone was packaged as new, Turns out it was AT&T and I which works ok for my straight talk, I wish they were more clear about that in the description. I think I will have a hard time selling this after I'm finished with it now.
Very good product, the seller met the service.
Love the Galexy S4. It's the most current phone I've ever been able to afford and I love Amazon for making that possible!
phone is more than expected - works very well and at a great price = makes me very satisfied.
the best
Very good! Thank you.
working fine
I LOVE MY PHONE!!!!!!
Love it would buy again
as advertised
I had to pay 15.00 to an unlocking service to use it on T-Mobile. 4 stars for the phone and NO stars for the seller Wireless Experts, Inc. A quick note, too: S4 I337 is a phone made for use with AT&T, not T-Mobile, even though both provides are GSM. "Unlocked" means you SHOULD be able to use it for both providers, which is clearly not the case here.Now, on to what matters: the phone. This is my first Samsung It's a lot snappier than my all 3 of my generic BLU Studio phones. It's plenty fast for what I use it primarily for, namely, browse the Web and stream music and videos. I went with an older model as I didn't think it was worth shelling out 2-3 times more for an S5 or S6 for what I gather to be a marginal (imperceptible?) improvement in speeds.No problems with this phone for texting, emailing, and phone calls. It's 4G LTE but I only get 2-3 Mbps when I did a benchmark on the speedtest (.net) site, but then again, that what I got on my BLU Studio 4G LTE phones, so it must be a T-Mobile network issue, not the phone. Still, 2-3 Mbps is plenty for streaming full HD videos on the phone's 1920 x 1080 resolution (441 dpi if I'm not mistaken).Additionally, text is sharp and images are sharp and vibrant. The view angles are absolutely stunning. There is no drop-off in visibility at viewing angles close to 180 degrees on all four sides. There is a tiny ghosting problem, however, perceptible only with a dark background and light foreground -- not a deal breaker by any means.Plus, unlike the S6, the phone has a removable/replaceable battery. I usually bring a portable battery charger with me but I like the option of switching out the spent battery for a fresh one if I need to.For basic usage like phone calls, texting, social media, browsing the Web and for more CPU-intensive usage like Full HD video streaming and music streaming, this phone performs like a champ. If these are what you plan on using your phone primarily for, I'd definitely recommend this over the S5 or S6 and definitely over the Note series. It may be an older model but it NOT outdated for sure. I expect it to provide faithful service for many years to come.
Heavy Duty Protection
Good seller, good cellphone
great phone at a great price. it came ready to use. i have t-mobile and even though the phone was at&t i had no problem connecting it to t-mobile.
I had a Galaxy S4 for 2 years and absolutely loved it. The size is perfect, it's very fast and the design is very nice. Also, it takes amazing pictures. This old S4 I had started having issues reading the SIM card, so I decided it was time to buy a new one, and I immediately knew I wanted to buy a S4 again.The item arrived quickly and in its original box. It comes with its charger, earphones and battery. It also comes with an instruction manual.I was scared when the item first arrived as I ordered an unlocked phone and this one seemed to be AT&T (It even has the AT&T logo on the back). When I turned it on, the AT&T logo appeared again, and it had a lot of their apps too. However, when I tried it with a different carrier's SIM, it worked just fine. I'm guessing these phones were the ones that AT&T didn't sell, so they unlocked them.Very happy with my phone. I love this model.
No problems to report. It's a solid phone if you are not a technology hound and looking for capable modern smart phone without breaking the bank.
A good phone,for a friend in jamacia, and she likes it.
Great
I love it!!
Great product, brand new just like it was described. Better even because the phone is actually 32gb instead of the stated 16gb!! That adds quite a bit of value to the phone considering that it's a good price just for.8l
Really good phone.
Great
Love it! Went from an iPhone 4s to this and couldn't be happier.
love it ;)))
The phone arrived petty quickly and I love it. I changed from a flip phone to the Samsung galaxy s4!!
Nice phone
It arrived on time by Prime. The phone looked new out of box and worked very well. I was worried after reading some of the reviews, but I am the lucky one I guess. I am a AT&T user, so I have no lock/unlock problem as other user had. This is the first time buying a new phone online. I am very happy with the end result.
Amazing.. got it in time♡
Super phone.
Great phone, good price. I set it up manually with Cricket. Great coverage for me (MetroWest Boston) and $35 per month with automatic payments set up. Unlimited talk and text, 500 MB data at which point they slow it down. Perfect for me.
Great phone through at&t carrier. Extremely pleased.
Nice cellphone
everything is good
Love my phone
Product works great and extremely fast shipping
Great phone, no lag whatsoever and that's a first for any android I've owned. The newer phones will be faster but if youre looking for a cheap, reliable phone with 4g capability this one will be perfect.
Love the phone, no issues with it at all. I was able to use my old sim card without any problems.
Very good
I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it! We needed an unlocked phone that we could use straight talk with and it needed to run thru AT&T due to their location. This phone fit the bill and she is thrilled to have a newer phone with a great camera and all the bells and whistles but still able to have an affordable monthly payment with straight talk. Very satisfied with this phone!
love this phone.
Excelent
Great phone
Purchased two these, everything except Samsung headsets in the boxes, VERY disappointed but AMAZON made good. All other smart phones I have purchased came with headsets so not sure if this was the vendor or Samsung putting on the CHEAP for more margins! However the phones both work great and are Unlocked GSM model SGH-i337 and they do have AT&T apps in them, no big deal. Gotta Love AMAZON!
Finally a big screen
perfect NEW condition an works EXCELLENT...
excelente
Good smart phone, what it is advertised as. Only issue with the device is that the far right bottom "soft" button for the return is slightly faded out. I will say it is kind of weird having a phone with an AT&T logo that is on my T-Mobile account.
I would give it 5 stars but it wasn't meant for the U.S.A. so it doesn't get 4g its HSPA+. Still works great with Straight Talk. And I really like the phone and all of its features.
An excellent lower cost cell phone . Does everything on higher priced unit can do . It was a gift for my son.
The product was just like the posted but the here in venezuela doesn't work propertly with my phone company :-(. You guys should warn about it
Excellent product, thank you very much
Still learning all the bells and whistles but it works great!
works perfect with Tmobile.
Good
Loved this phone for my husband, easy set up and in perfect condition when it arrived.
Phone is great. Everything works just fine.
It is a great phone but it was a little difficult to get it to work on my T-Mobile service. Great price!
great phone works awesome.
Excellent item
Phone looks like picture and was able to change to my service cricket with not problem. The only thing I do not like is the phone is very small I thought Samsung Galaxy 4 were big. The battery does not hold a charge and it takes forever to charge.
This phone works well so far. Sometimes it freezes but I just hold down the power key to turn the screen off and on.
I have an iPhone 6 and bought this for a friend... wow nice phone and does everything the iPhone does at a dramatically cheaper price
Great phone at a great price. Works perfectly
Phone worked as promised and in good condition. Happy with it!
This product is exactly as described. They look and work like brand new phones.
Just recently purchased this phone (~3/28/16). Love it so far. It was purchased for my husband who is very electronic challenged and he likes it. If he can hear the phone ringing while in the carrier (which he can) that is a big plus. The vendor even delivered before promised date, cudos to you.
product is great. love it
Great phone for the money! Brand new in the box! I took it to my at&t store and they transferred my information from my old phone to the new one!
Nice phone. Its small enough to fit in my pocket. Love the S4 technology.
works great.as described.
order was shipped on time and the product was as advertised
Phones was in perfect condition. Works great on Cricket Network. No issues at all, love the phone.
Would be 5 stars, great phone, good price. But, in the picture that it shows, it shows two cables, one I imagined would be headphones, I did not receive any, the screen was slightly scuffed, nothing terrible. And it did not come in Samsung box, slightly disappointing but overall great phone. I ordered mine from "Observeye". Phone arrived fast.The phone was "refurbished".Also I don't believe the charger is the factory charger either.
Phone looks like picture and was able to change to my service cricket with not problem. The only thing I do not like is the phone is very small I thought Samsung Galaxy 4 were big. The battery does not hold a charge and it takes forever to charge.
This phone works well so far. Sometimes it freezes but I just hold down the power key to turn the screen off and on.
It's a great phone, the only problem we had was that even though it's says it's unlocked, still you are not allowed to tether internet from the phone, the company does not allow it. Other than that, happy with the purchase.
Great Product
Perfect. No flaws. Works like new
So far I am happy with this phone.!!
Fast, best WiFi connection, great camera, easy connection to my carrier (Consumer Cellular), only negative is the lack of a printed handbook for all the additional options included in this phone.
My S3 gave out so I was confident this phone would be great.
I bought this as a upgrade so I wouldn't have to go through AT&T. I have had this phone for a couple days and have had no problems with it. I have a camo otterbox defender coming in the mail tomorrow
Costly
works like a champ!
The phone arrived as described. Great product. The battery life is not as long as I had hoped but the phone itself works great!
Happy with my purchase.
My husband is very please with his new Samsung Galaxy S4.
without box and earphones
The best celular
I Love My Phone
The Galaxy S4 was not too expensive and at the same time a full featured multifunctional smart phone that takes excellent pictures.
No complaints for now. Only had phone for two weeks so far
HOPE IS GOING TO MEET MY NEED.
bought as a gift they love it
Works good. Good vendor
Working great on Straight Talk.
Love my phone
I bought to of these from seller. Both work fine just one of them had some large chips in the outer edge of the phone. Makes me worry that someone obviously dropped the phone numerous times with no case on it? Samsung makes a quality product so hoping it lasts a long time.
I love my phone. Every thing I wanted and more.
Good quality product. Everything works.
Very happy with it. It does more then I will ever need. I really like the ease of talking your messages and other information.
I am super pleased with my purchase!!!!! I bought a "supposedly" used phone from the seller Chubbiestech at a very reasonable price. I use the word "supposedly" because the phone I got had no problems - cosmetically or technically. I got all genuine Samsung parts and the shipment was really fast. Overall, I am truly satisfied with my purchase from Chubbiestech being that it was first time (^,^)
I have used it over one week it is very goodthxxxxx
I received the phone the day I was suppose to. Which was nice.
It was what I expect it to be :)
Love the phone and the company It was sold by
Works perfect and my better half loves her new phone!
love it great cell phone awesome condition like new very happy with it order it as used pay just about half price delivery was fast definitely would recommend to any one who needs or wants a powerhouse cell phone bang for your hard work buck you will be all smiles like myself
Works excelent in Peru. It is unlocked!!
works fine
Wonderful phone
Love the phone!
Works really well.
Perfect. It was delivered in the time I was told, and packaged just as new with scratch guards all in place. It has worked just fine, just plugged my sim card in and viola! It is amazing how horrible my previous phone was working. I wished that Samsung wouldn't try to out do this phone.
Very nice and good cell for unlocked. Seller is awesome and would do business again.
The phone is perfect! The shipping was fast.
phone arrived in perfect condition
The phone arrived quickly and was undamaged. Unless you're paying close attention to detail, the phone looks fairly new. The phone is not slow and functions normally.
very good...
Google services
good
I'm injoying my Samsung galaxy S4 each day so far" & most of my Co, workers giving me, a good compliment about my new Samsung S4
Great
Phone continues to drop calls and has to be seen by a specialist for further repairs. Have not got back problems yet. Did not fully meet expectations.CORRECTION The problem has been found and it is with the cellular system which had been experienceing problems for a short time. Phone works good see improved stars above.
excellent!
Exelent product
Delivered quick, works great.
Great phone and great price. Very satisfied.
Phone operates as it should, a lot better than my Galaxy Nexus. Really like this phone and the price. This turned out to be a great deal.
I've had it for several weeks now and I have had no complaints. The condition was actually better than I expected; I couldn't really tell it was used.
Phone was shipped fast and working great
Great phone....had it less than a year (Aug 2014) and having charging issues as have many others. Love the Droid part...charging will be your nemesis.
Good
Excelente
sold my iphone 5 to try galaxy, its my First day with the phone and everything seems to work like it should.i will update if anything goes wrong.
Good
I am excited about my new phone from wireless deals. The product was exactly what I was looking for. I would recommend everyone to patronize this seller because they will deliver exactly what you ordered.
Arrived on time, so far so good. No encoutering any problems.
EXACTLY as expected. Brand new. OEM device, OEM packaging. All film, materials and packaging. Quick shipping. Very positive experience. Also purchased Samsung Qi charging cover, so that removed the ATT logo from the back of the phone.
From reading the reviews of other firms, I was concerned that the phone would be reconditioned and not work right. So I made sure it was one that Amazon guarantees.The phone was brand new, worked perfectly and I highly recommend the seller and Amazon.
Works like my old phone. That's what I was looking for.
very good product. Worked with straighttalk as i anticipated, no problem on it so far!
I still got it...Got the Otterbox for it and it works ssuperb .I don't know but it works, looks and maybe taste brand new.lol...My first galaxy and I'm loving it.My coworkers got HTC's but they jealous when I use the Air gestures .
Good phone at a good price ... I am very pleased with how this works. The bigger screen (compared to my old smart phone) is very helpful to me. To be sure, I am still learning how to use this phone more efficiently. Nonetheless, I am very, very pleased and would recommend this phone to others.
Super. Love it. Definitely worth the money. I would recommend this to a friend
The phone came unlocked ready to be used with sim chip of choice of GSM carriers.Has AT&T bloat software installed and is non removable.
good product
good
Prompt service, great product!
excelente
amazing phone!!! luckily it was a T-Mobile phone, just what I needed!
S4
Just got phone. This is an AT&T phone with the AT&T logo on the phone and with the box that says it is locked. However, I have straight talk with at&t towers so when I called straight talk to get phone connected, it worked. But,... This phone IS an AT&T phone, not a pure, straight from Samsung, unlocked phone. So it is not unlocked it the sense you can use it with any carrier because this phone was made by AT&T for AT&T. Im pretty sure my phone is new, but when I got it, the back case was half open and there was debris under the plastic protector on the back of the phone. The screen protector was on the screen, it peeled off clean and everything in the box appeared new and unopened. I even got Samsung earbuds. If the phone works, I'll keep it, but I thought this was a Samsung unlocked phone, not an AT&T unlocked phone.Minus one star because of this and because of the back case open and debris. I'll update for the good or bad in future if necessary. I actually started the return process and printed out return labels because the box said it was locked. Seeing now as I got it working, I'll keep it for bit and try it out before making a decision on to keep or return.I do like that this phone has removable battery as most if all new phones these days don't... That is just stupid.***update 9-15-15***I'm returning. Just bought this phone Don straight talk as it is a straight Samsung phone without the stupid at@t boatware.
So far so good. I've been using it for about a week and I'm loving it.
Works great
Good
It was good.
The phone works great and haven't had any issues with it at all! Would definitely purchase from them again!
good
Awesome, my package came earlier than expected.
Good phone but too expensive
Loving this Samsung S4 - best feature - the camera takes the best picture ever!! (13mp)
In great condition
Brand new in book a s advertised
Good
I needed a new smartphone since my iPhone's battery was acting stupid (although, a few months after I bought this Apple recalled my phone for battery issues and now it working great...). When it comes to Android there are so many choices. I chose Samsung since it is about the best contender in the Android market. They frequently update and their software is great. I compared this to Sony Xperia Z and the HTC something (comparable model, but do not remember which). I chose the Samsung mainly for price and battery. I got the AT&T version (at the time this item was listed as AT&T version), it appears to no longer be listed that way. I use Net10 and like not having a contract, so I have to be proactive in finding a great deal on smartphones (no carrier subsidy). I got this for around $300, which is great for this new of a smartphone. It not the current version, but now a days nothing you every buy will be. The specs are still great and it has amazing speed and battery life.The phone has great audio (one of the reasons I chose this over the Xperia Z), the sound is super loud and even out does my iPhone 5. I was disappointed that my iPhone headphones would not work properly in this (could hear and talk, but could not skip or change volume). You do get some nice headphones with this, but I cannot wear the kind that sticks in your ears, they always fall out, and my iPhone headphones have an adapter that makes them over the ear. This is not related to the phone, but Android is annoying with the headphone volume warning.During my time using the iPhone, I have gotten used to Siri. I tried the Samsung program, but it was not that great. I then found Google search and started using it. Not that easy, since you have to disable some stuff to get Google to be the default voice assistant. After some research and messing around I finally got it where I can use Google search and the OK GOOGLE. At first OK GOOGLE worked all the time, but randomly it started only working when I had the phone active (screen had to be on).The camera is amazing on this phone, it offers a lot of neat filters and special shots, but truthfully you are going to use the normal camera, which takes amazing photos (if you change it to 4:3 you can get the highest resolution, not default). I have played with the camera features, and while they are cool, they require more prep than normal use (getting subject ready...), so I do not use them often, more of a 'check out what my phone can do' thing.Stock browser is terrible, use Chrome. Chrome is great, and I am not sure why they still even load the stock browser. Chrome works as expected and is super fast. You can sync with desktop Chrome (linked to your account) and I have not had any issue browsing the web, "Request Desktop Site" is about the most useful feature ever for mobile browsers. There is no Flash, but that has been long removed, and most sites have moved on, so not a big deal to me.When I got the phone I spent a lot of time removing the crap apps, these are the apps that AT&T loads and Samsung loads, and that you will never use. They are also made where you cannot remove them (I am not rooting). You can at least disable/hide them from launcher and that makes life a little better. I think I should be able to remove any apps I want (that would not cause the OS to become unstable).I was able to update to KitKat after a painful waste of time dealing with the AT&T updater. Apparently you cannot update except with OTA. Everytime you try to update, if it fails you will get a check again in 24 hours. Really annoying. I found that you can change system time 24 hours in the future and it will let you check. I had to do this several times until I could finally get it to work and say Android KitKat was available... Do not go crazy jumping into the future; just do the minimum each time, so when it finally works, you are not locked out for years... You could always repeat this process for future updates, but it is still annoying.I find Samsung Kies useless. Just put the Micro SD card into the computer and copy your stuff over to it (Movies, Music), and pop it in the phone. If you want you can copy it from the phone to local storage, but I personally keep apps on internal storage and images/music/movies on the SD card. This works great for me.Fancy features on the phone are endless, and for the most part not going to work. All of the fancy voice commands and gestures are very sporadic and sometimes work. The only one I find useful is the wave your hand over to get a quick view, it looks cool in meetings and shows you a quick glance of content. I have not used any of the other features and I did try, but most just stopped working properly. A cool feature I was looking forward to was the eye detection (look away and the movie pauses). I found it often doing the opposite, look away it keeps playing, look back at phone it pauses. I found it more pausing when I tried to watch than anything. I disabled this. Cool in theory, but I guess it cannot detect my eyes properly.This has Google Play and Google Services, which is really the only way to enjoy an Android based device. Without those you will not be able to use Google apps and other apps that rely on Google services. This allows this device to use the Amazon Appstore (great for free apps and loads of giveaways and free credit) and Google Play, the home of pretty much all Android apps.It does offer a feature where you can use split screen with certain apps and can put some content on the bottom and other on top, this is a neat idea, but a screen this small does not make it all that useful. I keep it off, but made it one of my main items in the notification center, so I can enable it quickly if I need to type an email while looking at a webpage or something.I am not going to go over the petty problems I have with Android (like difficulty of quickly seeing emails, and my hatred of the primitive notification system), because it is tough going from iOS to Android, and apparently Android L will fix most of my problems, and this being a Samsung device it will probably get the update pretty quick (I would say Samsung is about the quickest with Android updates).The battery life on this phone is amazing and it works great, I do keep it in Power Saver Mode all the time, and I do not see any different in use vs regular mode. By the end of the day I usually still have 30-50%, and only when I was at the airport playing games for several hours, did I ever get below 10% at the end of the day. You can also keep a spare battery on you which is nice, I personally have a backup battery device that allows me to plugin.Games on this are amazing! I have been playing Grand Theft Auto: Vice City and it is super clear and fluid with no lag. The device handles it amazingly and it looks and feels the same as it did playing the game on my PS2. I will note playing games will drain the battery, but that is expected (as the CPU,GPU and screen are all working overtime).All of the regular things works as expected, GPS works great, Bluetooth works great (it has Bluetooth 4, but very few apps offer the same level of support as they do for iOS), screen offers great brightness, but is easy to see and work with in very low levels (for battery saving). I have not had any issues with WiFi or cellular. I use Net10 with an AT&T based SIM and I have full LTE service and speeds are as expected. MMS and SMS work (if coming from iOS, be sure to disable iMessage or your iPhone friends cannot message you). The device arrived unlocked (it was an AT&T branded device), and accepted a T-Mobile SIM with no issue.Comparing Specs to the Galaxy S5, I would not pay the price difference. I am happy with this and it is a great phone. It was much cheaper than any current S5 deal, and if you are like me using prepaid, this is a great choice for a super amazing phone that is affordable and gives you the power you need. I am happy with this phone and highly recommend it! Compared to the other Android devices you will most likely not find as many accessories or get as fast of updates as you will with a Samsung flagship phone, even if it is a previous model.
Loving the phone it was shipped quickly, easy to set up and so far the best phone I have owned.
Very versatile phone meeting all the needs
Great product at a great price!
Good product...
the spouse loved the phone... glad she's a happy camper!
this is a really great phone. I bought mine used, and looked brand new when I got it. the s4 is tough, and still technologically relevant today...2016.
If you are looking for a high quality smartphone, and great service, SoonerSoft Electronics will be the right choice !
This was the EXACT phone AT&T used to sell. It was even in their (AT&T's) box. I am very happy with the screen resolution, size & functions. I have a Samsung tablet & this is very similar so it was easy to learn how to use it.
Working as expected
Outstanding phone!!!
Had my Galaxy S4 for about a month or so. Have had no issues with it. Great refurbished phone.
Nice in shipping and product as expected..
I Love This Phone But The Only Downfall Is That Battery Trips Out...But It Was A Faulty Battery...So Amazon Greatly Refunded Me To Buy Another Battery...Thank God
Phone is fine, but annoying security notification keeps popping up. Cannnot fix it.
Only have had it for several weeks, these are great phones, and expect it to last a very long time -- very good price :-)
So far, the phone has been working really well. No problems with the sim card I inserted and the interface is really easy to use.
Everything as expected... no issues.
Great phone so far, got it refurbished but seems like new. The only weird thing about it is that my chargers would charge the phone very slowly. The charger it came with works fine though. Worked with my Tmobile sim.
Verry good
Great Delivery timing. Product is as expected - new and works perfectly.
Heavy Duty Protection
Good seller, good cellphone
I was really satisfied with my order, everything was as I imagined. Thank you very much.
I love my phone. It does what I ask it to without a fuss.
Arrived on time, works perfectly and loved it
I bought this phone as gift for my husband, and he's only had it a few days, but he absolutely loves it! He has not let it out of his sight since receiving it. I received the phone within 4 days of ordering it and was very pleased with the packaging and contents. I would order from this dealer again, and I highly recommend the phone.
Very Good
On time working great
yea its a musical reference.Finally bit the bullet and got a smart phone for personal use. And yes they are an older model, but they don't Catch fire!!NOTICE: I have NOT receive this product for free or at a reduced price to make an "unbiased" review. I paid for it myself. I have NOT received any compensation to review the product. The above review is my opinion, after having purchased and used the product.SO THERE!
excellente device has all I need
Beautiful, thank youIs a good phone
none
working good
Product came in OEM box with manual and charger. Phone was brand new.
very very good condition thanks
Good
Works great
Bought this for my son. It works like a charm, he streams movies, listens to music and no complaints of freezing or apps freezing. He loves it.
nice
Exelente
Perfect condition worked great no problems :)
This phone is great. Looks gorgeous, easy to use. So many features. Plus I was really stoked St how quickly it arrived especially since I had shattered my previous phone. I might even get another as a gift. I'm very happy with this.
great condition , glad I purchased it
Phone was sold as used but it looked and performs as BRAND NEW. Thank You so much !! Will buy from you again real soon.
Phone in great condition. Very pleased. Thank you
I love it. I will use it for my backup. Its still a bit small for my hands. So now I'm looking to purchase the Galaxy S5
So far so good! I really like this phone. Went from the S2 to the S4 and so far I love it!
The phone has been doing great only one fault. It randomly says the SD card is loose. I take apart the phone and the SD card is snug.
Love this phone.
Very pleased with phone. Product has met my expectations.
Great phone
The S4 is a great phone and mine was new in a sealed box but it comes with Android 4.1. As soon as it's powered up, it receives updates to Android 4.2 then updates to 4.3 and finally updates to 4.4.4 where it stops. Be prepared for the updates to take an hour or so before the phone can be used. I can't believe the phone is so blatantly promoted as Android 5.1. Anyway, it's a great phone at a great price with a good operating system. I highly recommend it.
Works very well.
We got this phone for our grandson and so far it is working great. It holds charges much better than his last phone so he can stay in touch with friends and family. I purchased it from BREED and it came in what appeared to be a factory sealed container, so there weren't any problems setting it up with T-Mobile or transferring information. I would highly recommend this phone.
The Samsung Galaxy S4 was fully functional.
Very happy with this phone
I broke my nexus 6 and decided to replace it with a new S4, although now I kind of regret it.It's a good mid range phone. Supposedly a better screen in direct sunlight than the HTC One, which is why I went for it. Not to mention the extra storage is really nice and makes this phone worthwhile. The S4 is light and small, which I also like. You hardly notice it in your pocket, unlike the nexus 6, which is just too big for me. However, if you have the money, go with the nexus 5x.The camera is OK and I think second only to the HTC One for it's generation. And the speaker is strong for its generation as well.As far as bloatware goes, I installed Cyanogenmod 12.1 on the S4 and it mostly works. There were a few apps that couldn't install due to bugs, such as Lyft and some games. A workaround is to install the APKs manually, but then you have to update the apps manually.
Good
I love it. I will use it for my backup. Its still a bit small for my hands. So now I'm looking to purchase the Galaxy S5
On time working great
yea its a musical reference.Finally bit the bullet and got a smart phone for personal use. And yes they are an older model, but they don't Catch fire!!NOTICE: I have NOT receive this product for free or at a reduced price to make an "unbiased" review. I paid for it myself. I have NOT received any compensation to review the product. The above review is my opinion, after having purchased and used the product.SO THERE!
excellente device has all I need
Very good
Excelente
Thanks this is a good phone.. nice camera features, very good for any situation that requires a quick zooming and camera features.
IT MEETS ALL MY EXPECTATIONS AND MORE....GREAT FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVE GREAT PHOTOS AND VIDEOS. EASY TO USE. LOTS AND LOTS OF GOODIES TO MAKE LIFE EASIER FOR A BUSY AND HAPPY PERSON. THE PHONE ITSELF VERY GOOD LOOKING.
The Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom smartphone has gotten somewhat mixed reviews both on this site and in other media (where reviews have been more critical).It is an Android phone with a 10x zoom camera. So compromises were made on each side. But the compromises were sound in my opinion.I've had it a day. I've put it through the paces.As an (I guess I must admit) "aging" technology fan I am able make a broader comparison of this device.Compared to my first mobile phone from 1996 which was a brick that cost a fortune this device is a relative peanut -- and a power-packed peanut, at that.To make another comparison, the form factor of this device is about the same as the Palm Treo I had about 10 years ago. I was never really able to get the Treo to work well.This device I was able to get in full operation (using a micro SIM and StraightTalk service) in about an hour. Then I spent another hour (or two or three) marveling at all of its features/functions and the really superb quality/capability of the camera.It is a very good smartphone with Android OS -- fully functional. Easy to use. Fast in operation. It is to my observation no slower than my Samsung GT-N5100 Note -- which is very fast. Compared to the Samsung SCH-738C that it replaced it is a racer.I'm a guy who was carrying a phone and a camera around. So I'm glad to have the option of the two devices combined into one device. I was sick and tired of taking bad smartphone photos and/or trying to find the best Android camera app (which I really never did find).The camera is -- well, it is a good point-and-shoot camera. It takes better quality pictures than any smartphone I've used; it takes pictures that are as good as any of the mid-range point-and-shoot cameras that I own (but now have the option of not having to carry around with me).Summing up the Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom: It is chunky (again, think Palm Treo). But it is a smartphone and camera -- powerful and fun.The battery life will need to be managed attentively; but you can charge this device like any mobile phone (I keep a charger in the car and in just about every room where the device goes).It will need a suitable case -- I'm looking for that item. Suggestions?
Excellent. The product is exactly what I expected. A little heavy compared to the s4 mini, but it must be to have the built-in zoom.
My biggest issue with this phone is the charging mechanism that was sent which is why I did not rate it 5 stars. Instead of a usb connection with an ac plug, I received a european plug with a separate adaptor to fit into a United States ac plug with a multitude of holes in it. I tried all of them.Usually when a phone is plugged into the wall socket and is charging it comes on briefly to signal this is occuring. That did not happen with this device. I immediately thought I had been sent a faulty unit. It just so happened I had a usb/ac plug that I used to charge my IPAD. Since the usb plug fit the device perfectly, I decided to try it before I returned the camera phone. Lo and behold, it worked perfectly and the camera phone lit up briefly to signify that it was charging. Since this way works perfectly, I have been negligent about returning the plug and adaptor. That doesn't mean that it shouldn't have been. It's just the inconvenience of wrapping and shipping. Has anyone else out there had this same experience? Oh yes, Love the phone. It's great for persons who like really like photography and don't mind a little extra thickness. Whenever I pull it out to use it, people are intrigued and ask about it.One suggestion for those who are concerned about the "thickness". I purchased this case for $14.95 and it works just fine.Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom Horizontal Leather Case with Magnetic closure with belt clip and belt loops + Silicone Wristband
Perfect for traveling light - phone is nice and great Samsung quality. This is not a replacement for a high quality zoom on a regular camera but if you want to take nice long shots or clear close ups without lugging the weight of a regular zoom camera - this S4 Zoom camera is fantastic!
Love this cell phone/ camera. For those of us who desire a better quality photo and a decent cell phone, this is the cell phone for you. I would have to say that the only draw back is ( and I was fore warned ) is the bulkiness. And yes, it was "unlocked". No problem with Tmobile.
excellent product, awesome camera!!!
LOVE it... tracked it and it came in before the first day it was scheduled for. So happy with it.
fine
good device
recomendado
I'm very happy with this camera/phone. It is a little on the bulky side, but I'm very happy with the pictures, and I don't have to carry a phone, and a decent camera. The 16 mega pixels gives me very nice pictures, and other phones offering that many MP cost significantly more, and don't have a zoom. There is now a new, slimmer model, but I've read that there are roaming issues with US users.
This purchase was for my grand son and he told me he loves it.
bien
Love it.
The best phone ever!
Picture quality very nice! I purchased this for my daughter and she is very happy with it as she travels around England taking great pics and sending them back home to us. Easy to switch out sim cards for international phone service as well.
excelente
Two gadgets in one ... great
I do not know anything about its operation, it's in Nicaragua.
It's a camera with a smartphone on the back, it's that simple. There's no way you can be mislead about this device. I've owned it for a few months now and I'm still really surprised at the negative feedback. "It's bulky" boasts the note3 enthusiasts. What a joke. This is really the best device I've bought in years. It's straight forward and that's what I like about it. The size and weight make it much easier to use than most phones I see today. A case is essential and in that aspect there aren't many choices but as far as the device goes don't let any tech-head steer you away. If you like photography this is the phone for you!
All of life is about pros and cons. Yes the phone is a little bulkier, and, while the screen size is on par average with smart phones, there are many bigger models out there. So you just have to ask yourself, what's important to you? Photos with friends and family are something that I love to have-so I was intrigued by the zoom. Overall, its a phone that does all my galaxy S2 did and more. functions are great and I actually like having the bulkier frame when Im using the phone, I just find it easier to handle. Of course that is the case with taking photos. Which brings me to my favorite part of the phone which is a familiar trigger button for the camera-which is located right where it should be...no more hunting around the touch screen for the button--and accidentally hitting the wrong one! Pics are great-not dslr level of course, but far better then the standard camera phones I've used. The zoom lens is awesome. a final issue this phone has 3g hptsa speeds...not 4lte....this scared me at first, but on the t-mobile network, I see very little to no difference in actual load times. So I am overall very happy with the zoom. You just have to really ask yourself what you want in a phone.
Love it, not for everyone but I love it, and the five box retro, fits great, went to the camera shop and found a small holder
Camera work well , phone work well too. I used it everyday no problem so far . I would buy it again
Never miss a shot! Camera as good as my Sony a55. Fast and easy to use! I highly recommend it!
There are better phones, there are better cameras.... but the phone is perfect and so is the camera! I have taken SUPERB pictures with this camera, most in AUTO mode. If you plan on blowing up pictures tho, you will want more megapixels.But i now only carry ONE device with me, and can take immediate pictures, and post them to face book, or email them... on the spot, which is what I wanted! And even though it is not 4g, the data speed is fine for me, especially since I use WIFI 95% of the time.
Highly recommend it to all photographers who want to have a smart phone. It's very convenient and practical for daily use.
Fast and perfect
Best phone I have ever owned. Does absolutely everything and more. Camera is awsome. And if you are considering buying the S4 Zoom but are concerned about the bad rap it gets because of negative reviews due to its size or bulkiness when using as phone, Or just carrying on your body, forget it. This phone is no more cumbersome or big than many other smartphones to handle. And though the camera lens might seem to be an issue for some it is well worth the payoff by the superior performance of the camera/phone. Probably only an issue for woman or someone with small hands. Judge for yourself. I can see how it could be an issue for some. But for me its not.
Great blend of camera and phone! Got it a month ago, and loving it so far. I'm still discovering the cool camera features. Tons of photo settings including color tints for nice sunset pics. The screen is crisp and clear. I've also seen the full Galaxy S4 with higher resolution, but I couldn't tell the difference in display quality. I got some nice pics in sharp focus with the macro mode.It doesn't have the right frequency band (1700) for TMobile's 4G LTE, but makes no difference. Most of the country only has 3G which is more than enough for regular use - email, maps, websites, etc. I figure by the time 4G LTE is available around the country in a few years, Samsung will have the next version of this out.Don't listen to the naysayers. I held off buying this after reading some negative reviews a few months ago. But the defective refurbished piece of HTC cr@p that AT&T sold to me (after charging me full new device price) gave out and I decided to get this. The alternative was Nokia 1020, which costs 70% more and is on windows 8, without the 10x zoom. three big drawbacks that don't offset it's slightly better camera quality.
My daughter was so excited we were able to replace her favorite phone.
I originally got my first one thru AT&T, but after the use/abuse I've given it over the last 2 years.. I decided to get a back-up one so when mine croaks, I can replace it right away. I LOVE this phone. For mamarazzi's like me, who use pics to document their kids lives, this works very well. It has a 10x zoom so you don't have to stress out if you're at the back of the room in a school presentation. Just make sure that when you're "zooming" you keep your hand steady. I purchased skin/cover for it-- Amz has one that has cut-outs for the lens portion, so when you drop your phone, it's not the end of the world.. :)
Very pleased was easy to transfer my number for straight talk .... The only issue is that I can't download ringtones from Zedge ...
Love my new phone, came exactly on time. Thank you so much!! :)
good phone and camera I loved
Great picts, but HEAVY. We call it 'the brick.' Phone functions well, but for a camera phone it takes a surprisingly long time to losd the camera function.
Awesome cell everything I expected other than its at&t but im not gonna return it bexause I was getting a go phone plan anyway
The camera is pretty good i can't complain :) ill buy another one soon for my friends daughter.
I bought this product because I love taking pictures and hate carrying out a phone and a camera. I am not disappointed with the picture quality and I love the size of the phone. If you don't mind the bulky feel you will love the uniqueness of this phone
Best phone ever, I have had this phone for 2 years. My friends are buying this phone over the newer flatter model it takes excellent photos and eliminates having to carry your bulky camera on vacation.
great camera!! well worth $
Really nice camera love it
ok
Pictures are great, i love taking pictures thats why i picked this phone, it is a must have for those who travel all the time or like to take pics all the time, the only thing i complain is the fact that battery dies really fast, i fully charge it and then in 9 hrs is dead, also it is a little heavy but i dont mind it cause it is an awesome phone
Excellent
Best phone I have ever had
The phone and camera work great but they are a little bit complicated for me. I am using the camera more than the phone.
Great phone. I am soo happy w it. My only issue was with my data/Internet access. Upon initial use, I realized the txt/call featires worked great but internet access thru my carrier was not working. But after manually entering on the carrier info I waa able to access.
Great item
Very good
God
Perfect
My favorite phone thus far. The camera is amazing and yes it zooms in a lot. I always get asked to take the pictures at friend/family gatherings.
Very good!
A+++
Great!!!
I love it, the size, weight and design. I will order the same for my wife soon.
thank you
Love it. Works well!
Great phone with a great camera. The only down side is everyone know when you are taking a picture because of the lens. That I already knew though.
My teenage child loves this phone.
100% recomendado very good
The Samsung S4 Zoom is perfect. It is little different from the Samsung S4, having to get used to it but the camera is great, I am very satisfy with the zoom. Thank you. I had no problems with my order, received it on time, I would definitely order again if the is a need.
excellent phone
Love the camera on this phone. Packaged well! Just as described!
awesome
great
I love it so far but there is soooo much to learn. Not only in a new phone but a hole new camera. One that I have never had that does all the things that this one will do. Everywhere I go people ask me what is that? I tell the that it is my phone and they look at me like I'm a little off because they can see the zoom lens. So they ask what kind of phone and I tell them and they can't believe it they have never heard of it before. So I tell them it is on Amazon. You can get one there. Go and look it up.
Perfect
I love this phone! The camera is awsome which is why I bought this smartphone to begin with. What is important to me is "loud" speaker phone, which this phone has...nobody ever comments on that but this is great in that dept. The camera is easy to use which was also important to me. I actually ordered the newer K version and returned it because the camera was more complicated. I wanted this since it first came out and I regret waiting so long to buy it. The reason why I waited is that the screen is small for me...I am 62 and my eyes arent as young as they used to be. I like big screens. The price was right. Good value! As far as the weight and shape....if you are a woman, you will carry this in your purse anyway so no problem. If you are a guy....it may be more of a problem. I say this is very personal and subjective and the only way you will know if you like it is to try it.
This phone is awesome! I upgraded from my galaxy s2 which had a horrible camera to this s4 zoom and I couldnt be happier. My only complaint is that I did not have this for the first year of my sons life to capture wonderful pictures! This is an all in one phone and a must have for parents that love to take pictures of their kiddos!!!
like all samsung incredible. bad is q itself off if you put it upside down. icing is very often although I have only 4 months ... I think the average wine DEFECTIVE
👍👍👍
Great
it''s not the best camera and cell phone for the egonomic, but is realy good instrument for me, take a clear photo, video and audio.the bad point is when you make a zoom, the noise into the motor zoom can captur for the mic, but this problem come in the best camcorder and is easy resolvo whit a bluetooth mic.
Excellent product, I recommend this seller
it looks strange but nice and useful
very good
My daughter very happy with her birthday present
Good phone camera take great pics
Fine
Bes gadget ever! It covers all my needs both from a cellphone and of camera
Solid Device.....Don't be deterred by reviews that claim the S4 Zoom is too bulky...you get used to it and is easy to hold....the pics from this camera are definitely a step above.....the videos are stellar also...BUY IT !!!
i love this. it's great for people who are in film or photography.
i like the phone the glass is nice it feels great this phone is a go its really fast speed
Amazing optical zoom camera feature with all lastes smartphone featurs!Handy in my pocket, stand itself with good angle to view photos!
I purchased the S4 Zoom because I wanted a versatile all-in-one Smartphone/Digital Point and Shoot Optical Zoom Camera/Video Camcorder so that I wouldn't need to carry around multiple devices either for everyday use or for traveling. I would rate the S4 Zoom differently depending on how I am using it.4.5 stars as a Smartphone. The S4 Zoom has a smaller, lower resolution screen, lesser processor, and may be missing some of the non-essential software and interface tricks (such as hovering gestures) found on the regular Galaxy S4, but for the most part it does a great job making calls, running apps, giving GPS assisted directions, surfing the web, video and music playback and most every other function you might want your Smartphone/mini-computer to do.4.0 stars as a Camera for taking digital photographs. I also own a two year old Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS10 with 16x optical (21x digital) zoom range, but which like the S4 zoom has a 16 megapixel CMOS sensor. I consider the DMC-ZS10 to be very good for taking both photos and video. While I knew I would be sacrificing some zoom range with the S4 zoom, which is only 10x optical zoom, in most other respects, both in image quality and functionality, I found the S4 Zoom to be nearly as good or in some case better than the DMC-ZS10 when taking photographs. (Please note that my opinion on image quality is based on viewing the images on a computer or hd television screen, since I do not generally print photographs to paper anymore).2.0 stars as a Video Camcorder. The S4 Zoom takes good quality video as long as you are not using the zoom function. Once you start using the zoom the problems appear. The most glaring problem is a lack of continuous auto focus while zooming. (The lack of continous auto focus can also be a problem when using the burst function in the camera mode). The S4 Zoom isn't the smoothest performer when zooming in and out, and it easily loses focus when doing so. Whenever you stop zooming, the autofocus function pushes the lens in and out to refocus the image, but this results in very jerky video. Another problem is a very noisy zoom mechanism which is picked up on the audio, even in the quiet zoom mode. My DMC-ZS10 is a far superior performer in all of these respects when it comes to taking smooth focused video with minimal camera noise while using the zoom. I do like the fact that the S4 zoom has a micro SD card slot for extra memory when shooting hd video. An extra battery or two are essential if you plan to shoot a lot of photos or video during the day without recharging.3.5 stars is my Overall Rating, which I rounded up to 4 stars above because I like the overall functionality of the device (and Amazon does not allow you to give partial star ratings). I very much like the idea of the marriage of a Smartphone with an optical zoom camera for those of us who would like the ability to take high quality photos and videos in a variety of situations including when it is not always possible to get closer to the action, without the inconvenience of having to carry around multiple devices. To my knowledge the S4 Zoom is a first in this regard. The poor video performance when using the zoom was a big disappointment to me, however, and I may still need to carry around my other camera when I want to record high quality video using the zoom. Had I known about this weakness beforehand and I hadn't been in urgent need of replacing my old Smartphone, which had died, I might have held off until an upgraded version of this product came out. My hope is that Samsung and other companies will not abandon the idea of such hybrid devices but will continue to develop products along these lines. The technologies already exist on separte devices, the challenge is to combine them in one truly high quality all-in-one device.My wishlist for the next iteration of the S4 Zoom: (1) Fix the autofocus and noise problems when using the zoom during video capture. (2) Add a manual zoom ring or lever around or near the shutter button, to allow for one handed operation of the zoom when shooting video or taking pictures. (3) Up the optical zoom range as much as possible, as long as you can keep the dimensions of the device within reason, i.e. something that can be carried around in a pants pocket.
I mostly wanted a camera with some phone/msging capabilities and this fit the bill. Compared to my Lumia 920, this is a big sluggish when going in and out of camera mode. It is fairly thick and most wallet/smartphone wristlets or clutch bags didn't work with it. Seller was fast/prompt with delivery. Overall, loving the phone and optical zoom is fun to use.Update - 11/6/2013Still enjoying the phone/camera. Husband ordered two Nexus 5 devices and we compared the camera/video recording features. I prefer the way the Zoom handles and takes pictures over the Nexus 5. The Xenon flash is phenomenal. I have tweaked my phone a bit by removing some of the bloatware that comes with Samsung devices. Hoping when the Zoom is launched stateside, more rom options will be available.I can take some good pictures with the device, but I wanted to add that Lumia is better at taking pics in low light settings (talking about auto mode). The Zoom's "night" mode helps, but I tend to take pictures of fast moving beings (toddlers and babies) so I end up utilizing the flash and/or manual mode very often when the light isn't optimal.When using the video camera setting, the sound of the lens extending and retracting can be heard--it's not a big deal for me since my subjects are loud anyway, but for others this might be an issue.My son has dropped my phone several times and at quite the distance. I've had no issues with the device malfunctioning despite the treatment. I do have a thin bumper/cover on it, but it helps more for scratch prevention than anything else.
The camera is excellent and I am happy with the phone. Although I used it to snap pictures, the device was a gift for someone who is using it as a phone now, and she is happy with it.
I got the camera phone almost a week ago after researching it online for a few weeks. I knew it was right up my alley of things I like to have in a phone, but did not expect the camera to be just as good as my nikon 1 j1. I have had the mytouch 3g for almost 3 years now and have been waiting for the right phone to come along. Well this is it, for me. I have been playing on it tons this last week and barely scratched the surface of features on it. The home screens start with basic ones that include media, news, and social media. You can easily customize things and set it up for your own needs without needing the quick guide. The charger is unique so I have only used it on this phone and only changed the phone on its specific charger. Which also charges quick. The camera does take more battery, but that is understandable and I do not plan to use it much on the go until I buy a spare battery. The front facing camera even has extra modes and things I have not gotten to experience in a phone! The only thing I will miss in old phone is the qwerty keyboard, but I am getting used to the on-screen one and voice typing!I always look into things pretty well before making big purchases like this, but it makes it worth it once you get the product in hand!
For those that are leaving reviews based on what you've read or watched, please purchase the item first, use it for at least a couple weeks, and then give us your "user experience." We appreciate the help that you may be trying to accomplish, but if you haven't used the product how can you rate it? Anyway, below is my review of the product.I'm sure you can find all the specs and un-boxing videos as well as picture quality reviews and so on all over the internet, so I won't waste your time typing about that. Instead I'll talk about my personal user experience and you can relate to it or not.I took the GS4-Z (or "Ph-amera") for a spin when my wife decided to take us on a mini 5 day vacation. I have to say, this thing is pretty useful. It takes quality photos and at the same time, you can share the pictures with your personal network without having to upload it to a computer or swapping micro SD cards (Although swapping can preserve image quality). If you share images on Whatsapp or other messenger, the quality of the photos will decrease due to their file size limitation. Instead, I chose to send them through email, and they turned out very good. The 10x's optical zoom is great, just be sure to keep your hand steady or place the gadget on a tripod. NOTE: Don't plan on standing this on it's side like a common compact camera to take timed shots, as the curves make it impossible to position it like so without some type of assistance.The camera is heavier and thicker than your average modern smartphone, so be prepared to have this brick swinging in your pocket should you decide to run. I'd say it's just about as heavy as the Galaxy Note 2. I wore the S4 Zoom around my neck with a metal camera lanyard (wrapped in clear rubber), and it worked out very nicely. I hear people complain about the plastic body, but the weight gives it a "quality" feel. Battery life is great when using it as a phone. You will however notice a drain if the back facing camera is used a lot. I'm planning to purchase a 2nd removable battery as a backup, so I'm not too worried.If you're planning on using this on a car dash/window mount as a GPS or small viewing screen, start planning on doing heavy modifications or forget it at all. The lens on the phone (as thick as about 3 s4 minis) makes it really hard to fit on standard mounts. Again, I just used my neck lanyard (If you don't mind the occasional swing) on the rear view mirror, and it was fine. Just adjust it a bit shorter, or it'll crash into your window if you happen to slam on the brakes.This device is definitely for a target audience. Currently the GS4 Zoom only comes in white, and although I enjoy the screen quality, many will not be pleased with the resolution provided. If you like thin light phones, this is definitely not it. There are many people that say this device is ugly, but I've handed this over to people to take our photo and they were intrigued! I've heard comments like sleek, nice, different, and very useful to name a few.I'd recommend this camera to anyone on a budget,who no longer wants to carry a compact camera and a smartphone at the same time. You could get the Nokia Lumia 1020 ($700-$1000 No contract/Unlocked price estimate as of 8/2013), but for $400, the GS4 Zoom is a great quality buy at about half the price of the Lumia 1020.
I would love to try out this phone once t is released for Tmobile. The phone needs to support the 1700 band. Unfortunately this version does not.
Excelente
Thanks this is a good phone.. nice camera features, very good for any situation that requires a quick zooming and camera features.
IT MEETS ALL MY EXPECTATIONS AND MORE....GREAT FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVE GREAT PHOTOS AND VIDEOS. EASY TO USE. LOTS AND LOTS OF GOODIES TO MAKE LIFE EASIER FOR A BUSY AND HAPPY PERSON. THE PHONE ITSELF VERY GOOD LOOKING.
The Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom smartphone has gotten somewhat mixed reviews both on this site and in other media (where reviews have been more critical).It is an Android phone with a 10x zoom camera. So compromises were made on each side. But the compromises were sound in my opinion.I've had it a day. I've put it through the paces.As an (I guess I must admit) "aging" technology fan I am able make a broader comparison of this device.Compared to my first mobile phone from 1996 which was a brick that cost a fortune this device is a relative peanut -- and a power-packed peanut, at that.To make another comparison, the form factor of this device is about the same as the Palm Treo I had about 10 years ago. I was never really able to get the Treo to work well.This device I was able to get in full operation (using a micro SIM and StraightTalk service) in about an hour. Then I spent another hour (or two or three) marveling at all of its features/functions and the really superb quality/capability of the camera.It is a very good smartphone with Android OS -- fully functional. Easy to use. Fast in operation. It is to my observation no slower than my Samsung GT-N5100 Note -- which is very fast. Compared to the Samsung SCH-738C that it replaced it is a racer.I'm a guy who was carrying a phone and a camera around. So I'm glad to have the option of the two devices combined into one device. I was sick and tired of taking bad smartphone photos and/or trying to find the best Android camera app (which I really never did find).The camera is -- well, it is a good point-and-shoot camera. It takes better quality pictures than any smartphone I've used; it takes pictures that are as good as any of the mid-range point-and-shoot cameras that I own (but now have the option of not having to carry around with me).Summing up the Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom: It is chunky (again, think Palm Treo). But it is a smartphone and camera -- powerful and fun.The battery life will need to be managed attentively; but you can charge this device like any mobile phone (I keep a charger in the car and in just about every room where the device goes).It will need a suitable case -- I'm looking for that item. Suggestions?
Excellent. The product is exactly what I expected. A little heavy compared to the s4 mini, but it must be to have the built-in zoom.
My biggest issue with this phone is the charging mechanism that was sent which is why I did not rate it 5 stars. Instead of a usb connection with an ac plug, I received a european plug with a separate adaptor to fit into a United States ac plug with a multitude of holes in it. I tried all of them.Usually when a phone is plugged into the wall socket and is charging it comes on briefly to signal this is occuring. That did not happen with this device. I immediately thought I had been sent a faulty unit. It just so happened I had a usb/ac plug that I used to charge my IPAD. Since the usb plug fit the device perfectly, I decided to try it before I returned the camera phone. Lo and behold, it worked perfectly and the camera phone lit up briefly to signify that it was charging. Since this way works perfectly, I have been negligent about returning the plug and adaptor. That doesn't mean that it shouldn't have been. It's just the inconvenience of wrapping and shipping. Has anyone else out there had this same experience? Oh yes, Love the phone. It's great for persons who like really like photography and don't mind a little extra thickness. Whenever I pull it out to use it, people are intrigued and ask about it.One suggestion for those who are concerned about the "thickness". I purchased this case for $14.95 and it works just fine.Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom Horizontal Leather Case with Magnetic closure with belt clip and belt loops + Silicone Wristband
Good phone practically new
As good as new and I saved a bundle!
I am LOVING this phone! I cannot believe it's pre-owned!
Very nice, like new.. works perfect not issues what so ever, fast delivery too....
Wow, I did not expect a perfect phone in every way. Perfection to the detail. All the papers, sim card etc were included and I can not tell you how impressed I am with it.Thanks soo much.
This phone is working great for me so far! At first I was a bit nervous to buy a refurbished phone but it looks like it is brand new and runs like it is brand new. I was able to activate it with no problems at all. I highly recommend this purchase to anyone that would like to buy a cheap, top of the line smart phone! Major props to Samsung for making this happen!
I was a little concerned at first by not getting this from Verizon directly. But I put in my sim card, and the phone started up perfectly. Didn't even have to reenter all my contacts.
Works like a charm! Great pictures. No contracts for me!
LOVE MY GALAXY!!!!! It came so early I was surprised when I saw the box delivered!! Great shipping. I immediately activated it and loved it. Great apps, software, etc.,,, the only thing is the camera quality, but I dont care as much for that so it doesnt bother me really. Otherwise GREAT PHONE!!!!!
Phone was perfect for my needs. I was a bit nervous about it being Certified Pre-owned, but I quickly realized that these phones are not a bad deal. You get the same 1 year warranty as if it were new and if I had not been told it's Certified Pre-owned, I probably would not have known, LOL. The box is original OEM and all the accessories were OEM/original. There is a sticker on the front of the box that states it's Certified Pre-owned. Great bang for your buck here, Go for it if your thinking about buying this phone.
Like new still had all items in plastic
bought this for my mother for christmas and she loves it. It was like a brand new phone.
Great product. Exactly as listed. Fast shipping
I am thrilled to have a functioning phone again. Love that I dont have to charge it every hour. I am still learning all it capabilities so I will probably rate it higher once I use it more.
Was nervous buying a phone online but I received it on time and as stated. Phone is great and has worked perfectly!
great phone
Excellent product but was the international model and I live in the US
Just like a new phone!
love it!! I had an Iphone 6 and hated it. Knew I had to go back to Samsung. I get clear messages, great pictures, and always a signal no matter where I am.
Right out of the box, it was in perfect condition. There weren't even any signs of previous usage. The cellphone worked great from the beginning. I have always owned iphones (4, 4s, 5) and was tired of them constantly crashing.The S4 was surprisingly easy to navigate! I also loved that it's not a huge phone like the more recent ones on the market. I was a bit hesitant to purchase online because of how tricky it is to find the right phone for my service provider. After some research, I was excited to find this seemed compatible. Still skeptical, I purchased it. Afterall, I could return it. Sure enough, it was compatible with Page Plus. I installed the SIM card (bought separately) and got service right away. I've had it for a month and a half now and still have no complaints.
Great condition, the phone is like new! Works great, just what I expected!
nice
Have had the phone for two months now and the experience is nothing different than if it was a brand new phone. Everything from the packaging to the phone itself gives no indication that this was refurbished. Extremely happy so far with the purchase.
Good
This phone is awesome! It is just like new. I've had no problems with it. I upgraded from an s3 to the s4, and it works so much faster and smoother. I didn't think it would be that big of a difference, but it really was. This is a great phone and we'll worth it!
the phone is in great condition. all through it has cut off twice while in mid process of working in an app.that is why its getting a 4 star. overall i am very pleased with the purchase. an i would purchase another phone .
Good phone practically new
As good as new and I saved a bundle!
I am LOVING this phone! I cannot believe it's pre-owned!
Very nice, like new.. works perfect not issues what so ever, fast delivery too....
This phone is working great for me so far! At first I was a bit nervous to buy a refurbished phone but it looks like it is brand new and runs like it is brand new. I was able to activate it with no problems at all. I highly recommend this purchase to anyone that would like to buy a cheap, top of the line smart phone! Major props to Samsung for making this happen!
I was a little concerned at first by not getting this from Verizon directly. But I put in my sim card, and the phone started up perfectly. Didn't even have to reenter all my contacts.
Works like a charm! Great pictures. No contracts for me!
LOVE MY GALAXY!!!!! It came so early I was surprised when I saw the box delivered!! Great shipping. I immediately activated it and loved it. Great apps, software, etc.,,, the only thing is the camera quality, but I dont care as much for that so it doesnt bother me really. Otherwise GREAT PHONE!!!!!
Phone was perfect for my needs. I was a bit nervous about it being Certified Pre-owned, but I quickly realized that these phones are not a bad deal. You get the same 1 year warranty as if it were new and if I had not been told it's Certified Pre-owned, I probably would not have known, LOL. The box is original OEM and all the accessories were OEM/original. There is a sticker on the front of the box that states it's Certified Pre-owned. Great bang for your buck here, Go for it if your thinking about buying this phone.
I love this phone but had to take it to At&t to fix some setting so I could send multimedia texts. Other than that it is a great phone.
Got this phone because my friend had one and I loved the copper color. When I got it the battery wasn't good but my request for a new phone was responded to immediately. The phone worked great. The tab wouldn't stay closed on the new phone so I just swapped the battery with the old phone and was sent a new cord also. Works great! I feel this deserves 5 stars because everything was made right. Would definitely recommend!
I love it
Love the phone. Had a small problem with the battery not charging. Bought a new one and it's working great now... Would recommend it....
Great phone shipped in two days works perfect on straight talk only flaw is small scuff smaller than pinky nail on top of screen but other than that phone is in perfect condition
Very pleased product was delivered on time .
Received the product very quickly, and it is exactly what was talked about in the details of this item. Very satisfied. I've had the phone for a couple months and I haven't had not one problem. Looked brand new when I received the iten as well. Thanks!
I ordered this and got it in the mail less than 24 hours later! I was so impressed.
Everything went smooth.
I've had my phone about a month and I don't have any complaints.
I absolutely love this galaxy s5 phone the fact that it is water resistant is one of the main reasons why I got this phone. It was super easy to switch my current number from my straight talk account really I just had to switch my old sim card from my old phone and it works perfectly! Also the microphone for texting works so well and the Google app is awesome to and came with the phone. A friend of mine wants to buy one of these. She has a s4 and hates it! Also I got it within 3 days on standard shipping
Great, shiped fast, works perfectly
Brand New
My son love this phone
Great phone.
Awesome phone very fast, quick charging and the only negative is ATA bloat wear.
My son only likes galaxy's.
The best phone ever. My wife needed a replacement phone. I suggested this one. She loves it. I will need another one soon since someone stole mine. You cannot trust anyone when you buy this phone.
Great Product arrived faster then expected thanks
Great shape as described in the ad.
Nice cover
good
Fire flame af
Great little rugged, water proof phone - well not so little, but still great. 5-star would have been earned if the backing did not pop off when it was dropped.
Shipped quickly and arrived as advertised. The phone works great, has AT&T bloatware and other android bloatware but I knew that before buying. Regarding the S5, the side on/off button gets triggered a little too easily for my taste. Had to put a PIN for entry to avoid all sorts of funky screen presses with this in my pocket. But way more positives than negatives.
Awesome phone! I absolutely it!
Perfect
Love this phone, finally got the 5.0 lollipop. It is a beast of a phone!
Awesome phone would buy it again
I love my phone! It arrived earlier than expected. It's amazing!
My expectations for this phone were exceeded. I received it within three business days, as quick as I had hoped, and without a scratch on it. Thus far, it works excellently with my straightalk service. I can't complain at all.
Worked as expected, awesome product
Great service, awesome phone!
Great purchase.
Absolutely beautiful, fast shipping more than expected....
Great deal and love the phone!
Great quality. Great communication with the seller. I love it...
speed is very fast uploaded and download
Awesome phone!
This phone is fantastic. I upgraded from an older T-Mobile Samsung and the difference in speed is phenomenal. Like many other refurbished items the phone could easily be mistaken for new if it had all the consumer packaging. Shipping was a little slower than I had hoped. I ordered a case seperately from Amazon with Prime shipping and it arrived on time, one day ahead of the phone which was a little late.I will probably not be checking whether or not the phone really is waterproof. I still use a Frieq dry bag and waterproof headphones while I am out on teh water. If the bag ever does leak I am hopeful the phone will be fine.I do not use AT&T. Voice worked immediately with T-Mobile once I picked up a micro-sim at my neighborhood shop.4GLTE worked once I set the network, which was not very difficult.
I've had the phone for a week now. Works Great! The phone itself is awesome and the price compared to what you would pay with a carrier or a Next service is a deal.
Great phone. Rugged look. Big fan of the Samsung Galaxy Active range.
Item delivered on time, was as described. the item has met my expectation.
Great phone and in like new condition.
excellent my husband love it
It seems to be very good, and it looks durable
great condition
Works will well
Fantastic
The best phone, love it.
gracias
Everything performed the way I expected except for the battery charging port. Since day one the charger fit loosely and even if I just move it lightly it stops charging :(
Love it !
Nice phone, but i faced some problems with the receiption-signal!! its less that any other phone!!
Works awsome its a keeper for sure its works great more clear view than the s5 I had I give it 5 stars
Excellent product, quick service
I had some initial issues getting it up and running but once I deleted the default APN, and made one with the T-Mobile settings. Now the only real complain I have is the speaker seems a tad weak and the buttons are a little easy to hit. Pick up an otter box and you'll sort it out. It's so great to get a phone this good for so cheap, when people are spending hundreds more on new phones like the S6 or the Iphone 6. Pitty those people aren't able to add a 128GB Micro SDXC card...
awesome phone. i am glad i bought it
I use wifi calling - this product DOES have minor issues with overheating when charging and using wifi or gps for extended periods of time. Then again most phones do. Just take a damp cloth and hold it to the back to wick away the heat.
More phone then I need. Size and quality outstanding.
SLOW RESPONSE TIME BUT I LOIKE THE PHONE. BETTER IF HAD A FASTER PROCESSOR.
Love the phone ! Still taking a while to get used to all the features and learning how to use all of them. Bought the case and screen saver as the package. The case clip broke 2 days later. Previous phone was a Samsung Blaze so this was quite the upgrade. Overall would recommend.
I like it.
Arrived early. Everything just as it is supposed to be. Great phone for a great price.
Great phone.
exceeded expectations
i love it
great, great, great....
I love it. It's the best. No faults. Works perfectly. Thank you
Great! Due to ups my item was damaged but they was very supportive and did what they could to make things right
Good phone. but the phone did not come unlocked. You have to enter a code that was on the packing list which I tossed. So I had to contact the seller to get the code to unlock the phone. However they were responsive and my phone works great.
Excellent product no complaints
Works great.
It's a great phone love it so much
great phone, no issues.
What a great smart phone. Much better than iPhone 6. More pleasing to the eyes, more options, very user friendly. I am always eager to use it which I didn't feel about iPhone! Samsung Rules! 👍
Only thing I did not like was it is confusing whether this is refurbished or new.
great phone
but I had to change from Boost to Metro PCS
Works great for Straight Talk.
Just as expected
I like this phone. It is rugged, feels great in your hands, is smaller than most phones with equivalent cases to the S5 Active's built in form, and has about as good a battery as the S4. Also, seems pretty fast and handles fast internet speeds well. (got up to the max 6 Mbs/s of my home wifi with a particularly decent download source a few times, and phone still handled internet browsing, watching youtube, etc., without issue)
IS What I ordered. I'm satisfied with my s5 active. Holds up so far.
It met my expectations.
Great phone for my Dad, replaced his Google Nexus (brother picked it and I was for a Samsung S5 back then)... which is a phone my Dad never totally liked... but all the kids chipped in to get it for him, so he suffered through having this for a couple years.This time, *I* ordered this one, and love the ACTIVE version, good in case of drops or accidents, I feel more secure in the durability.NOTE: This has actual navigation buttons, which I like, as this prevents him from mistyping on the screen... and is more intuitive for an older user.
Perfect condition. Completely jail broke, popped in my Sim, updated the APN and BOOM.. was working like a charm.
Awesome!!!
I love it
Phone is great! !
This model a little sturdier for teenage boy so when his original had issues with the charging connector that would also require screen replacement was same or less to just buy same model. This arrived in good condition in time frame stated and wasn't that difficult to switch over ourselves with current provider connection.
The overall design of this phone is quite good, this version samsung phone does not "overheat and bursts into flame" as the new version 7 seems to do. build wise it is a big phone made of hard plastic which has good and bad points unlike plastic/metal construction of other phones such as iphones. The phone according to samsung uses gorilla glass or a similar durable glass but in my opinion its best to use a screen protector because the screen is not particularly hard and will scratch. there are software issues between the "sideSync" samsung software and my windows 10 pc but that may be just my setup, as an android device it works. the menu is a bit clugy but all the controls are there one just has to hunt to find them. over all this is not a bad phone to get, specially as a secondary phone, even more so if you are outdoors a lot.
Paid $444.99 including shipping. Came with phone & charger in bubble wrap. No box or manual. Advertised as mint condition. No finger prints or scratches. Pluged in T-Mobile SIM and it worked. Product quality gets 5 stars, presentation gets 1 star.
Great phone
Got here early and had no scratches looks great
So far so good, no problems with it.
nice replacement for phone I shattered screen on.
es hermosoo
Great phone
Very good condition and working good
awesome phone,got it for my wife,i was rewarded ;)
This device is Everything in the palm of my hand.
Soweit alles in ordnung bis auf kabel und kopfhörer sind irgendwelche noname.expressversand nach deutschland war reibungslos und schnell.
I was, and am thus far very happy with my cell phone purchase.
good case
Phones been everything I expected, and was just how they described it
Phone working great.
Phone looks like new , everything works it should ... put my Cricket Wireless Sim card in and it started working didnt have to do nothing els it started workingPhone still had protective plastic on front and back
Works great and really good modelWould recommend this for active people
I like this cell phone, it's the same that looks at the pictures, and I receive in time.
is good thank you my good amazon
Great phone for the price, brand new ......Works great with Straight Talk!
Great product.
it is ok!
This is an interesting cell phone. It has sacrificed some slimness and a nifty fingerprint reader for some added durability and an extra side button.Most recently, I have been using the Asus Zenfone 6. I miss the extra inch of screen as I find it easier to type and read on a larger device. I also prefer some of the extra's that Asus adds on.But, the S5 Active is a beast in comparison. Build quality and speed make it stand out. The camera has lots of nice tricks. I like the slow mo mode for filming my kids jumping around.FYI, I am using this phone in Indonesia. Popped in my SIM card and I was in business. The AT&T stuff can't be used, but I just tucked it away. Out of sight out of mind.
Amazing...clear screen no scratches....my battery last all day and it arrived a day early
The phone was in good condition and worked well
Excellent product so far. I have used it for about a month and it functions as advertised.
No regrets... purchased several months and I have no complaints.
Love the phone ! Still taking a while to get used to all the features and learning how to use all of them. Bought the case and screen saver as the package. The case clip broke 2 days later. Previous phone was a Samsung Blaze so this was quite the upgrade. Overall would recommend.
Great phone!!! Nothing I mean nothing wrong iwth it and works great.
I bought an unlocked refurbished Samsung Galaxy S5 Active in May 2015 and it has been working flawlessly to date (6/19/15). I am a fan of Samsung and what they have done with the Galaxy line of phones. It's such an upgrade over my old HTC Inspire.
Great Phone!
good phone working perfectly, i will buy again another one for my mom!!
Fair price on a good phone, thanks for fast shipping
The Phone is very good and will recommend and also i will prefer buying more stuff from this seller.
Looks and works as new and as described. Would purchase from this vendor again.
I needed a replacement unlocked Android phone. I also needed it fast, as my other phone had died unexpectedly and I was traveling at the time. I use my phone for work, not for playing around with games or media. After doing some research, I chose this phone and overnighted it to myself. It arrived promptly and well packaged. Although it is an AT&T branded phone I am using it with another carrier and have not had a problem. I do find the start up AT&T music a little bit annoying but I'm told there is an app to silence it which I plan to install. The phone is heavily loaded with AT&T and Samsung apps but with a little rearranging I either deleted them or relegated them to one of the other 4 "home" screens (i.e. out of sight unless I want to see them) and used the specific Home Screen Settings to get rid of the annoying Magazine feature that at first I kept accidentally opening up. Now I only see the apps I care about on the main screen. In spite of all those apps, the phone is *fast* in everything I have used it for so far.The phone is a bit large for my average sized woman's hand, but not unmanageable. I can't use it one handed nor does it fit in my jeans pocket however I can hold it easily in one hand and it doesn't weigh very much. Given the larger and larger phone sizes they keep making, this was the best I could find that also had the features I wanted.The center of gravity is slightly off and when I pick it up without looking at it, it always ends up rotated sideways in my hand. Another oddity, although not a show stopper either, is that every time I turn it on a message appears reminding me to make sure the back battery cover is properly snapped on. I checked with a friend who has the same phone and he said this also happens to him. In both our cases the cover is firmly in place. A rep in the AT&T store told me this is a Samsung hardware issue not an AT&T issue and suggested I call Samsung support. I haven't done so because it hasn't so far seemed worth the time and effort.The battery is excellent. It blows my prior phone (Nexus 4, which I loved overall) out of the water because even with fairly heavy usage (uploads, downloads, some media) I don't have to charge it every night. It also charges rapidly.I have listed a bunch of odd or somewhat annoying things about the phone but compared to the features most important to me, these are things I can live with. I needed an unlocked phone, as I travel overseas and need to be able to switch network to network without issues. And as I mentioned the battery is excellent. The sound quality is excellent also, and the front and back cameras high quality. I have watched a few videos and they come across extremely well. This phone cost several hundred dollars less than other unlocked phones with similar features and less good technical online reviews (although it is still not a cheap phone by any stretch of the imagination). I'm depending upon the Gorilla Glass to prevent the demise of the phone if it is ever dropped on a cement floor (as happened with my Nexus)Overall, so far so good. Not perfect, but for a workhorse, travel a lot phone, it's doing well.
Like brand new.
This is such a good phone and at a very reasonable price. Easy to use. Good battery life. I bought one for me and one for my son, and I may get one for my wife, too. The S6 doesn't have expandable memory or a replaceable battery. The S7 is too doggone expensive. I should say that my second one came with a defective back, but my vendor took care of the issue immediately.
I love my phone. It came very quickly and it was in great condition. I would recommend to all who want a phone that is durable.
Awesome product wish I bought two instead of one. I bought the titanium gray 16g AT&T unlocked it arrived in amazing condition just a few scraps on the edges but works so good I couldn't ask for a better phone does evert hinges I want and more. I liked it so much I ordered another for myself but they charged me for it and shipped it but two days later amazon cancelled my order. I still have not received a refund so I can buy another phone. But this does not change my review on this phone.
This is one awesome phone. I received this cell phone on time and in almost new condition. The ad said it had minor scratches, but I only found one tiny nick that is barely noticeable unless you are really looking for it. I really like the Samsung Galaxy S5 Active and all of it's rugged features. I haven't tested out the waterproof and dust proof features, but it is a durable phone. Now that I have a hybrid silicone protective case for it, I believe the programming or battery will wear out before the phones exterior wears out. I would like to upgrade the android program in it to 5.1 or higher if possible but that will come at a later date. I would recommend this phone to anyone needing a rugged galaxy phone.
I've been using this phone for about 3 weeks. So far so good! Great camera, nice display, battery lasts one normal business day. I would reccomend it. Shipping was as promised.
Love it, my first smart phone, altho I am just now going to activate it, have not had the time.
My first smart phone! I absolutely love it and am having so much fun with it. Love Samsung products and the Galaxy S5 Active is awesome. My previous phone was 10 or 12 years old, and this Galaxy is light years ahead of the old one. I'm on a budget and couldn't afford the cost of a new phone from the phone store, so I decided to buy a "newer" phone from Amazon. I love it!! Ordering was flawless and the phone arrived within days.
Phone working great.
great phone. grear seller. I don't know what is wrong with the other people that reviewed it
Phone worked great. I have AT&T in california. Phone started right up and was able to use immediately. Saved me hundreds. Couple scratches on it,but no eye sores or anything that is out of the ordinary. Great phone for the price listed. At&t was gunna charge me 600....
Fixed the problem with my service well my bf service great phone!! He is enjoying the cell phone now thanks u guys
It was perfect thanks
After the camera broke, I decided to upgraded my Samsung S3 I had for 3 years, to this Samsung Galaxy S5...And I love it!Love the camera... very clear and professionalSound is great and the screen res is amazing...And I have been known to drop my phone often... amd sometimes where the moisture content is higher that of the typical tolerance for machanical devices....Thank you water resistance... now I don't have to worry about that... (accidentally tested that feature)
I would have to say I'm very pleased with this phone. After 2 years I finally broke my Samsung Galaxy S5 - it got dropped so many times, that the screen broke; got it replaced (cost me $200 at Wal-Mart), then about 6 months later it got dropped in water, then last week the microphone went dead. I pretty much beat the snot out of that poor phone!Anyway, I went to my local Cricket store (which is the cheap service provider I use) and they don't carry the S5 anymore, I didn't have insurance and I wasn't about to pay over $600 for the S6 or S7 so I did some research, read all the customer reviews, asked the Cricket people a bunch of questions and finally ordered this one.I am very happy with my choice! Phone works great! I just needed to get a new SD card, but other than that, everything on my old phone transferred over with no issues and I am very happy. I did have to make sure that I got an AT&T phone since I'm pretty sure AT&T bought out Cricket. Makes no difference to me because I got the same phone I'm used to using & I'm still paying one low price every month for unlimited everything, One thing about this new S5 is that it has a few different apps on it than the Cricket phone did and It came with the wrong charger (so I knocked off a star for not having the correct charger) but I still have my old charger, so not really an issue. Just wanted to let you know because I relied heavily on product reviews, since I, myself and an Amazon Reviewer. I like to get other people's opinion on what they liked & disliked before I make a significant purchase.Overall, for the money I saved getting this phone versus buying a new Galaxy S6 or S7, was well worth it! I'm very happy with this phone since it is exactly like my old one (this way I don't have to re-learn how to use a new one), and switching contacts, etc.. wasn't a big deal. The Cricket guy had it up and running in under 10 minutes!Also, for being a used, unlocked refurbished phone it was in better shape than my old one. I tiny ding, but nothing major! Just wanted to point that out as well since I was a little worried that being a used phone it would be in rough shape, but I was totally wrong!
I am very pleased with this phone.
Perfect phone at a perfect price
Works great!
The phone came as the review said. Excellent condition. Normal wear and tear. My father is enjoying it. We did have problems with the Sims card though. You actually have to take it in and get a new Sims card.
Highly satisfied. Nice phone. Now my son is already begging for more memory. Good thing I can add to the s5! :)
as advertised. using to charge spareally battery until I can swap it out for my phone.
The product was just as described and arrived within the estimated delivery date. Thank you!!!!
Good phoneGot here quick
I love the phone and the shipping. I would have gave you five stars if I had known that no sim card and no charger were included. It just happen that I had both, but alot of people may not have. Just think you should let people know. But thanks for a good phone.
Really nice phone. Would do business with this seller again, very helpful.
Was better than described.
I like this phone alot
I love this phone
I bought a s5 from here and when it arrived it looked just like new! Was pleased! Was able to take it straight to US cellular and start it up! Only needed a SIM card which they took from my previous phone. It came with a box charger the cord to it and a pair of Samsung ear buds. Worth the money!
Love it! Came super fast everything was perfect had it up and running within 20 minutes. Would definitely recommend.
Excellent job! Thanks so much!
The phone was everything advertised. Once I received the phone I called us cellular to activate it and it was working in 10min! This is a great way to get a new phone to replace a current one on a contract.
Worked great, just ordered a case for it.
Wasn't aware that US Cellular carrier is CDMA which will not work with GMS carrier as AT&T and T-Mobile. It was in excellent cell phone but had to send back which vendor refund my purchase price.
It was a gift for my Son. He loves the phone.
No problems yet, havent' begun to fully take advantage of everything this device has to offer.
was pleased
It's awesome.. Thank you!
The phone is beat up on the out side of it but all in all its better than what i had. The shipping took way to long better to got with ups than USPS.
Everything
Arrived on time and exactly as described. Thanks.
The phone came in as the date expected, and it was like a new phone. I had to take a star off because I read the reviews and it seemed that a tmobile SIM card would be a viable option, even though it does say Verizon. The tmobile version was 60 dollars more and I was led to believe this phone was unlocked for all carriers.When you insert a tmobile SIM card, phone calls and SMS seem to work fine, but it will not load any type of data. The Internet will not work, unless you're connected to wifi.
When I first got the phone, The battery seemed like it needed to be drained and charged a couple times. This is typical for anything with Lithium cells (new or refurbished), so no big deal. It came with KitKat 4.4.? which was fine. However, the phone was not unlocked from AT&T. I use COnsumer Cellular sim with my AARP discount. CC uses AT&T towers, which should not have been a problem. I actually worked for AT&T decades ago installing cell towers and MTSO, as well as 5ESS switches and a host of digital gear in central offices. But have little experience with cell phones themselves.Since the phone had an older OS, and was not truely unlocked, AT&T kept installing updates over the course of 3 to 4 days. No warning. AT&T updates would just start coming thru. Along with the updates, was more AT&T apps, bloatware, security updates, etc. Had I known AT&T would keep doing this, I'd have set updates to off. I expected Consumer Cellular updates, but not AT&T. On the fourth day of updates, the phone rebooted, then went into "recovery" mode, as I guess the update failed. I called Samsung support, and they walked me thru things, but the tech must have been new or just was out of his element. He said I needed to create a service ticket, and Samsung should fix the phone under warranty, since it was a factory refurb.I sent the phone and backplate (no battery as requested) to Plano Texas service center. Got a phone call from Samsung stating the back cover was "not original", and the phone update "was not authorized", so they would not repair it. OK....? Really...? They were shipping it back at no charge. Is AT&T to blame, Samsung, or just bad luck? I've returned the SM-G900A to Amazon under the 30 days, and instead ordered a T-Mobile version of the same phone at no extra cost. This time, I will decline auto updates, and work the battery over without a sim card and without wifi, so any of this update mayhem does not repeat.The phone box, condition, accessories and performance was superb. It was far better than expected. Had it not been for AT&T "storming" a phone that isn't on their network, and had Samsung been able to solve the battery cover warning issue, and fix the AT&T update failure, I'd gladly give the phone a 5 star. I have a 65" Samsung TV, 12" Galaxy Tablet, and numerous Samsung appliances. I accept poor quality phone support, as it's usually farmed out to India or someplace with cheap labor. But for a service center to declare a newly refurbed product as "unrepairable" is absurd. I've heard AT&T loads a ton of bloatware and security software on their networked phones, and also rigs them so they can't be updated or modified unless AT&T does it remotely. Maybe that explains why Samsungs repair people can't even get the ROM back to default version.Be advised! If you purchase this AT&T version, immediately disable updates until you're sure you've cycled the battery a few times. And don't pay for software, load apps. or load anything on the phone until all updates are completed. AT&T did their updates, and Samsung did theirs. All this over a 4 day period. I doubt any AT&T versions are "unlocked", and I doubt any attempts to unlock (like using codes from AT&Ts unlock website) will work. The phone will probably only truly work on AT&T, and there's no way around it.So, I've wasted a month, been lied to about AT&T being able to unlock their own phones (via AT&Ts own unlock website), and paid for 2 months service that I haven't been able to use. I'm trying this phone again, because multiple friends and clients use the Galaxy 5S and love it. But I'm not reordering the AT&T version. I'm going with the T-mobile version, as I assume they won't bloat the phone with tons of junkware.We will see...
I will admit that I have not had this phone for a week yet but so far so good. I was able to activate it on straight talk no problem with 4g service. It came with the headphones and charger in white despite that my phone was black like I ordered. Came with no scratches and dings. Not bad. I hope this phone will last me a long time.
Goodyear phone
This phone actually works great... came in original bow with all accesories phone looks feels brand new and it did come unlocked.... am so happy with my first phone purchase from amazon... happy happy happy ♥♥♥♡♡ :-)
As advertised. Fully compatible with my ATT Go Phone account in Puerto Rico. Arrived a day early on two day UPS. My only negative is that it came with Chinese language setting. Since my language is Spanish/English it took me a while to figure out how to reset it into English
Great smartphone!
Good cell phone. Thanks for sending a charger.
Everyrhing alright
great
I had this phone for over a month,it's Perfectly working! Loved it!Only issue so far is the "SAMSUNG" sign on the back of the phone came off
So far I am very pleased. I was reluctant to purchase a cell phone from anyone other than the service provider. However, I took a chance and so far, so good. The phone looks brand new, works perfectly, and the price was great. I contacted the seller prior to making the purchase to ask a few questions, and was put at ease knowing that they stand behind their products 100%. I was assured if there were any issues, they would take care of them. Happy, happy customer!
Very happy with phone. It can in good condition as promised and didn't have any problem using with Cricket Wireless service.
The phone came pretty fast I'm very happy about that and everything working OK thanks cell-sell
Phone was very good with only one complaint , volume was too low.
Looks & works like a new phone, really impressed.
I love it. Still learning what the apps do but so far it is beautiful.
I love to have this S5 unlock phone, Amazon's quality products, pricing and customer services.
The items arrived in original packaging and appeared to be brand new. Not a scratch, scuff, or mark of any kind. Future orders will follow. Thank you!
The phone S5 was as stated and I like it .it is just getting used to the smartphone as I have not had one before. the shipping was good and the S5 was in good shape.
The Galaxy S5 meets my needs and requirements.
Thanks yall
excelente producto
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is very nice and I am going to order more and send to my country. And I have also encouraged my friends to go in for it.
Love the phone, looks brand new. Works great, no complaints.
Absolutely love this phone. I switched from the iphone 4s and am veryhappy. I was nervous about switching since I have been a long timeiphone user but I can say from what I have experienced so far I feelconfident I made the right choice.So far I have found a fewlittle things that have made me really enjoy the switch. The obviousscreen size and resolution on the Galaxy S5 are a huge upgrade from theiphone. The camera and video quality is also far superior on the GalaxyS5. The keyboard that appears when entering text is highly superior tothe outdated iphone version. It may sound small but it is one of myfavorite features. The keyboard has numbers across the top which savesme time from jumping from an alpha keyboard to a number keyboard, whichis extremely helpful when entering passwords etc. Also you have theability to access other characters such as commas, questions marks,dollar sign, @, and colon from the main keyboard by holding down thecorresponding letter, which is another huge time saver. The autocorrect and suggestions based on what you are typing is much better - itis easier to select suggestions, the suggestions are more relevant andalso include previous entires such as email addresses, and it is easierto decline the suggestions or auto-corrections. A few other smallthings that I really enjoyed was the ease of manipulating photos forwallpaper/background. I have trouble cropping and using an image on myiphone but was easily able to accomplish it on the Galaxy. I also foundthe alarms much easier to set, customize, and create a recurringschedule for. I haven't gotten to test everything yet and I do have toset up and get used to using Double Twist (downloaded app) to replaceitunes for my music but so far I am so happy with my switch from aniphone.Obviously people have different needs, opinions, andbiases on what they want in a phone but I am very happy with thefeatures and ease of use of the Galaxy S5 over the iphone.
The Samsung Galaxy S5 from Amazon was virtually brand new and works perfectly! The price can not be beaten!
Great phone. Easy to use. Good price
It is not water-resistant. accidentally walked into the pool with it , immediately dried it out. Phone will get on internet but will no longer make phone calls. :(
Great!
Very nice refurbished phone. No problems signing up with Consumer Cellular.
Great product and value for money in perfect condition.
Phone seems to be brand new. excellent phone
When I first ordered my phone it came from Breed/Amazon : May 2016Samsung Galaxy S5 G900A in Black - AT&T GSM Unlocked------------------------------------------My phone gave me issues with connectivity.I bought this unlocked phone to use on my AT&T network.* I had people tell me during calls that they cannot hear me, I can switch to speaker phone but sometimes even that doesn't help.* I got a circle with a bar alerting me to NO SERVICE several times a day. I have to go into airplane mode and back out to get this to go away.* I could not consistently make calls. I got a pop up on my phone telling me "Network Error. Emergency calls only".* I also had a lot of trouble sending simple text message and 90% of my MMS (pictures) would not send.I had factory reset my phone twice. I didn't have any third party apps that would cause these issues. I had taken my phone to AT&T and had them put in a brand new SIM and check my settings... Still no fix.----------------------------------------------SOLUTION: RETURNED PHONE / Same model purchased through a different Seller via Amazon7-14-16 UPDATE:Reordered new phone and it shipped via ChubbiestechSo far, so great!! The S5 G900T is a T-Mobile version but arrived quickly, in perfect condition, was easy to setup and has worked perfectly on my AT&T service!I feel I may finally be whole again.All is right in the world...
This phone is in really good condition and appears to be working great. It is unlocked and accepted my sim without a problem. On the back cover though the letters in SAMSUNG appear to have been reglued on, and the A is completely missing. Not a big enough deal for me to want to return it but if you're looking for something in pristine condition just be aware of that.
Actually the phone gets 5 stars, but it's taking some time for me to get it all figured out!
I'm very satisfied with this phone, there were no issues and it work perfect!
This product came as if it was new. No scratch's or blemishes. It came with the original box,paper work,charger, and headphones. Only con is that it took over two weeks to get here.
I love it. It is everything I was hoping for, works great, acts and looks brand new.
Loving my reconditioned Galaxy S5
love it
Dear seller,I received my phone without earphone and I have serious battery problem. It losing power quickly.
Thanks
love it
Product was received in a timely fashion and without any issues. What more can I say... Thank you.
Everything ok
As expected. .unlocked ready to go
I love it the main problem I have is when I plug it on the wall to charger it does not charger I have to use my laptop to charger which i hate doing that if I can get a new one I will be glad. Thanks
Very good
Exactly as described & fast shipping. Only negative did not come with a manual, but the description did not say anything about a manual so I really can'take complain
Arrived on time, includes charger and headphones. I recommend to get a SD card to extend the memory.
Great! Order arrived as expected. Plug & Play
great phone. quick delivery!
Looks new to me even though it says its refurbished. Works great - was unlocked as stated.Extremely happy with this phone.
I like it
ok
Excellent. I love it
It works very well, it was a very good decision.
Muy buena
This is the best phone ever. I was tempted to up grade to the s7 but I chose not to because this phone is the best and now it's even better cause its way cheaper.
So far so good, except I'm worried that the charging port will not work soon.I have treated this phone with total care and the charging goes in and out every once in a while**Update**I've used the phone for a month now and I love it! But I have been super worried about the charging port. Also, the phone restarts every once in a while by itself and there's no update or any reason for it to restart. So be careful and make sure everything works before you use it as your phone.
Excelente. Thank you
It was expected working fine since I both it.
Phone looks and works great!Arrived a day ahead of schedule.I am very happy with this product
My husband and I were very happy with these two phones. I ended up getting two of the white Galaxy S5 phones because of the great price. Phone color's not really a factor in choosing a phone anymore for us as we end up leaving it in a phone case anyway. Since we dumped Sprint for GoSmart Mobile (best decision ever), we've had our share of little "plug and play" SIM card phones; but nothing was ever really as good as our S5 phones were.After waffling a bit between GSM and unlocked, I purchased two "unlocked" phones, to be on the safe side. GSM would have been fine, I'm sure, but I'll be the first to admit that I'm new to the whole aftermarket/unlocked/refurbished phone situation. So, paranoid me wanted to make sure they were fully unlocked, so that's what I bought. They arrived around noon the next day, on Friday, via Prime. I was able to get mine set up on my lunch break (within an hour) and it was working perfectly. We've had them for a week now and have been very pleased. The batteries, which were both Samsung batteries, have been lasting well on both phones.I was really impressed with the quality that the seller provided. The phones came in the condition as promised - nothing was falling off, broken, or worn. Everything literally looked and felt new. The phones also came with a screen protector already affixed to the screen, which was a nice little touch.All in all, if we ever had to purchase replacement phones again, I'd definitely buy from this seller again. Two very happy customers, here!
Item was in perfect condition not a mark on it
Like new phone, exceptional price!
It's OK for refurbished one I still use, the battery don't last
Nice and great
This phone is for my son, and he absolutely loves it! It is way nicer than his previous phone.
The phone arrived in perfect condition.I am completely pleased with with the item I ordered
Phone is perfect! Looked brand brand new!
Really great condition. This phone definitely was the best choice.
works as described
Got this for my little brother since he practically goes through a phone every one to two years. This is the same model I have and I love that you can add storage and it's water "resistant". This phone worked perfectly with our AT&T plan. He's happy and so am I.
This is a great phone, just big enough without being too big.
This company was great to replace the first one when we realized the speakers did not work. The new one works great. Happy granddaughter means happy Nonni.
I switched from metro to at&t for hopes of better reception. The phone is internally damaged causing bad reception and not being able to maintain connection to gps satellites. Phone looks nice. Back cover s was missing but I don't mind that. Hopefully not all the phones are messed up internally, but its hit or miss with a referb. I always seem to get lucky. Also the battery dies QUICK and front camera is not all that either
Exelent
I have a few issues with the product.Although overall the phone is fully functional, there are times where the screen literally stops working, the back and menu buttons doesn't work at times, and the entire screen becomes extremely bright and difficult to see in.Is there a way to return this and receive another one? These problems kind of diminishes the experience with the phone.
this phone working in Venezuela
Love looks just like new
Plugged our sim card in from our older S4, worked like a charm.
Selected this version over the exploding 7's. Like the the phone. Power drain is a bit faster than expected. Would have liked a manual but I'll figure everything out over time. Light weight. Great graphics. Very pleased. Big improvement over my LG.
the greatest ust AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! and so were the sellers, great, would buy from again maybe in two years a S7 who knows.fantastic and I locked myself out of it and ATT had to unlock it for me. lesson learned. love it. nice.. no problem.
It was refurbished, and worked perfectly! The only problem with it was the power cord didn't work.
Excellent, love it!
One of the best phones out there.Minus a star because ATT sucks for locking the bootloader.
EDIT: I've had some problems with the screen becoming disconnected from the rest of the phone which makes it turn off randomly at some times. I've had to take it to get it fixed, which cost about $65 and I'm disappointed because besides that it has been working fine. I'm having the same problem again now, possibly due to me dropping it (whoops) but I wish there was a way I could get it fixed for free through a warranty.--------------------The unlocked Galaxy S5 works like new! I'm able to use Tracfone with it which saves me a lot of money. So far I haven't had any problems with it, although the only small complaint that I have is that the charger port cover does not snap in properly, but it can still stay closed so it's not really a problem. Overall I'd definitely recommend this!!
great phone
Great phone ordered unlocked for straight talk and got a Att phone. Had to get different Sim card. Wish it was more specific.
Bought for my spouse as a gift, my spouse loves his new phone, only one problem with connecting to our data plan, mainly uses wi-fi connection at home.
I recieved my phone a month ago and even then it wouldn't stop restarting when I left it alone. But know it shut down and won't turn on anymore. It's been off for a week now. The power button does not work.
After nearly 2 years using my Moto G with a severely cracked screen I knew that I needed a significant upgrade. The phone arrived in the original packaging and it looked brand new, no scratches, dings, or nicks. It came with about a 20% battery charge. It was a previous AT&T phone so it has alot of branded unnecessary apps and software that I'd rather not have, so I'll take off one star for that. The Uber app wasn't cleared off the phone, which I found strange. I have Straight Talk and the only thing I had to do was take out the SIM card of my old phone and put it into this one. I did have difficulty making calls and sending text within the first few hours of activating the phone.I contacted Straight Talk and they couldn't figure out why I had connection issues. I finally was able to figure it out after turning the phone on and off, and reinserting the sim card,...I had to TURN OFF "Enhanced LTE" in the mobile data settings. This was set to default when I got the phone, so just an FYI on connection issues. Overall, I'm pleased with my new phone.ProsVery new conditionIt's fairly big but not obnoxiousWaterproofTONs of featuresExcellent cameraBeautiful screenLong battery lifeConsThe charger that came with the phone died in less than a month, luckily i had another charger on handSelfie "beauty shot" camera is grainyVolume is kinda low even on highest settingTextured back looks and feels cheap and flimsyDoesn't come with manual or headphonesBlue notification light too small, hard to see in bright conditions
I love it , I'm a late starter in smart phones but I'll get it.Thank you. Robert Thrasher.
Everything good
I have always loved Samsung and ordering through Amazon. I have unfortunately received an awesome phone with a faulty memory card reader. I don't have my packaging but if there's anything you can do to assist me I would be very pleased. I took a close look before I put both the sim and memory card in and noticed that a tooth was up but I thought that it would be fine. It will read the sim but not the memory card. Thanks for any help in advance.
Working great!
Smoothly process
Happy
It came unlocked. Only thing.. it had a password when I turned on. But other than that is working great no scratches good as new I Loveee it
Great product!
Excellent phone, little/no wear (advertised). I mistakenly bought an earlier one from the same vendor that was not unlocked. They immediately offered to take it back for full refund.
Deeply impressed by the quality of this phone! Came in an original Samsung factory box with new charger, cable and headset; the only things missing were an original factory manual. Phone worked perfectly right out of the box. though I have a minor issue with the AT&T apps installed, since I use it with T-Mobile. Able to fully use with my carrier immediately with the installation of the SIMM card. I'll be checking with my local office to see about switching out those AT&T apps. I guess that I should have specified that I would be using T-Mobile; perhaps that could have been taken care of before shipping, I don't know.In any case, this the follow-up email from the company, their apparent attitude toward customer service, and the prompt delivery adds up to making me a return customer.
Love my phone.. new and works awesome
Exelent
Very good
Great phone! Thank you!
In very good condition. love it.
It is a great Smartphone, I use it with Consumer Cellular. Works as expected. I am satisfied with it.
Phone looks great and I'd working fine. Battery power could last a bit longer though.
I am always skeptical about purchasing a lot of items online. Especially electronics that states, " Used" But, I took a leap of Faith and my phone functions like "New" !!! Thanks !!!
I am very happy with my phone. I did receive the original type charger with mine which was great. I wish that it would have came with a manual, but I have been able to look up any questions online. I didn't realize that it was an AT&T phone but that has only been a small problem. Most of the towers around here are Verizon. I am using it with Tracfone, so far I haven't had any real problems. All in all, I have been happy with my new phone.
Al very good
Excellent value for money.
I love it
It is not water-resistant. accidentally walked into the pool with it , immediately dried it out. Phone will get on internet but will no longer make phone calls. :(
Great!
This phone is a replacement for a refurbished Samsung Galaxy S5 that stopped powering up after three weeks. The replacement process via Amazon (my first) was painless. The replacement phone is fine so far.
Perfect phone. Can't even tell it's referbished, works like it's brand new! Shipped on time too
The phone is great but the charger does not work good at all.
Like new phone, exceptional price!
Exactly as described! Like new. Worked great!
Five
The phone arrived in perfect condition.I am completely pleased with with the item I ordered
Phone is perfect! Looked brand brand new!
Excellent. I love it
It works very well, it was a very good decision.
Muy buena
This is the best phone ever. I was tempted to up grade to the s7 but I chose not to because this phone is the best and now it's even better cause its way cheaper.
I love it. Still learning what the apps do but so far it is beautiful.
I love to have this S5 unlock phone, Amazon's quality products, pricing and customer services.
The items arrived in original packaging and appeared to be brand new. Not a scratch, scuff, or mark of any kind. Future orders will follow. Thank you!
The phone S5 was as stated and I like it .it is just getting used to the smartphone as I have not had one before. the shipping was good and the S5 was in good shape.
The Galaxy S5 meets my needs and requirements.
Thanks yall
excelente producto
So far its been great! Works great and i had no troubles hooking it up to a pre-pay cel company. very satisfied! will update if something goes wrong though!
I am an older person Windows only to date Nice Phone Graphics Learning Curve Etc.
love it
Dear seller,I received my phone without earphone and I have serious battery problem. It losing power quickly.
Thanks
love it
Product was received in a timely fashion and without any issues. What more can I say... Thank you.
Everything ok
I like it
ok
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is very nice and I am going to order more and send to my country. And I have also encouraged my friends to go in for it.
Love the phone, looks brand new. Works great, no complaints.
Absolutely love this phone. I switched from the iphone 4s and am veryhappy. I was nervous about switching since I have been a long timeiphone user but I can say from what I have experienced so far I feelconfident I made the right choice.So far I have found a fewlittle things that have made me really enjoy the switch. The obviousscreen size and resolution on the Galaxy S5 are a huge upgrade from theiphone. The camera and video quality is also far superior on the GalaxyS5. The keyboard that appears when entering text is highly superior tothe outdated iphone version. It may sound small but it is one of myfavorite features. The keyboard has numbers across the top which savesme time from jumping from an alpha keyboard to a number keyboard, whichis extremely helpful when entering passwords etc. Also you have theability to access other characters such as commas, questions marks,dollar sign, @, and colon from the main keyboard by holding down thecorresponding letter, which is another huge time saver. The autocorrect and suggestions based on what you are typing is much better - itis easier to select suggestions, the suggestions are more relevant andalso include previous entires such as email addresses, and it is easierto decline the suggestions or auto-corrections. A few other smallthings that I really enjoyed was the ease of manipulating photos forwallpaper/background. I have trouble cropping and using an image on myiphone but was easily able to accomplish it on the Galaxy. I also foundthe alarms much easier to set, customize, and create a recurringschedule for. I haven't gotten to test everything yet and I do have toset up and get used to using Double Twist (downloaded app) to replaceitunes for my music but so far I am so happy with my switch from aniphone.Obviously people have different needs, opinions, andbiases on what they want in a phone but I am very happy with thefeatures and ease of use of the Galaxy S5 over the iphone.
The Samsung Galaxy S5 from Amazon was virtually brand new and works perfectly! The price can not be beaten!
Great phone. Easy to use. Good price
Very happy with phone. It can in good condition as promised and didn't have any problem using with Cricket Wireless service.
The phone came pretty fast I'm very happy about that and everything working OK thanks cell-sell
Phone was very good with only one complaint , volume was too low.
Looks & works like a new phone, really impressed.
EDIT: I've had some problems with the screen becoming disconnected from the rest of the phone which makes it turn off randomly at some times. I've had to take it to get it fixed, which cost about $65 and I'm disappointed because besides that it has been working fine. I'm having the same problem again now, possibly due to me dropping it (whoops) but I wish there was a way I could get it fixed for free through a warranty.--------------------The unlocked Galaxy S5 works like new! I'm able to use Tracfone with it which saves me a lot of money. So far I haven't had any problems with it, although the only small complaint that I have is that the charger port cover does not snap in properly, but it can still stay closed so it's not really a problem. Overall I'd definitely recommend this!!
great phone
Great phone ordered unlocked for straight talk and got a Att phone. Had to get different Sim card. Wish it was more specific.
Bought for my spouse as a gift, my spouse loves his new phone, only one problem with connecting to our data plan, mainly uses wi-fi connection at home.
I recieved my phone a month ago and even then it wouldn't stop restarting when I left it alone. But know it shut down and won't turn on anymore. It's been off for a week now. The power button does not work.
After nearly 2 years using my Moto G with a severely cracked screen I knew that I needed a significant upgrade. The phone arrived in the original packaging and it looked brand new, no scratches, dings, or nicks. It came with about a 20% battery charge. It was a previous AT&T phone so it has alot of branded unnecessary apps and software that I'd rather not have, so I'll take off one star for that. The Uber app wasn't cleared off the phone, which I found strange. I have Straight Talk and the only thing I had to do was take out the SIM card of my old phone and put it into this one. I did have difficulty making calls and sending text within the first few hours of activating the phone.I contacted Straight Talk and they couldn't figure out why I had connection issues. I finally was able to figure it out after turning the phone on and off, and reinserting the sim card,...I had to TURN OFF "Enhanced LTE" in the mobile data settings. This was set to default when I got the phone, so just an FYI on connection issues. Overall, I'm pleased with my new phone.ProsVery new conditionIt's fairly big but not obnoxiousWaterproofTONs of featuresExcellent cameraBeautiful screenLong battery lifeConsThe charger that came with the phone died in less than a month, luckily i had another charger on handSelfie "beauty shot" camera is grainyVolume is kinda low even on highest settingTextured back looks and feels cheap and flimsyDoesn't come with manual or headphonesBlue notification light too small, hard to see in bright conditions
Loving my reconditioned Galaxy S5
love it
Dear seller,I received my phone without earphone and I have serious battery problem. It losing power quickly.
Thanks
love it
Product was received in a timely fashion and without any issues. What more can I say... Thank you.
Everything ok
When I first ordered my phone it came from Breed/Amazon : May 2016Samsung Galaxy S5 G900A in Black - AT&T GSM Unlocked------------------------------------------My phone gave me issues with connectivity.I bought this unlocked phone to use on my AT&T network.* I had people tell me during calls that they cannot hear me, I can switch to speaker phone but sometimes even that doesn't help.* I got a circle with a bar alerting me to NO SERVICE several times a day. I have to go into airplane mode and back out to get this to go away.* I could not consistently make calls. I got a pop up on my phone telling me "Network Error. Emergency calls only".* I also had a lot of trouble sending simple text message and 90% of my MMS (pictures) would not send.I had factory reset my phone twice. I didn't have any third party apps that would cause these issues. I had taken my phone to AT&T and had them put in a brand new SIM and check my settings... Still no fix.----------------------------------------------SOLUTION: RETURNED PHONE / Same model purchased through a different Seller via Amazon7-14-16 UPDATE:Reordered new phone and it shipped via ChubbiestechSo far, so great!! The S5 G900T is a T-Mobile version but arrived quickly, in perfect condition, was easy to setup and has worked perfectly on my AT&T service!I feel I may finally be whole again.All is right in the world...
This phone is in really good condition and appears to be working great. It is unlocked and accepted my sim without a problem. On the back cover though the letters in SAMSUNG appear to have been reglued on, and the A is completely missing. Not a big enough deal for me to want to return it but if you're looking for something in pristine condition just be aware of that.
Actually the phone gets 5 stars, but it's taking some time for me to get it all figured out!
I'm very satisfied with this phone, there were no issues and it work perfect!
This product came as if it was new. No scratch's or blemishes. It came with the original box,paper work,charger, and headphones. Only con is that it took over two weeks to get here.
I love it. It is everything I was hoping for, works great, acts and looks brand new.
The phone arrived in perfect condition.I am completely pleased with with the item I ordered
Phone is perfect! Looked brand brand new!
Really great condition. This phone definitely was the best choice.
works as described
Got this for my little brother since he practically goes through a phone every one to two years. This is the same model I have and I love that you can add storage and it's water "resistant". This phone worked perfectly with our AT&T plan. He's happy and so am I.
This is a great phone, just big enough without being too big.
This company was great to replace the first one when we realized the speakers did not work. The new one works great. Happy granddaughter means happy Nonni.
I switched from metro to at&t for hopes of better reception. The phone is internally damaged causing bad reception and not being able to maintain connection to gps satellites. Phone looks nice. Back cover s was missing but I don't mind that. Hopefully not all the phones are messed up internally, but its hit or miss with a referb. I always seem to get lucky. Also the battery dies QUICK and front camera is not all that either
I love it. Still learning what the apps do but so far it is beautiful.
I love to have this S5 unlock phone, Amazon's quality products, pricing and customer services.
The items arrived in original packaging and appeared to be brand new. Not a scratch, scuff, or mark of any kind. Future orders will follow. Thank you!
The phone S5 was as stated and I like it .it is just getting used to the smartphone as I have not had one before. the shipping was good and the S5 was in good shape.
The Galaxy S5 meets my needs and requirements.
Thanks yall
excelente producto
It is not water-resistant. accidentally walked into the pool with it , immediately dried it out. Phone will get on internet but will no longer make phone calls. :(
Great!
Very nice refurbished phone. No problems signing up with Consumer Cellular.
Great product and value for money in perfect condition.
Phone seems to be brand new. excellent phone
Phone looks great and I'd working fine. Battery power could last a bit longer though.
I am always skeptical about purchasing a lot of items online. Especially electronics that states, " Used" But, I took a leap of Faith and my phone functions like "New" !!! Thanks !!!
I am very happy with my phone. I did receive the original type charger with mine which was great. I wish that it would have came with a manual, but I have been able to look up any questions online. I didn't realize that it was an AT&T phone but that has only been a small problem. Most of the towers around here are Verizon. I am using it with Tracfone, so far I haven't had any real problems. All in all, I have been happy with my new phone.
Al very good
Excellent value for money.
I love it
In very good condition. love it.
It is a great Smartphone, I use it with Consumer Cellular. Works as expected. I am satisfied with it.
So far so good, except I'm worried that the charging port will not work soon.I have treated this phone with total care and the charging goes in and out every once in a while**Update**I've used the phone for a month now and I love it! But I have been super worried about the charging port. Also, the phone restarts every once in a while by itself and there's no update or any reason for it to restart. So be careful and make sure everything works before you use it as your phone.
Excelente. Thank you
It was expected working fine since I both it.
Phone looks and works great!Arrived a day ahead of schedule.I am very happy with this product
My husband and I were very happy with these two phones. I ended up getting two of the white Galaxy S5 phones because of the great price. Phone color's not really a factor in choosing a phone anymore for us as we end up leaving it in a phone case anyway. Since we dumped Sprint for GoSmart Mobile (best decision ever), we've had our share of little "plug and play" SIM card phones; but nothing was ever really as good as our S5 phones were.After waffling a bit between GSM and unlocked, I purchased two "unlocked" phones, to be on the safe side. GSM would have been fine, I'm sure, but I'll be the first to admit that I'm new to the whole aftermarket/unlocked/refurbished phone situation. So, paranoid me wanted to make sure they were fully unlocked, so that's what I bought. They arrived around noon the next day, on Friday, via Prime. I was able to get mine set up on my lunch break (within an hour) and it was working perfectly. We've had them for a week now and have been very pleased. The batteries, which were both Samsung batteries, have been lasting well on both phones.I was really impressed with the quality that the seller provided. The phones came in the condition as promised - nothing was falling off, broken, or worn. Everything literally looked and felt new. The phones also came with a screen protector already affixed to the screen, which was a nice little touch.All in all, if we ever had to purchase replacement phones again, I'd definitely buy from this seller again. Two very happy customers, here!
Item was in perfect condition not a mark on it
Like new phone, exceptional price!
It's OK for refurbished one I still use, the battery don't last
Nice and great
This phone is for my son, and he absolutely loves it! It is way nicer than his previous phone.
So far its been great! Works great and i had no troubles hooking it up to a pre-pay cel company. very satisfied! will update if something goes wrong though!
I am an older person Windows only to date Nice Phone Graphics Learning Curve Etc.
This phone is a replacement for a refurbished Samsung Galaxy S5 that stopped powering up after three weeks. The replacement process via Amazon (my first) was painless. The replacement phone is fine so far.
Perfect phone. Can't even tell it's referbished, works like it's brand new! Shipped on time too
The phone is great but the charger does not work good at all.
great price
Exactly as described! Like new. Worked great!
Five
Everything
Arrived on time and exactly as described. Thanks.
The phone came in as the date expected, and it was like a new phone. I had to take a star off because I read the reviews and it seemed that a tmobile SIM card would be a viable option, even though it does say Verizon. The tmobile version was 60 dollars more and I was led to believe this phone was unlocked for all carriers.When you insert a tmobile SIM card, phone calls and SMS seem to work fine, but it will not load any type of data. The Internet will not work, unless you're connected to wifi.
When I first got the phone, The battery seemed like it needed to be drained and charged a couple times. This is typical for anything with Lithium cells (new or refurbished), so no big deal. It came with KitKat 4.4.? which was fine. However, the phone was not unlocked from AT&T. I use COnsumer Cellular sim with my AARP discount. CC uses AT&T towers, which should not have been a problem. I actually worked for AT&T decades ago installing cell towers and MTSO, as well as 5ESS switches and a host of digital gear in central offices. But have little experience with cell phones themselves.Since the phone had an older OS, and was not truely unlocked, AT&T kept installing updates over the course of 3 to 4 days. No warning. AT&T updates would just start coming thru. Along with the updates, was more AT&T apps, bloatware, security updates, etc. Had I known AT&T would keep doing this, I'd have set updates to off. I expected Consumer Cellular updates, but not AT&T. On the fourth day of updates, the phone rebooted, then went into "recovery" mode, as I guess the update failed. I called Samsung support, and they walked me thru things, but the tech must have been new or just was out of his element. He said I needed to create a service ticket, and Samsung should fix the phone under warranty, since it was a factory refurb.I sent the phone and backplate (no battery as requested) to Plano Texas service center. Got a phone call from Samsung stating the back cover was "not original", and the phone update "was not authorized", so they would not repair it. OK....? Really...? They were shipping it back at no charge. Is AT&T to blame, Samsung, or just bad luck? I've returned the SM-G900A to Amazon under the 30 days, and instead ordered a T-Mobile version of the same phone at no extra cost. This time, I will decline auto updates, and work the battery over without a sim card and without wifi, so any of this update mayhem does not repeat.The phone box, condition, accessories and performance was superb. It was far better than expected. Had it not been for AT&T "storming" a phone that isn't on their network, and had Samsung been able to solve the battery cover warning issue, and fix the AT&T update failure, I'd gladly give the phone a 5 star. I have a 65" Samsung TV, 12" Galaxy Tablet, and numerous Samsung appliances. I accept poor quality phone support, as it's usually farmed out to India or someplace with cheap labor. But for a service center to declare a newly refurbed product as "unrepairable" is absurd. I've heard AT&T loads a ton of bloatware and security software on their networked phones, and also rigs them so they can't be updated or modified unless AT&T does it remotely. Maybe that explains why Samsungs repair people can't even get the ROM back to default version.Be advised! If you purchase this AT&T version, immediately disable updates until you're sure you've cycled the battery a few times. And don't pay for software, load apps. or load anything on the phone until all updates are completed. AT&T did their updates, and Samsung did theirs. All this over a 4 day period. I doubt any AT&T versions are "unlocked", and I doubt any attempts to unlock (like using codes from AT&Ts unlock website) will work. The phone will probably only truly work on AT&T, and there's no way around it.So, I've wasted a month, been lied to about AT&T being able to unlock their own phones (via AT&Ts own unlock website), and paid for 2 months service that I haven't been able to use. I'm trying this phone again, because multiple friends and clients use the Galaxy 5S and love it. But I'm not reordering the AT&T version. I'm going with the T-mobile version, as I assume they won't bloat the phone with tons of junkware.We will see...
I will admit that I have not had this phone for a week yet but so far so good. I was able to activate it on straight talk no problem with 4g service. It came with the headphones and charger in white despite that my phone was black like I ordered. Came with no scratches and dings. Not bad. I hope this phone will last me a long time.
Goodyear phone
This phone actually works great... came in original bow with all accesories phone looks feels brand new and it did come unlocked.... am so happy with my first phone purchase from amazon... happy happy happy ♥♥♥♡♡ :-)
Exelent
I have a few issues with the product.Although overall the phone is fully functional, there are times where the screen literally stops working, the back and menu buttons doesn't work at times, and the entire screen becomes extremely bright and difficult to see in.Is there a way to return this and receive another one? These problems kind of diminishes the experience with the phone.
this phone working in Venezuela
Love looks just like new
Plugged our sim card in from our older S4, worked like a charm.
I love it , I'm a late starter in smart phones but I'll get it.Thank you. Robert Thrasher.
Everything good
I have always loved Samsung and ordering through Amazon. I have unfortunately received an awesome phone with a faulty memory card reader. I don't have my packaging but if there's anything you can do to assist me I would be very pleased. I took a close look before I put both the sim and memory card in and noticed that a tooth was up but I thought that it would be fine. It will read the sim but not the memory card. Thanks for any help in advance.
Working great!
Smoothly process
Happy
Good quality. I'm using this.
It came unlocked. Only thing.. it had a password when I turned on. But other than that is working great no scratches good as new I Loveee it
Great product!
Excellent phone, little/no wear (advertised). I mistakenly bought an earlier one from the same vendor that was not unlocked. They immediately offered to take it back for full refund.
Deeply impressed by the quality of this phone! Came in an original Samsung factory box with new charger, cable and headset; the only things missing were an original factory manual. Phone worked perfectly right out of the box. though I have a minor issue with the AT&T apps installed, since I use it with T-Mobile. Able to fully use with my carrier immediately with the installation of the SIMM card. I'll be checking with my local office to see about switching out those AT&T apps. I guess that I should have specified that I would be using T-Mobile; perhaps that could have been taken care of before shipping, I don't know.In any case, this the follow-up email from the company, their apparent attitude toward customer service, and the prompt delivery adds up to making me a return customer.
Love my phone.. new and works awesome
Exelent
Very good
Great phone! Thank you!
As expected. .unlocked ready to go
I love it the main problem I have is when I plug it on the wall to charger it does not charger I have to use my laptop to charger which i hate doing that if I can get a new one I will be glad. Thanks
Very good
Exactly as described & fast shipping. Only negative did not come with a manual, but the description did not say anything about a manual so I really can'take complain
Arrived on time, includes charger and headphones. I recommend to get a SD card to extend the memory.
Great! Order arrived as expected. Plug & Play
great phone. quick delivery!
Looks new to me even though it says its refurbished. Works great - was unlocked as stated.Extremely happy with this phone.
Great smartphone!
Good cell phone. Thanks for sending a charger.
Everyrhing alright
great
I had this phone for over a month,it's Perfectly working! Loved it!Only issue so far is the "SAMSUNG" sign on the back of the phone came off
So far I am very pleased. I was reluctant to purchase a cell phone from anyone other than the service provider. However, I took a chance and so far, so good. The phone looks brand new, works perfectly, and the price was great. I contacted the seller prior to making the purchase to ask a few questions, and was put at ease knowing that they stand behind their products 100%. I was assured if there were any issues, they would take care of them. Happy, happy customer!
the greatest ust AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! and so were the sellers, great, would buy from again maybe in two years a S7 who knows.fantastic and I locked myself out of it and ATT had to unlock it for me. lesson learned. love it. nice.. no problem.
It was refurbished, and worked perfectly! The only problem with it was the power cord didn't work.
Excellent, love it!
One of the best phones out there.Minus a star because ATT sucks for locking the bootloader.
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is very nice and I am going to order more and send to my country. And I have also encouraged my friends to go in for it.
Excellent. I love it
It works very well, it was a very good decision.
Muy buena
This is the best phone ever. I was tempted to up grade to the s7 but I chose not to because this phone is the best and now it's even better cause its way cheaper.
Very nice refurbished phone. No problems signing up with Consumer Cellular.
Great product and value for money in perfect condition.
Lightning fast shipping with Amazon Prime. Phone works fine, we'll see how well it lasts.
Not bad. It was a little buggy when I got it but after some updates (OK, A lot of updates) from my provider it seems to be fine. I would bouy this phone again if something happens to my current S5
I like the phone. Speaker option does not work very well. I could not sign up with Version. Has to do ATT. so beware of this.
Great features. Waterproof!!! Great charger. Long lasting battery. I have one and so does my husband.love love love!
The S5 is a great phone, but do watch out for the 16GB and the tiny sticker covering the fingerprint reader button. I gave this to my wife as a gift and had to move a lot of apps to the SD card because ATT and Samsung have managed to fill the phone with a lot of bloatware and there is little room left on a 16GB phone for apps you actually want. Some apps MUST be installed on the phone main memory and it eats up a lot of room. Luckily a 128GB microSD card is inexpensive and gives you a lot of storage. At first we thought the fingerprint reader wasn't working, but on close examination found a tiny protective sticker covering it. Peeled that off and it started working..
Lightning fast shipping with Amazon Prime. Phone works fine, we'll see how well it lasts.
Not bad. It was a little buggy when I got it but after some updates (OK, A lot of updates) from my provider it seems to be fine. I would bouy this phone again if something happens to my current S5
I like the phone. Speaker option does not work very well. I could not sign up with Version. Has to do ATT. so beware of this.
Great features. Waterproof!!! Great charger. Long lasting battery. I have one and so does my husband.love love love!
Great
excellent product, well packaged 100% recommended
excellent, I love this phone, original, got it all claire with all its accessoires
Works good.
excelente
Excellent phone!!
excellent product. excellent seller, very good attention.
Bought this for my mom. Not the easiest of people to please, but she absolutely loved it.Used it first in the US for a week with a US simcard. Then used it in India & Moscow with an indian simcard.It worked as advertised.Pls read the fineprint, where it says certain colors should be unlocked by using in the US before using it elsewhere.The phone comes preset with a non english language, I think it was the thai language, but you should be able to switch it to english.....
excellent item !!!! I'm happy !!!!
Really good
Its just as I expected
Perfect !!
excelente
Great phone! Very fast shipping! Just what I was expecting...
excelent!!!
works like a boss no problems what so ever
excelente
Excelent
Phone is awesome.. no complaints..
I love my Samsun, it's everything I ever wanted in a phone
excellent.
Very good..
EXCELENT
No issues.
Perfect!
It's a great phone!!!!
Totally satisfied!!! Best phone I've ever had
I have two problems with this delivery device: 1.. The charger came with an european style, means, I have to use my old charger from another Samsung phone. 2... the earphone device doesn't fit correctly, means, I can't use it. Who is checking the quality of this deliveries? who to claim for so tiny stupid problems?
It is a good cell phone, but i don't know it was with two chips. I suggest put in product description.
I thought inline staffs were fake b@ amazon with best mobile proved me wrong..cell works perfectly and ..gud job.
Bueno
Love my phone!!!
Excellent
excellent!!!
Great condition.... works well
The shipping was on time, the box was closed it everything was new. The charger u have buy one u u can use in US or any any country that it need 110 w. About About About that 4g lte it works in different country not in US but it is not a big deal in my case but if if really need he 4g so this is not a phone for you
Received phone today in sealed box, with no issues. I got the European model, all functionalities look good. Installed all the updates for Kitkat, have downloaded Lollipop, but I will install that later, since I hear of many issues after installing Lollipop in S5. My micro sim has not arrived yet, so waiting for it to check the network coverage. Got an European charger in the box, but they have included an adapter so it works in US too. Surprisingly S5 is compatible with my old Galaxy ace charger, so I am using that instead.Edit: Got my H2O microsim card via Amazon and was easy to transfer my existing phone number to the new sim via their customer support chat. Was able configure mobile network using the settings from their site, and I am getting HSPA+ speeds which is pretty fast. Will have to see how to get 4G LTE speeds later.
All ok.
Great 4g smart phone it works ok in Costa Rica
I'm in LOVE with this phone! It's amazing ♥ ♥ ♥ I'm so happy I got it, the screen is beautiful, the pictures are beautiful, the UI is superb, it's just an overall amazing phone (Upgraded from the S4). My one problem is that the description advertises 4G LTE capabilities and that's just not true.I bought this phone and plugged in my T-Mobile SIM card. I pay for unlimited 4G LTE coverage, but I can't use it because this phone does not have 4G LTE in the US. So, I'm not happy about that. The highest this will go in the US is H+ . I don't even know what H+ is... so, that's useless, in my eyes.I wish the listing was honest about it. Other than that the phone itself is amazing, the description is just highly misleading. So, if you're hoping for 4G LTE and you're in the US, don't buy this.
Loved it
product according to the best
It is the best cell I'b ever had! I 'miss enjoying it
Ok
Excellently shipping and good phone.
As described
excelente
great experience, everything was smooth and perfect
This phone works really well in the Caribbean on LIME (Cable and Wireless). I really love it. Exactly what I ordered came. There were no scratches or anything on the phone.
Excellent product. I had the S3 before so I was not surprised.
Excelent.
Excellent seller, excellent product. everything arrived in perfect condition and I am very happy, it's a wonder my new samsung. Greetings from Caracas, Venezuela.
excellent
I LOVE IT
verygood ,but doesn't work well at wirefire
Great deal right on time
Excellent product.
as expected
it came on the original box, works perfect, nice price.
Arrived in excelent conditions. Love my new phone!!!
100%
It is te Best cellphone in my life
very good product I give it 10 stars .
I have very poor eyesight and I was a little concerned that I wouldn't be able to use a "smartphone," but the brightness of the screen and colors make it possible for me to see what is necessary. I'm 75 yrs.old and use a PC, iPad, and 3 Kindles. I particularly wanted this type of phone for texting, and find that with a little help from my granddaughter I've been able to pick up operating this phone with tolerable ease. I did a lot of investigating before buying and I recommend buying this phone from Amazon, unlocked, and use Consumer Cellular as server.
Very good
super excelente lo recomiendo 100% todo excelente"Super excellent I it recommend 100 quite excellent %"
Excellent!
Brilliant!Came in the box. Has a nice sticker over the side that states "Do not accept if seal is broken"Inside the box is a shiny new S5 SM-900FD phone with all the plastic still in place.Under that is the SN and ID data sheet / sticker... (don't loose).Under that a quick start guide.Below that you find the Charger (Euro), cables, earbuds and a Euro to US plug adapter for the charger. But since its basically a USB adapter any USB Phone charger 'should' work fine (check the voltages though).Some people seem to have been confused by the Euro charger. Im guessing the term "International" didn't quite hit home for them.The screen is untouched, the back is untouched and apart from the addition of the US adapter its a perfectly fine almost straight from the factory box.Just make sure you check the UPC on the box "Before" you break the seal.My only quibble is the packaging.. No kind of bubble wrap or shock material at all. The package was snug around the box so it didn't "bounce around" in the box. But there was little in the way of shock absorbing materials. UPS delivered the package un molested though.
That's ok with the product and delivery
The product is really good. Until now, I had no problems with it.
ok
Good phone
Phone has worked perfect, looks great. No worries that it came from overseas. We use with T-Mobile and have had no problems. Would highly recommend for a great deal on a S5
the best cellphone ever!!!!!!! i totally love it
Perfect but it came with dual sim card which is not bad for me
Best, beat I phone, 16MP Camera!!
Excelente
i really like the phone it is great but it is not water resistant because i drop mine in water for less than 5 min and the water went in through the headphone port and it cost me almost 500 to repaired it i leave my phone at repaire shop so they can use it if they need the part and i ordered anther one.
Until now this mobile is incredible, before I bought the same mobile from another seller and I got a big problem. But now from this seller the mobile I liked it more because I chose white colour. I liked everything. The only thing is the charger that comes for europe and asia input, but also comes with an adaptor of 120voltage. I really liked more that way because I travel to Europe frequently, so for me the charger is ok. The mobile samsumg is awesome, the camera is HD and it is 4G LTE.Regards,
Very good
Excelente
excellente products
Exactly as described. Delivered on time .. no issues or problems. Using Metro PCS and everything is functional. Very satisfied.
S5 is simply the one and only way to go international. The ultra power saving mode with allows one to go for up to 12 days without recharging.
Excellent for Venezuela
Love it!
Awesome. As described.
Excelente!
excelente
Came with european charger and american adaptor. Very nice surprise.
Just great all round phone. It's for the wife n she loves it so it great.
Good product, but have no support from Samsung due to it's a supported item (perhaps due to it's unlocked).If you buy it from another country (out of US), keep it in consideration due to you'll have to return it to the seller to get support or replacement.
excellent
it seems to work alright. . . . planning to take it for a trip to another country .. . cannot wait to see how well works like it does here in USA.
Excellent phone and excellent seller. Everything as promised and advertised, phone works perfect with 4G LTE and WiFi together at the same time giving you better downloads. Best phone to use all around the world. I already used it in 3 continents with same excellent performance I get with T Mobile in the US.
The phone was original the screen was original everything was perfect and it came in a sealed box. There is fingerprint scanner and heartbeat monitor and i check carefully and closely for the signs of a fake phone. This phone was original and in perfect condition. The only problem i noticed was i couldn’t make the mobile data work, although this isn’t really an issue for me at the moment because i don’t like using up my data. If you need mobile data it might be an issue. but otherwise the phone was in pristine condition.
Thanks
the power cord is not truly designed for international users; need to buy separate adapters from stores who sell them!
Ordered G900F (European version) but come with G900I (Asian version) instead. Some app not compatible with ATT (my carrier), eg. ISIS wallet.
I have used it for a month. it turned out to be a real revolution! This is the first time I use Samsung smartphone and I feel it is a wise choice.
excelente
Love that phone!! So much better than the iPhone!!
Excellent equipment, very good, very nice
Everything okay thank you
Got both the phone and case . Both excellent. Phone was with French language but simply changed it. Works perfectly and a great phone.
I received the package that includes At&t samsung galaxy S5 G900A with all accessories and not S5 G900F. But the phone is unlocked and was in good condition. I can use other US sim cards. I just used nearly 2 weeks and currently no issues. I like this phone. However end of this month i am going out of USA. Then i can check if it is working international sim cards.
very good
love it <3 <3 <3
entregado a tiempo aun lo estoy conociendo muy bueno
i love this phone.... the delivery was on point and it came sealed with usb cable , headphones, and user guide... the phone is wonderful, the screen is so bright and clear... it works well on Digicel network in the caribben (jamaica, Antigua) although it says H+ instead of 4G whereas my Galaxy s3 says 4G so idk whats up for that , but the phone runs fast like 4G speeds and the heart rate monitor works well along with the finger print lock .... i have an issue tho with the smart remote where it always force close when i try to use it to change a channel or turn the volume up on my TV (please help cuz i really like this app) but otherwise from those little glitches i am a happy customer
Great.
This is a very good phone for the price. Not too big and not too small, it can easily fit in your pockets. Just be aware that with some US carriers like MetroPCS you are only going to get 3G and not 4G.
👌
Perfect!
Works perfect in venezuela with Digitel
so so not so good
Cool phone...
Great phone...thank you amazon for the best products...I love this site
Excelente 100 % recomendado estos sellers
Perfect
Excellent!!!
excellent. works great and battery amazing. can last me up to 3 days without charging
I love it , Thanks.
Excellent all arrived on time and works well
excelente
Great phone I brought it as a gift for my Friend and he love everything about it..
I am giving this phone 4 stars simply because of it came with an adapter for the power cord that did not work... had to purchase another one from the hardware store! The seller needs to state this! Other than that the phone works great!
the only problem is that the cell does not bring Spanish language, the rest excelente¡¡
It's working very good.
It makes noise sometimes and I do not know why!
excellent
perfect
I think that I-Phone 5 camara is better
Bought it for my friend. He likes it.
Came earlier than I expected! Great device.
the best
This was a gift since I really like this model.
Excelent
Good job thank you so much
Delievery is a little bit slow..
Just AMAZING!!!
Muy bueno
Amazing phone, very good battery life and incredible performance. Coming from an iphone 5, there are so many more features available!
Entregou tudo corretamente como anunciado. Muito bom celular.
Works well
Phone is perfect in excellent working condition and works exceptional on the Barbados network. I an truly satisfied with this purchase.
Put in Kazakhstan SIM turned on works just like my US phone of same model. Very happy.
It's very awesome and hasn't had any problem with it. It met my expectation
Ok
Everything is perfect 4G LTE is working perfectly by AT&T, all description is right. Some people had a problem with phones, before buying please check the model, for example international unlocked cellphone for Samsung galaxy S5 is G900F. Also after buying you can check the IMEI by dialing *#06# and check the number with number in the back side of the phone under the battery. For my case every thing was correct. Finally for this phone this price is very reasonable, very fast and enough smart.
ok
Exactly as advertised. No unpleasant surprises here. Worked great out of the box.
I bought this phone with the intention of it being a multi use device. Aside from the obvious - it being a smart phone - I wanted to have a place to store my music, and my ebooks. With a 128g additional storage capacity, I think I've got what I was after with this phone.The phone is big and an upgrade from the S3 mini I had been using. Reading books on this is not as monotonous as I would have thought. The screen size for reading (in my opinion) is just on the ample side and not too small. The phone fits in my cargo pocket at work, without beating my leg up when I walk.I am not the kind of consumer that needs to have the latest and greatest gadget. I can usually make due with something comparable and a couple generations old. I spent a little more on the S5 than I normally would on any phone, but could justify it knowing it would be basically a 3 in 1 device.I read reviews and watched a ton of videos on youtube about this phones capabilities. I won't get into those here because they are stil there (online) and free to all. I may never fully unlock the potential of this phone to warrant putting any of my own videos online, but for my needs - it's good.Some people are hard on their devices and turn around and blame the manufacturers for any 'shortcomings'. One small detail needs to be pointed out: the charging cover on this phone is flimsy and would be REAL easy to get broken off. Two things - 1: WHENEVER you unplug the charger, the phone prompts you to CLOSE THE COVER as a courtesy reminder. 2: A simple conscious effort on the part of the owner can also alleviate this from happening. If you break the cover off - it's most likely all on you.I hope this phone will last me some time and am looking forward to learning more as I go...
Great cellphone!
I was afraid they may send me a used phone, but the tag says NEW and it's still not activated yet, so I believe it's indeed new. When I first plug it into the charger, it said the battery is 65% already (so the battery is not fully empty?!). I got the product for Romanian market...so none of the manuals is printed in English, but I think I can always google when I need to know something about the phone. But as other reviews say, it may not have warranty in US. I had the phone for about a week and so far it works well. Love it!I think I need to edit my review...coz last nite the camera didn't work, and I remember it happens once or twice before. The screen went into black and after few seconds it says 'Camera failed'. I restarted it and it went back to normal. But still love the phone!
love it
Great
Still learning, but so far love it! Works with Straight Talk Bring your own (mine uses AT&T wireless service). Just beware with Straight talk, when you switch to a new phone your voicemail messages will all disappear. They do not warn you of that. Major issue with poor customer service response. But loving the phone!!!!
Nice Phone in Android... i love to use it...
Excelente
The phone arrived on time, in the original packaging, everything works perfect, it works al right in argentina with moviestar
Excellent
came in original sealed factory box. I use Net 10 and it was easy to activate with a bring your own phone Sim card.
Very happy that I can change the battery at any time. I have spare batteries and I just change them when needed. I travel a lot so it is very convenient.
Excelent. Thnks
incredible phone!
Expectation fully met. Brilliant.
Excelente
Great phone! In fact best phone i ever had for now. With the Otterbox defender case that I bought, it will stay just like new for years. Great battery, light, alot of features. Also as I leave in Haiti, this model particulary works on both Digicel and Natcom (4g on Digicel and 3g on Natcom)
Bought it to use in Iceland. Works 100% and LTE works as well. Great product, thank you.
I love my new phone!
Excelente
Excellent phone and excellent seller. Everything as promised and advertised, phone works perfect with 4G LTE and WiFi together at the same time giving you better downloads. Best phone to use all around the world. I already used it in 3 continents with same excellent performance I get with T Mobile in the US.
Perfect!!!!!!!!!
Genial! nice
I love it!!
fine
all right
Perfect
!!Buyer beware!! got screwed over with an import bill of €100!Phone is perfect and came quickly.
I really like this phone, I think its even better than alot of the newer models because it has removable SD card option and this phone is quad core also.Only thing for me was that, as an international phone, I got a european power adapter that doesnt fit into my wall outlet.Everything else good
Excellent product.
Perfect
The wife love's it ,
This phone is excellent
Excellent
very good product
good
excellent !!
Excelente
Best
Seems to be quite good. Had an iPhone 5C and this phone for the price I paid was a great upgrade in my opinion.
This is my favorite phone I have ever had. I was a devout iphone owner for almost 7 years before giving android another try and I'm glad I did. I use my phone for everything, watching tv, youtube, music, internet etc. I like having the bigger screen to watch shows and videos on, and its useful when taking pictures as well. The photo quality is great, and I love having the option to open the camera from the lock screen. I also really appreciate the little ways you can personalize the phone. I will definitely be sticking with this phone for a while!!
So far I am not having any problems. Sometimes it tells me that my contacts aren't registered. I am not getting 4G signal but I'm receiving H+ I didn't even know what that was. But other than that great phone.
I am giving this phone 4 stars simply because of it came with an adapter for the power cord that did not work... had to purchase another one from the hardware store! The seller needs to state this! Other than that the phone works great!
Perfect!
It's a great phone!!!!
Totally satisfied!!! Best phone I've ever had
It is a good cell phone, but i don't know it was with two chips. I suggest put in product description.
I thought inline staffs were fake b@ amazon with best mobile proved me wrong..cell works perfectly and ..gud job.
Bueno
Phone has worked perfect, looks great. No worries that it came from overseas. We use with T-Mobile and have had no problems. Would highly recommend for a great deal on a S5
the best cellphone ever!!!!!!! i totally love it
Perfect but it came with dual sim card which is not bad for me
Best, beat I phone, 16MP Camera!!
Excelente
i really like the phone it is great but it is not water resistant because i drop mine in water for less than 5 min and the water went in through the headphone port and it cost me almost 500 to repaired it i leave my phone at repaire shop so they can use it if they need the part and i ordered anther one.
Until now this mobile is incredible, before I bought the same mobile from another seller and I got a big problem. But now from this seller the mobile I liked it more because I chose white colour. I liked everything. The only thing is the charger that comes for europe and asia input, but also comes with an adaptor of 120voltage. I really liked more that way because I travel to Europe frequently, so for me the charger is ok. The mobile samsumg is awesome, the camera is HD and it is 4G LTE.Regards,
Very good
as expected
it came on the original box, works perfect, nice price.
Arrived in excelent conditions. Love my new phone!!!
100%
It is te Best cellphone in my life
very good product I give it 10 stars .
Excellent seller I am satisfied with the purchase , it is what I expected
Excelent product. Delivered on time. I didn't had any problem with the seller.
After reading reviews on this item I was a bit scared especially when one review stated you will not get the right model phone but I am proud to say I received the correct product. Three cheers to the supplier. Love the Quick service. What an awesome phone LOVE it very fast when surfing the net.
Perfect
Love this phone. I won't switch to Galaxy S6, as long as I have this phone.
Works great!! My husband liked it!!
Amazing and easy to carry.
Bought it for my friend. He likes it.
Came earlier than I expected! Great device.
the best
This was a gift since I really like this model.
Excelent
All perfect. thanks
Thanks.
The charger were not the original one you get from the company. It is much inferior quality.
The phone has been working wonderfully! No problem whatsoever aside that it wasn't factory unlocked as claimed on the web. I was offered a discount by amazon to unlock the phone,after my complain, and that solved the problem.
good phone
Great Product! I was afraid at first because the country I live (Mexico) But it works perfect! although it does not work on 4g :( Phone Works Perfectly! It was in original retail package and everything was new! Loved it!!
Excelente!!
brand new , with original box and it was sealed .loved the phone
Excellent phone, everything OK, package arrived before expected, working well in Venezuela
Very good , would recommend.
Excellent Product, recomended 100%
Works perfect, great product (already have it since JAN 2015 (more than 1 year and counting)). The only issue is that for some reason it doesn't let me connect to 4G in Argentina only H+ which is faster than 3G but slower than 4G.
Good performance so far. Plug cover broke off after a few days
I am completely satisfied with the product.
Perfect
Excelent
bien
Excellent
See my rating
using with straight talk in the US and it works great
GOOD!
Great Buy!
Item delivered promptly and as described. Phone is a European version but works seamless with US mobile carriers.
My unlocked Samsung phone was just what I wanted I had no problem to transfer my information, my phone is working good so far no problem and yes I would recommend it some who needs a reliable phone.
Very good
so far so good.
So far so good but I haven't had it very long.
excelente
Excellent product, the only thing that I founded is the firmware version is from taiwan, I have to change it for another
It Works for personal and movista real y Good.!!!
I am really satisfied with all the aspects of this phone.
Everything OK
God
Really good product
Good product. ..perfect working condition and great colour as well
Good and fast.It did not work berry good with T mobile,but is working perfect with AT&T I love it.
Very nice phones
Excelente
Phone was shipped fast and works exactly as advertised
The phone was beautiful, I love it. It works with T-mobile carrier which I use prepaid card, but the charger was for the international. However,seller already attached the charger connection that lets you can use it in US. Thus, it's working alright. For that price ($529.99), I think it's a great deal.
tested it with antutu, this is the one I want.
This is a wonderful product. I had to return it because I purchased the wrong phone.
Excelent Product...
Perfect !
Te cellphone works great
My teenager did his research and bought this phone himself. He is delighted with it. I would not have spent so much money. but it was important to him to buy and unlocked phone (no contract). My much cheaper phone does a lot of what his does. However, the camera on this phone is superior, along with the exercise ap/GPS. It gives him distance he's biked, calories burned, and shows the exact path he took on the mountain bike trail. amazing technology.
Works in Argentina!!!
Excellent purchase. Very good items.
Excelent produtc
Love the phone, came In perfect condition. Thank you!
Excellent product. Only problem I had was that the charging port has two slots but the charger does not, it's regular usb charger. But it charges the phone fine, so not an issue.
works great. havent had any problems so far. Great Phone, I love it
This is my 1st android phone, I love the performance specially speed while I am browsing in web. Facebook app is faster. But battery is real crappy, I am not sure whether this is problem with my phone or this is a general problem with the phone.
The phone is performing as expected and I love it
Works flawlessly in every country i have visited.
just wow!!!!!it's a very nice and i'm so proud of it. The phone is so fast and battery life is excellent.
excellent product. blends perfectly with other operators.
This phone is great, I bought an iPhone 6 as well and now I'm hooked on the Samsung S5 not knowing if I wanna use the iPhone again!!!!!
Excellent device. Always the best in market
Exelente
Excellent Product, recomended 100%
Works perfect, great product (already have it since JAN 2015 (more than 1 year and counting)). The only issue is that for some reason it doesn't let me connect to 4G in Argentina only H+ which is faster than 3G but slower than 4G.
Good performance so far. Plug cover broke off after a few days
I am completely satisfied with the product.
Perfect
Excelent
bien
Excellent
perfect phone
Amazing phone; worked great
i love it thanks
excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase
My sis had no problems upon now and can say that it seems to be like a good product.
perfect phone
Amazing phone; worked great
i love it thanks
excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase
My sis had no problems upon now and can say that it seems to be like a good product.
Really good
Bought it a week ago. Awesome phone. Works perfectly with T mobile LTE network here in Michigan. Love the phone. The camera is just awesome. Produces professional DSLR like pics.
Popular product, as advertised, worked without problems on U.S. Walmart T-Mobile family plan.
The product and the service exceeded expectations.
excelente!!
I'm really enjoying my new phone. it's a lot of things I still have to learn about it, but I'm sure it will be a interesting event.
Excelent!
great phone. very snappy.very customizable.
What I don't like is that it says AT&T.
Satisfied User
This phone came with some scratches but it was expected and honestly it kept saying that The sim card was not from verizon but Heck that doesn't matter cuz it accepted the sim card anyway, I just had to add/change some things in the settings area (APN) so the service provider of the sim cards would actually work.
I just love this phone works very good
Actual amazing quality. But I did get a Verizon phone. Was hoping for a T-Mobile one. Still works! :)
yes.
Just got my Galaxy s5 in the mail today and so far it is working like my previous s5. My only problem!!: it did not come with the authentic galaxy s5 charger!! Thats a scam. I expected the original charger which is needed to charge the phone. I don't think the phone would be designed as it were if it the correct charger was not to be used. If the seller doesn't want to replace my charger or give me the correct one entirely, I'll be forced to go out and purchase a s5 charger. Somewhat disappointed.
Good phone just as expected brand new and original but still waiting for the 4G LTE to operate in Ecuador. So far great looking device
Works with 4G and LTE on AT&T in the U.S. and comes without all the U.S. bloatware.
Got this for a relative and they love it.
This phone is better then I imagined it could be. High quality and great price. Highly recommend this product.
Everything was good. On time .was #1
Love it
Its simply perfect
Everything es requested and expected
Great and very responsable
Great phone. Thee is something extrange with the camera, but i guess is something related to the settings. I'll figurate it out.
Works for Metro in Dallas. Love it!
very good
There are a few things I don't love in the transition from the S3 to the S5. But there's no question it's a better phone. Everything was legitimate though if your just nervous about buying outside of a carrier as I was. I slipped in my t-mobile Sim card and everything worked. I do not however get 4glte. But to be honest I'm mostly on WiFi and have not noticed a real drop in quality on plain old 4G. I had it a month now. Battery life is so much better than my old phone ever was.
Received before promised date! Great!
Like like my new 5
Love it.
Everything perfect! It works in Argentina with 4G!
very good cell
exselente
Good purchase.
Perfect, just as described. Thoroughly satisfied.
This phone is a BIG step up for me!! I absolutely love this phone!!
Perfect!
item received as expected. Great.
really cool cell
I like this phone because it worked very well with T-Mobile 4g network and it does everything I want my smartphone to do. Only drawn back is the battery needs charging everyday.
I was a bit intimidated when I first received it. Seemed like a long learning curve. Interface is powerful but clunky. Simple things are non-intuitive, like silencing the phone, flashlight, alarms, settings, answering calls (press and swipe finger rather than press). Once you learn the tricks to use the features though, it's all good. As far as the hardware goes, it's mostly good. Display is beautiful even in bright light. Camera takes excellent quality pictures but a bit hard to keep steady and shoot which is typical of cell phone cameras. Battery life is great. The finger print reader sucks. I more often than not enter the password instead. The touch sensitivity options are limited. I use the sensitive mode since the other mode seems unresponsive to me. Too much random touches makes unintended applications run. Anyway, once you get used to it, it's all good. Check out Ting phone service for use with GSM phones - good deal and good service.
Great
This is the greatest phone ever. Works perfectlyfine on my cricket plan I even get 4GLTE and I live in Texas
This phone has worked out great . I highly recommend it .You will not be locked into a contract or carrier with this phone.It will also work in North and South America and with the change of a sim card you are good to go in Europe
As described totally recommend the seller!! A+
It was a very good phone, works perfectly for me.
Product as described and quick delivery.
Great delivery time. Phone reached every expectation.
I normally do not write reviews, but I had to take time and give this product 5 stars. The phone is in excellent shape and it came with the Samsung charger and headphones.I took the phone to my Sprint store and they provided me with an SD card and the phone is working perfectly.
Favorable
Works perfectly well. Gave it 4 stars because my son had to go to Sprint to get a SIM card in order to be able to access cell data - could only access the Internet when on WI-FI.
fast ship, clean ESN, as promised.
Product as described and quick delivery.
Great delivery time. Phone reached every expectation.
Love the phone, nice price and great service.
Perfect condition. Still using it 5 months later. It was basically brand new.
The phone is working great
Excellent product but I had to return it
Exactly as promised.
A perfect phone no scratches or anything just looks line a brand new phone
Wife loves it. Came from iPhone 4.
Absolutely happy with my phone and it was brand new in the box not reconditioned just like the seller said. I will definitely buy again front this seller.
Just the best phone ever... period the end. It lives up to the hype. All kinks worked out either by Samsung or verizon. The 5.0 update has been fixed because Verizon waits to release them after they see how it works on other providers and doesn't update until after they are fixed.The many features have been seamless so far. The battery life is very good but it almost doesn't matter because a twenty minute charge gets you up to 60 to 70 % charge that lasts the rest of any day. A ten minute charge can get you back to 30% from 10%. The 30% charge lasts for hours.TheRe are features I didn't think I would use like hover to enlarge pictures. I use it all the time.Turning on "OK Google" to respond without touching a button let's you make calls search the internet and more without picking up the phone... and so on.I think it's better than the s6 because it has a replaceable battery (although after market batteries don't charge as fast as the Samsung battery ) and you can add 128gb of SD card memory!The video camera and still camera have been well documented. But the panorama, dual camera mode, low light settings, and much more are amazing. There isn't a need for other apps to do the different things like HDR and fast burst. The slow mo is great and the ability to take still pictures while recording video without stopping is actually kind of brilliant. There is much more but I'll stop here. I completely see why people who have this s5 aren't upgrading. Too good is hard to improve on.
Exactly what I was expecting and great customer service!
Fast! Just as described.
one of the best phones out there. the phone was shipped with all the accessories.
Exact one that was pictured and worked great with no problems. Fast delivery also even though I just got the regular delivery.
Phone was in perfect mint condition, not a scratch or flaw anywhere. Phone is works perfectly, took it to Verizon and had a sim installed with no problems. Definitely will do business with Celluar Professor again!
I've had this for a month or so now and works well. Im sure there is a way to update the android version but for now it is locked at 5.0. My previous s5 was updated to the top version though this is less twitchy than the newer one.
Love this phone. It's just like the xbox360. Not the newest nor the oldest device but, the best S series created
love my Samsung Galaxy S5 it's works well and very fast
I love this phone. I am so happy I purchased this phone. I use trac phone and it works great with it!
This phone is great. No problems what so ever.
Perfect phone!! Perfect just everything perfect love this phone.
Loving my new phone. Arrived quickly. No problems.
Excellent phone & features. Still getting used to all of it's functions.
A stellar phone compared to many out there on the market. It is slightly bigger than the S4, but not much difference. It is incredibly fast, very light and has removable battery and storage (for music, movies, etc.); I had a 64gb Samsung micro SD card installed with plenty of movies.The battery is great depending on what your doing and how your settings are on the phone. It can last anywhere between a whole day to two days; again, this all depends on your usage and settings. If you want, you can always buy an additional battery and just switch it out; that's one of the biggest pro's of having this phone. It also charges extremely fast with the new charging cable.The screen is amazing and crystal clear; by default comes saturated with bright colors that pop out at you; very nice. I have an iPhone 6 and you can tell the difference between the screens. If the color is too saturated for you, there are settings under the display menu that can tone it down a little or even change it to the natural color tone. The speaker is pretty good, doesn't get too loud, but its probably cause it sits on the back of the phone :(. Calls are clear and never had a problem from both ends. I would say the phone is more water resistant than waterproof. There is confusion with many consumers complaining that their phones broke cause they went swimming with it; I wouldn't recommend that. However, I've seen a friend of mine run it down the kitchen sink and drop it into the toilet on accident and nothing happened to it. So I guess it varies from person to person. Other than that, if your looking for a phone that will do almost everything with no restrictions, then this is it.
Perfect! I got it earlier than the estimate delivery date and it is soooo good I love it!! Thank you! :) oh and if the Internet or the data doesn't work all you have to do is call you company your on and tell them you need to connect your data to your new unlocked phone and BAM it's all fixed!
Good seller,would absolutely recommend to others.
It came on time and looks brand new, no dent or scratches and screen is clean. it came in looks like original box but accessories are after market one and work fine. I had the hard time to make work on Tracfone even so Verizon said Tracfone should be able to activate the phone but they didn't want to talk to them. Finally I use a sim card from Trackfon which was GSM from ATT and activate phone myself, so far every thing works on the phone except battery die because the android lollipop . It uses ATT tower and it works great so far. the phone did not work in middle east , I think because it is made for American use. when we put sim card the phone would shut down but we use it for WIFI and internet only without sim card.
Excellent phone. In brand new condition..Works beautifully...No complaints what so ever...A great experience all around...Also received it super fast...I highly recommend this phone and this seller.
We love the samsung s5!!!! It was an amazing deal and shipping was fast and easy!!! We always use amazon for our online shopping!! It was awesome to receive phone call personally to check on our recent purchase!!
It works with AT&T also. go to settings ->More networks-> change to GSM\LTE Network.
Phone looks new
I bought this phone for my friend and he love it no problem activating it on other network beside being from Verizon
For a refurbished phone,you couldn't tell.I was really impressed overall about theSpeed it got to me too.
I own one already and it's just right for me. this one is for my 15 yr old for Christmas.
Have had this phone for quite some time and purchased it because it could be used with the Straight Talk service. Received it quickly with easy to use set up and instructions.
Great phone. May be a little behind as far as generations go, but it still functions above average. The battery leaves more to be desired, but all the useful features really balance out the negatives.
I just love it! And the price was GREAT TOO!
leary of Samsung galaxy at this time
Had one before. Replacement phone
When I have speaker on, people cannot hear me at all.
Grandson is so excited to have a new phone.
This product was exactly as I expected and at a great price. The only thing I had to was insert my card and set the phone up!
Great product. Great Buy!
I moved from an iPhone 4S because a small portion of the touch screen became unresponsive and I wanted more real estate to view things. With a 128GB Micro SD card I now have plenty of storage and a beautiful screen to look at, all options not available with iPhones.. I'm not into the phablets that seem to be the rage now, so this phone is a very good size. My battery life was abysmal until I got Battery Doctor installed and found that one of my apps was causing a huge drain. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and now I have no trouble getting thru a day without recharging. This is the exact situation that I had with my iPhone. I am not a heavy user, so others may get different fuel mileage. The replacement batteries with a wall charger are not expensive on Amazon, so I purchased them for trips when recharging options are sometimes limited. I am now learning the uses of a Droid and am sure that I will be very happy with the phone, especially if I can find out how to get rid of all the Verizon apps that I don't use or want;
This product is a great product.
buenas condiciones
Yes got it. Thank u
LOVE THIS PHONE! This is my first smartphone ever and I always knew I would get a Samsung when I finally decided to join the 21st century.....I had purchased one just like this from a third party on Amazon and it was totally defective.... so when I got this one....brand new out of the box, I was ecstatic!
Great phoneTKs
I love my Samsung Galaxy! With all the worry about the new ones exploding or catching on fire, why not go with an older model? I love mine. This one is a replacement for my older one that I dropped and broke. It works smoothly and I am pleased with my purchase.
Very nice phone and a great deal. All you need is a Verizon carrier and no contract!
great phone at a great price
Nice, too good for a very cheap price, there are some little problem though but over all, I love it!
Great phone. love it.
Completely satisfied!!
I really love this phone. Bought it used. No damage and it works as though it is new.
Slow at times but overall a great purchase and we'll worth the money spent.
It has worked well for me and is a good cheaper alternative
This phone really did as advertised. I wanted to buy a phone that could be carrier independent since I do a lot of travelling, and shortly after I bought this I got to take it with me to Mexico. Once I landed, I stopped at the local Telcel and put in one of their SIM cards (need to understand the local language of course) and it booted right up! There were a few oddities with using the phone there, but that was due to the provider, not the phone itself.All in all this is one sweet phone. I love most everything about it, from the ability to upgrade the memory size, to being able to change the battery (take THAT apple!). I have since sold my buddies and girlfriend into getting one as well. So won't you join android and get with the REAL cell phone company?
Psxpro was wonderful. My phone came earlier than expected and in even better condition than expected! They were so nice and fast. Would definitely buy from again
The phone is great, but the price drop quickly.
This phone is exactly what I wanted. Arrived on time, perfect.
I'm loving this phone, enough said.
This phone is awesome. Woke right up witn an existing activated Verizon sim card.
Nice phone. Works well.
I bought the Samsung Galaxy S5 from BlutekUSA. After reading many reviews on Amazon warning of people selling old phones or phones that were useless due to being locked, I originally bought the same model (supposedly new) from a seller on eBay that had good reviews. However, the phone I got was not only used, but also locked and useless. I was therefore extra-careful when I went back to Amazon. After reading a really good review about BlutekUSA, I decided to try to buy a phone from them. The phone I got seems new as far as I can tell, and works very well. Even though it had the verizon logo in the back, it works well with Cricket (my carrier).
I love this phone, We have 3 of them. We love the water proofing quality since we live in Arizona and are always out at the pool. WE DONT swim with it. But it protects it against and occasional splash, etc. The phone is plenty for what I need, I love the android system and the open aspect of it. I might go to 7 but only after they fix the issues with that phone.
We purchased this Samsung Galaxy S5 with great results. It arrived early and just as described! Will definitely purchase from this seller again.Samsung Galaxy S5 G900V Verizon 4G LTE Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Black
Going from a galaxy 4 to 5 there is a lot of changes to the phone that won't transfer over I didn't know that so I lost a lot of data. Make sure you back up your 4 well before switching them I was unable to keep my Sim card from my 4 so I could do a transfer from one phone to another phone transfer. So if your buying a 5 make you backup or transfer your data to new phone before shutting it down. The galaxy 5 is a great phone takes great pictures. Long battery life longer than any phone ever had. Buy a outer cover for it one without glass face cover because will break easy without it but there cheap and strong. Love my phone.
This phone was a replacement for my husband's Galaxy S4 when the charging port broke. With prime, we got it next day and simply switched out the sim card with no major problems. I will give a small piece of advice for anyone who purchases this unlocked device to use with Straight Talk since this wasn't the first time I have used a non straight talk phone with the carrier. In order to get the phone to work completely (our internet wouldn't work outside of wifi at first), I had to change the settings a bit. You are looking to change the APN (Access Point Names) in settings->mobile networks section. If you have a straight talk phone already, you should be able to change the settings to match your old phone. If you are not tech savvy, look for a tutorial on youtube for guidance. Also, when we switched the sim car with all his contacts, it wouldn't call out to certain numbers. I played around with it a bit and figured out that it was because he didn't have a 1 in front of the numbers, Once he added that to all his contacts, the phone was fully operational.I would say this phone has some good upgrades from the S4 and some things that should have stayed the same, but those could just be preferences of my husband who isn't a fan of change or learning something new and a bit more complicated. For anyone who understands a little about mobile networks and unlocked phones, this is a great deal.
This was exactly what the description stated. I love this phone it works for everything I wanted and more. The only thing I found to be negative is the packaging states it contained a Sim card, but there was not one in the box. I just used my Verizon Sim card from my old phone and had it up and running in a few minutes.
It's ok
I love this phone! It works awesome! It was easy to register with straight talk from the instructions that were given. All I had to do was get astraight talk Verizon SIM card. I would buy this phone again!
Love the S5. I bought an unlocked 'Verizon' phone that did not work at first on my ATT plan; but ATT chat help gave me the correct data to put in the VPN settings and got that working. Then, I could not get Google Playstore (and thus, no apps) and Best Buy Geek Squad (they are awesome!) trouble shot with me and we finally updated the Android jellybean operating system and I got it! Now the phone works great. Takes excellent pictures too. I had the S3 and loved the size as it fit in side pockets and my clutch I carry -- S5 is a wee bit bigger, but it still works.
Excellent product and service
Got it really quick! Ugh wish I would have known about the Sims card!!! But I honestly love it!! It's almost in perfect conditions accept 2 small dents in the back of the phone.
I knew it was a large phone before I bought it, but I wanted a large display for internet acess. It is on the border of being too large for a phone after you put a good case on it but everything else that is great.
Great phone, great condition
Great phone absolutely love it ! I'm using straight talk & upgraded from my Verizon Galaxy s3 to this s5 & the transition was unbelievably smooth. I just removed my Sim & SD cards from my old phone & put them in my new one & never missed a beat. Would highly recommend !
For one I had to switch from my carrier which was at&the to Verizon than they say it's not the original charger for the phone and it was late getting here .. but besides the odds I do like it
Great phone works well and is better than expected but it just doesn't get 4G LTE network with T-Mobile everything else is great
The phone came functioning properly, in excellent condition and the expected time. I recommend it!
Nice
Phone works perfectly thus far, no issues at all.
great phone at a great price. was new in box unlike some others claiming to be new but are refurbished. buy from cell-sell and you wont be disappointed.
So far, this has been a purchase I have not regretted at all. High quality product.
It's a great phone;works great
The first phone I received was damaged and I don't believe it was brand new. The second one amazon sent was perfect ! I could tell from the set up and all the protective coverings that it WAS brand new !! It was an easy exchange and I'm very happy with the phone !!
As expected.
Phone work great.just the right size all features are wonderful love it
Good price for a great little phone.
I am loving it
Excellent would buy this again
Love it
I love this phone. I bought it to go on Verizon prepaid. If you are doing that, make sure you take it to an actual verizon store NOT an authorized dealer. But it's fast,great battery life and charges quickly. I bought it used on here and made sure it was prime eligible so if I didn't like it or it was broken I could return it free of charge.
Because it functions just as good as my 1st G5 and cosmetically looked like new.
This phone is the best Android based phone I have had. It is very fast and has solid response. I bought it for my Straight Talk account. Switching phones was incredibly easy. All I had to do was swap out my SIM card form my previous Samsung phone and everything was automatic after that. The biggest drawback though is with all of the Verizon Proprietary Software on it, at 16 GB, Verizon doesn't leave much storage space for many additional personal programs. I do have a 64 GB micro SD in it, but many programs won't run on the SD card.
I purchased 2 of these, one worked perfectly and the other was defective, I sent the other one back for a refund, I love this phone very easy to navigate through all the functions. The camera has a lot of features and takes good pictures. I would recommend this phone and seller!
Magaria
I really enjoy this cell phone. I have had really good experiences with android phones by samsung. I love all of the different things I can do on it, and coming from an iPhone I was worried I wouldn't have as many options as I had in the apple store but I have everything I need and it was very easy to transition. Love this phone...easy to text, call, google. It's big enough and has a good camera.
Its great item but im triying to configure it but i cant access my data service i make calls but no data. Help
Great phone, still using it even though it isn't the newest model. Love the waterproof aspect. I'm able to mount it to my motorcycle, even in the rain
It's was boy a bad phone at all I just like gold and they didn't have the right charger
It's a great phone;works great
The first phone I received was damaged and I don't believe it was brand new. The second one amazon sent was perfect ! I could tell from the set up and all the protective coverings that it WAS brand new !! It was an easy exchange and I'm very happy with the phone !!
As expected.
Phone work great.just the right size all features are wonderful love it
Good price for a great little phone.
I am loving it
Perfect! Great Deal
Because it functions just as good as my 1st G5 and cosmetically looked like new.
This phone is the best Android based phone I have had. It is very fast and has solid response. I bought it for my Straight Talk account. Switching phones was incredibly easy. All I had to do was swap out my SIM card form my previous Samsung phone and everything was automatic after that. The biggest drawback though is with all of the Verizon Proprietary Software on it, at 16 GB, Verizon doesn't leave much storage space for many additional personal programs. I do have a 64 GB micro SD in it, but many programs won't run on the SD card.
I purchased 2 of these, one worked perfectly and the other was defective, I sent the other one back for a refund, I love this phone very easy to navigate through all the functions. The camera has a lot of features and takes good pictures. I would recommend this phone and seller!
Magaria
Perfet very good phone
For a refurbished phone,you couldn't tell.I was really impressed overall about theSpeed it got to me too.
I own one already and it's just right for me. this one is for my 15 yr old for Christmas.
Have had this phone for quite some time and purchased it because it could be used with the Straight Talk service. Received it quickly with easy to use set up and instructions.
Great phone. May be a little behind as far as generations go, but it still functions above average. The battery leaves more to be desired, but all the useful features really balance out the negatives.
I just love it! And the price was GREAT TOO!
I like it the features are awesome.
Works well.
Was so good . It's so good to buy for here.
Nice, too good for a very cheap price, there are some little problem though but over all, I love it!
Great phone. love it.
Completely satisfied!!
I really love this phone. Bought it used. No damage and it works as though it is new.
Slow at times but overall a great purchase and we'll worth the money spent.
This was exactly what the description stated. I love this phone it works for everything I wanted and more. The only thing I found to be negative is the packaging states it contained a Sim card, but there was not one in the box. I just used my Verizon Sim card from my old phone and had it up and running in a few minutes.
It's ok
I love this phone! It works awesome! It was easy to register with straight talk from the instructions that were given. All I had to do was get astraight talk Verizon SIM card. I would buy this phone again!
Love the S5. I bought an unlocked 'Verizon' phone that did not work at first on my ATT plan; but ATT chat help gave me the correct data to put in the VPN settings and got that working. Then, I could not get Google Playstore (and thus, no apps) and Best Buy Geek Squad (they are awesome!) trouble shot with me and we finally updated the Android jellybean operating system and I got it! Now the phone works great. Takes excellent pictures too. I had the S3 and loved the size as it fit in side pockets and my clutch I carry -- S5 is a wee bit bigger, but it still works.
Excellent product and service
Got it really quick! Ugh wish I would have known about the Sims card!!! But I honestly love it!! It's almost in perfect conditions accept 2 small dents in the back of the phone.
I knew it was a large phone before I bought it, but I wanted a large display for internet acess. It is on the border of being too large for a phone after you put a good case on it but everything else that is great.
Great phone, great condition
Great phone absolutely love it ! I'm using straight talk & upgraded from my Verizon Galaxy s3 to this s5 & the transition was unbelievably smooth. I just removed my Sim & SD cards from my old phone & put them in my new one & never missed a beat. Would highly recommend !
So far so good. I am awaiting my sim card to start using it as a cell phone. All the other parts of the phone works well.
It works well, but I can't eliminate the advertisement that I don't use Verizone. I think that they have unblocked the cellphone but not 100% good.
I used this for BYOP for Tracfone and it works amazing. This is an excellent phone and has lots of features including the 16 pixel camera. This phone is fast and offers everything I need. From what I've read, this is water resistant unlike the Samsung Galaxy S6 which has tons of problems. The S7 was my dream phone but too expensive.
I absolutely love this phone. Just wish the fact that the charger cover was missing would have been included in the ad.
Great phone with one catch: If you are not going to use a Verizon SIM card, you are going to run into some challenges.1. After a factory reset, the phone will ask for a Verizon SIM card to be used to activate. You can bypass this and activate via WIFI.2. If you use ATT, be aware that you won't be able to get 4G LTE due to incompatible bands.The highest data speed: H+ (HSPA).3. If you use ATT, you will need to setup the APN to get data to work. Links below.[...]
The front camera has something in it so makes the front camera have black blob at the bottom of each picture. And this is just a picture of my wall nothing else.
i like it
Nice phone. Works well.
I bought the Samsung Galaxy S5 from BlutekUSA. After reading many reviews on Amazon warning of people selling old phones or phones that were useless due to being locked, I originally bought the same model (supposedly new) from a seller on eBay that had good reviews. However, the phone I got was not only used, but also locked and useless. I was therefore extra-careful when I went back to Amazon. After reading a really good review about BlutekUSA, I decided to try to buy a phone from them. The phone I got seems new as far as I can tell, and works very well. Even though it had the verizon logo in the back, it works well with Cricket (my carrier).
I love this phone, We have 3 of them. We love the water proofing quality since we live in Arizona and are always out at the pool. WE DONT swim with it. But it protects it against and occasional splash, etc. The phone is plenty for what I need, I love the android system and the open aspect of it. I might go to 7 but only after they fix the issues with that phone.
We purchased this Samsung Galaxy S5 with great results. It arrived early and just as described! Will definitely purchase from this seller again.Samsung Galaxy S5 G900V Verizon 4G LTE Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Black
Going from a galaxy 4 to 5 there is a lot of changes to the phone that won't transfer over I didn't know that so I lost a lot of data. Make sure you back up your 4 well before switching them I was unable to keep my Sim card from my 4 so I could do a transfer from one phone to another phone transfer. So if your buying a 5 make you backup or transfer your data to new phone before shutting it down. The galaxy 5 is a great phone takes great pictures. Long battery life longer than any phone ever had. Buy a outer cover for it one without glass face cover because will break easy without it but there cheap and strong. Love my phone.
This phone was a replacement for my husband's Galaxy S4 when the charging port broke. With prime, we got it next day and simply switched out the sim card with no major problems. I will give a small piece of advice for anyone who purchases this unlocked device to use with Straight Talk since this wasn't the first time I have used a non straight talk phone with the carrier. In order to get the phone to work completely (our internet wouldn't work outside of wifi at first), I had to change the settings a bit. You are looking to change the APN (Access Point Names) in settings->mobile networks section. If you have a straight talk phone already, you should be able to change the settings to match your old phone. If you are not tech savvy, look for a tutorial on youtube for guidance. Also, when we switched the sim car with all his contacts, it wouldn't call out to certain numbers. I played around with it a bit and figured out that it was because he didn't have a 1 in front of the numbers, Once he added that to all his contacts, the phone was fully operational.I would say this phone has some good upgrades from the S4 and some things that should have stayed the same, but those could just be preferences of my husband who isn't a fan of change or learning something new and a bit more complicated. For anyone who understands a little about mobile networks and unlocked phones, this is a great deal.
Finally took the plunge & upgraded phone & service plan after 15 years....and I am BLOWN AWAY at the incredible reception in my area- almost all my friends & service people that come to the house get ZERO reception...and while I certainly can't pull in 4G in my area, at least I can GET calls now & haven't had them drop or garble as before. Being able to connect to WiFi is certainly a plus & provides excellent reception if the cellular connection is not strong...which, on certain days, depending upon the weather, happens. So far, this phone is everything I expected & more. Configuring has been fairly easy, but I am familiar with Android OS, so that helps. Still learning the ins & outs of the actual phone & text features, but again, everything has been fairly easy to do. I actually took this down to the local Verizon store & had them do the SIM installation & activation since I was clueless, so THAT was SUPER easy! Screen is AWESOME, colors/display incredible, & so far, I LOVE this phone....hopefully it will continue!! Will post updates as I use the phone more (if I remember, LOL)
Excellent
Was spot on and a good reliable phone
Is very good phone i like it
Arrived fast, works great with my Verizon service. I went to the Verizon store and they installed the sim card free of charge with no questions. Didn't change my rate plan. Verizon also copied over my contacts.
An amazing phone, great buy!
Excellent
Perfect like new phone. Very happy
Works very well. Looked a little crusty but sold as used. No real problems just a little dirty. I highly recommend this phone, it's so much better than the S3 I had that it's incredible. Use Firefox for best browsing on this.
Great, and quick ship.
I love all the accessories that came with the phone. The picture quality is great. It's not too big or too small. Great tools for everyday use and some fancy extra's. the battery life is exceptional as well
I gie it a 4.5
Phone came in great condition, my girl loves her new phone pretty much we are happy in how great condition the phone. However the shipping seems like it took a long time!! But will recommend to friends and family, very easy to activate the phone and everything!!!!
Great
I bought this phone used and then used it my self for 2+ years. I LOVE THIS PHONE!! The only reason I am no longer using it is because I messed up the charging port :( This is one tough phone! I did not have a protective case (it was just for looks) have dropped it on concrete, pavement too many times to count and it even flew off the hood of my car (forgot I put it there) and fell apart. Once I found it I put it back together and it worked like a charm for the next year.....no the screen did not break or crack.
Phone came quick and as described! I had a gs3 so I thought it was time to upgrade because the 3 was really starting to slow down. I had straight talk with my s3 so all I had to do was switch my SD and Sim cards. My old number was already registered with the Sim card. Very easy transition and happy I made the switch!
My phone arrived yesterday, which was several days early. The phone looks nice except for some minor scratches in the area around the camera and a tiny chip on a corner, but that's to be expected with a phone that's not purchased new. I have the phone activated on straight talk and it works wonderfully. I would absolutely buy from them again.
very nice good purchase
i would have given five star but am yet to see 4G on my device all i see is H+ and every time i restart i get a clear reminder that the Sim is not a verizon sim and my home key after a press on it the screen takes about 4 seconds to start up the screen. Not sure if its the settings otherwise it is in good condition.
Item condition came as described.
Excellent purchase but had to return it.
Perfet very good phone
This phone really did as advertised. I wanted to buy a phone that could be carrier independent since I do a lot of travelling, and shortly after I bought this I got to take it with me to Mexico. Once I landed, I stopped at the local Telcel and put in one of their SIM cards (need to understand the local language of course) and it booted right up! There were a few oddities with using the phone there, but that was due to the provider, not the phone itself.All in all this is one sweet phone. I love most everything about it, from the ability to upgrade the memory size, to being able to change the battery (take THAT apple!). I have since sold my buddies and girlfriend into getting one as well. So won't you join android and get with the REAL cell phone company?
Psxpro was wonderful. My phone came earlier than expected and in even better condition than expected! They were so nice and fast. Would definitely buy from again
The phone is great, but the price drop quickly.
This phone is exactly what I wanted. Arrived on time, perfect.
I'm loving this phone, enough said.
This phone is awesome. Woke right up witn an existing activated Verizon sim card.
Works great no problems, thank you thank you thank you
Beautiful and amazing so much better than I expected
I got exactly what I wanted ! The only downside is it did not come with the original charger.
Love the phone. I find the battery dies a bit fast though.
Excellent item
Beautiful condition on this phone thank you VERY much
Good Product. Fast shipping.
Got phone as a gift. Works fine. She is happy with it . I bought things to protect it . She dropped and cracked screen on last phone.
Only been using for a short period but so far works great and I love it.
Perfect! Great Deal
It's a great phone;works great
The first phone I received was damaged and I don't believe it was brand new. The second one amazon sent was perfect ! I could tell from the set up and all the protective coverings that it WAS brand new !! It was an easy exchange and I'm very happy with the phone !!
As expected.
Phone work great.just the right size all features are wonderful love it
Good price for a great little phone.
I am loving it
Excellent would buy this again
Love it
I love this phone. I bought it to go on Verizon prepaid. If you are doing that, make sure you take it to an actual verizon store NOT an authorized dealer. But it's fast,great battery life and charges quickly. I bought it used on here and made sure it was prime eligible so if I didn't like it or it was broken I could return it free of charge.
Fast, elegant, good camera.
Only gave 5 stars so this'll be seen. Received this phone 2 weeks ago. Waited 2 weeks for a sim card i just got today, and was on the phone with a service provider for 3 hours just to find out after getting service and activating my phone the CHARGING PORT IS BROKEN. I cannot charge the phone I got. So clearly I am unhappy. Paid $120 for a phone I can't even use now because I can't even charge it. Thanks.
works beautifully! I love it!
good
I like it the features are awesome.
Works well.
Was so good . It's so good to buy for here.
Nice, too good for a very cheap price, there are some little problem though but over all, I love it!
Great phone. love it.
Completely satisfied!!
I really love this phone. Bought it used. No damage and it works as though it is new.
Slow at times but overall a great purchase and we'll worth the money spent.
It has worked well for me and is a good cheaper alternative
I moved from an iPhone 4S because a small portion of the touch screen became unresponsive and I wanted more real estate to view things. With a 128GB Micro SD card I now have plenty of storage and a beautiful screen to look at, all options not available with iPhones.. I'm not into the phablets that seem to be the rage now, so this phone is a very good size. My battery life was abysmal until I got Battery Doctor installed and found that one of my apps was causing a huge drain. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and now I have no trouble getting thru a day without recharging. This is the exact situation that I had with my iPhone. I am not a heavy user, so others may get different fuel mileage. The replacement batteries with a wall charger are not expensive on Amazon, so I purchased them for trips when recharging options are sometimes limited. I am now learning the uses of a Droid and am sure that I will be very happy with the phone, especially if I can find out how to get rid of all the Verizon apps that I don't use or want;
Nice phone. Works well.
I bought the Samsung Galaxy S5 from BlutekUSA. After reading many reviews on Amazon warning of people selling old phones or phones that were useless due to being locked, I originally bought the same model (supposedly new) from a seller on eBay that had good reviews. However, the phone I got was not only used, but also locked and useless. I was therefore extra-careful when I went back to Amazon. After reading a really good review about BlutekUSA, I decided to try to buy a phone from them. The phone I got seems new as far as I can tell, and works very well. Even though it had the verizon logo in the back, it works well with Cricket (my carrier).
I love this phone, We have 3 of them. We love the water proofing quality since we live in Arizona and are always out at the pool. WE DONT swim with it. But it protects it against and occasional splash, etc. The phone is plenty for what I need, I love the android system and the open aspect of it. I might go to 7 but only after they fix the issues with that phone.
We purchased this Samsung Galaxy S5 with great results. It arrived early and just as described! Will definitely purchase from this seller again.Samsung Galaxy S5 G900V Verizon 4G LTE Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Black
great phone at a great price
Nice
Had an issue with the phone, and they were great about replacing with a new one. TooK a little longer than expected, but was glad for a no hassle return.
My wife and I were so excited when these phones arrived. They arrived on time. They are brand new and shiny! Which may not matter to most people but when you get a new phone the newness is a big factor. The Price was very fair and the phones worked great out of the boxes. They were everything the Vendor said they were. They charged with no issues and we got them for use with Verizon. We took them to Verizon and getting our service up and running went great with no hitches. The rep was surprised at the price we paid for them as well. We also got the Android update Marshmallow 6.01 and these phones have a even better Android OS and have more functionality as well. We are very happy with these phones and the would buy from this Vendor with no hesitation!! I know Samsung is up to Galaxy S7 but I didn't have to spend $600 to $700 to get a great phone. The Galaxy S5 is a great phone!!
Product met all of my expectations
I nee to retun dis phone
A stellar phone compared to many out there on the market. It is slightly bigger than the S4, but not much difference. It is incredibly fast, very light and has removable battery and storage (for music, movies, etc.); I had a 64gb Samsung micro SD card installed with plenty of movies.The battery is great depending on what your doing and how your settings are on the phone. It can last anywhere between a whole day to two days; again, this all depends on your usage and settings. If you want, you can always buy an additional battery and just switch it out; that's one of the biggest pro's of having this phone. It also charges extremely fast with the new charging cable.The screen is amazing and crystal clear; by default comes saturated with bright colors that pop out at you; very nice. I have an iPhone 6 and you can tell the difference between the screens. If the color is too saturated for you, there are settings under the display menu that can tone it down a little or even change it to the natural color tone. The speaker is pretty good, doesn't get too loud, but its probably cause it sits on the back of the phone :(. Calls are clear and never had a problem from both ends. I would say the phone is more water resistant than waterproof. There is confusion with many consumers complaining that their phones broke cause they went swimming with it; I wouldn't recommend that. However, I've seen a friend of mine run it down the kitchen sink and drop it into the toilet on accident and nothing happened to it. So I guess it varies from person to person. Other than that, if your looking for a phone that will do almost everything with no restrictions, then this is it.
Perfect! I got it earlier than the estimate delivery date and it is soooo good I love it!! Thank you! :) oh and if the Internet or the data doesn't work all you have to do is call you company your on and tell them you need to connect your data to your new unlocked phone and BAM it's all fixed!
Finally took the plunge & upgraded phone & service plan after 15 years....and I am BLOWN AWAY at the incredible reception in my area- almost all my friends & service people that come to the house get ZERO reception...and while I certainly can't pull in 4G in my area, at least I can GET calls now & haven't had them drop or garble as before. Being able to connect to WiFi is certainly a plus & provides excellent reception if the cellular connection is not strong...which, on certain days, depending upon the weather, happens. So far, this phone is everything I expected & more. Configuring has been fairly easy, but I am familiar with Android OS, so that helps. Still learning the ins & outs of the actual phone & text features, but again, everything has been fairly easy to do. I actually took this down to the local Verizon store & had them do the SIM installation & activation since I was clueless, so THAT was SUPER easy! Screen is AWESOME, colors/display incredible, & so far, I LOVE this phone....hopefully it will continue!! Will post updates as I use the phone more (if I remember, LOL)
Excellent
Was spot on and a good reliable phone
Is very good phone i like it
Arrived fast, works great with my Verizon service. I went to the Verizon store and they installed the sim card free of charge with no questions. Didn't change my rate plan. Verizon also copied over my contacts.
An amazing phone, great buy!
love my Samsung Galaxy S5 it's works well and very fast
This product is a great product.
buenas condiciones
Yes got it. Thank u
LOVE THIS PHONE! This is my first smartphone ever and I always knew I would get a Samsung when I finally decided to join the 21st century.....I had purchased one just like this from a third party on Amazon and it was totally defective.... so when I got this one....brand new out of the box, I was ecstatic!
Great phoneTKs
I love my Samsung Galaxy! With all the worry about the new ones exploding or catching on fire, why not go with an older model? I love mine. This one is a replacement for my older one that I dropped and broke. It works smoothly and I am pleased with my purchase.
Very nice phone and a great deal. All you need is a Verizon carrier and no contract!
leary of Samsung galaxy at this time
Phone was in perfect mint condition, not a scratch or flaw anywhere. Phone is works perfectly, took it to Verizon and had a sim installed with no problems. Definitely will do business with Celluar Professor again!
I've had this for a month or so now and works well. Im sure there is a way to update the android version but for now it is locked at 5.0. My previous s5 was updated to the top version though this is less twitchy than the newer one.
Love this phone. It's just like the xbox360. Not the newest nor the oldest device but, the best S series created
Great
Works great no problems, thank you thank you thank you
Beautiful and amazing so much better than I expected
I got exactly what I wanted ! The only downside is it did not come with the original charger.
Love the phone. I find the battery dies a bit fast though.
Fast! Just as described.
one of the best phones out there. the phone was shipped with all the accessories.
Exact one that was pictured and worked great with no problems. Fast delivery also even though I just got the regular delivery.
I love this phone. I am so happy I purchased this phone. I use trac phone and it works great with it!
This phone is great. No problems what so ever.
Perfect phone!! Perfect just everything perfect love this phone.
Loving my new phone. Arrived quickly. No problems.
Excellent phone & features. Still getting used to all of it's functions.
So happy I got the S5 !!! It is quick, has great security features, thin, big screen, absolutely no issues at all !!! Love it !!!
worth the price
Excellent experience and product from this seller. Shipping was fast and product was exactly as described. Highly recommended!
It was a gift and the person who received it loves it
The item is perfect
Waw
Great purchase! Really glad I got it.
Great phone, still using it even though it isn't the newest model. Love the waterproof aspect. I'm able to mount it to my motorcycle, even in the rain
It's was boy a bad phone at all I just like gold and they didn't have the right charger
It's a great phone;works great
The first phone I received was damaged and I don't believe it was brand new. The second one amazon sent was perfect ! I could tell from the set up and all the protective coverings that it WAS brand new !! It was an easy exchange and I'm very happy with the phone !!
As expected.
Phone work great.just the right size all features are wonderful love it
Good price for a great little phone.
I am loving it
I really enjoy this cell phone. I have had really good experiences with android phones by samsung. I love all of the different things I can do on it, and coming from an iPhone I was worried I wouldn't have as many options as I had in the apple store but I have everything I need and it was very easy to transition. Love this phone...easy to text, call, google. It's big enough and has a good camera.
Its great item but im triying to configure it but i cant access my data service i make calls but no data. Help
Had one before. Replacement phone
When I have speaker on, people cannot hear me at all.
Grandson is so excited to have a new phone.
This product was exactly as I expected and at a great price. The only thing I had to was insert my card and set the phone up!
Great product. Great Buy!
So far this product has been awesome :) The port to recharge kinda sucks, tight to open but oh well. Great camera! :)
i like it
This was a great phone until the G7 came out. Started having issues shortly after and my phone has had several updates since, which have been slowing it down a great deal. The one issue I have is that this phone is unlocked by Verizon and you will be stuck with all of Verizon's default applications with no way of removing them. You can disable them but even the operating system launches with the Verizon logo no matter what carrier you go with. As well this creates issues when you use another carrier, such as the voicemail application being verizon only, so you have to download separate apps that work with your carrier to check it.
Beautiful condition on this phone thank you VERY much
Good Product. Fast shipping.
Got phone as a gift. Works fine. She is happy with it . I bought things to protect it . She dropped and cracked screen on last phone.
Only been using for a short period but so far works great and I love it.
I knew it was a large phone before I bought it, but I wanted a large display for internet acess. It is on the border of being too large for a phone after you put a good case on it but everything else that is great.
Great phone, great condition
Great phone absolutely love it ! I'm using straight talk & upgraded from my Verizon Galaxy s3 to this s5 & the transition was unbelievably smooth. I just removed my Sim & SD cards from my old phone & put them in my new one & never missed a beat. Would highly recommend !
Exactly as promised.
A perfect phone no scratches or anything just looks line a brand new phone
Wife loves it. Came from iPhone 4.
Absolutely happy with my phone and it was brand new in the box not reconditioned just like the seller said. I will definitely buy again front this seller.
Just the best phone ever... period the end. It lives up to the hype. All kinks worked out either by Samsung or verizon. The 5.0 update has been fixed because Verizon waits to release them after they see how it works on other providers and doesn't update until after they are fixed.The many features have been seamless so far. The battery life is very good but it almost doesn't matter because a twenty minute charge gets you up to 60 to 70 % charge that lasts the rest of any day. A ten minute charge can get you back to 30% from 10%. The 30% charge lasts for hours.TheRe are features I didn't think I would use like hover to enlarge pictures. I use it all the time.Turning on "OK Google" to respond without touching a button let's you make calls search the internet and more without picking up the phone... and so on.I think it's better than the s6 because it has a replaceable battery (although after market batteries don't charge as fast as the Samsung battery ) and you can add 128gb of SD card memory!The video camera and still camera have been well documented. But the panorama, dual camera mode, low light settings, and much more are amazing. There isn't a need for other apps to do the different things like HDR and fast burst. The slow mo is great and the ability to take still pictures while recording video without stopping is actually kind of brilliant. There is much more but I'll stop here. I completely see why people who have this s5 aren't upgrading. Too good is hard to improve on.
Exactly what I was expecting and great customer service!
So far the Phone has been great.
Very good mobile with all features currently in the market and with strong hahardware
Okay.
Dos not work 4G in Spain.The mobile is great anyway.
Great! Best phone I have every had.
Best Galaxy I ever had! First of all I was expecting a G906"S", but I received a G906"L"! I don't know what happened... They have the same hardware but some bands are lost in the "L" model... Even when you can unlock all bands with this Qualcomm hardware, some bands aren't available, but it works for me in Movistar VENEZUELA (here in Venezuela, MOVISTAR doesn't have LTE yet)... And I'm now in Spain for vacations and I bought a Vodafone sim card and first it was just working in H - H+, then I open all LTE bands and now I'm in LTE almost all time... The phone it's so powerful... This G906 models (S/K/L) doesn't show H or H+ been stock, I change the rom for a custom one with this issue solved, just a visual issue, even when it just show 3G the speed for download and upload is from H - H+... So just search in Xda and solve this issue...
Works perfectly with both Telcel in Mexico and T-Mobil in USA
excellent product, fast delivery, very happy
Working great. So far, so good.
Great Phone. Without having to root or make any changes to the phone, it is great on t-mobile. You can only make calls on AT&T, Data will not work (because of the frequencies) without you rooting the device.All the S5 features are here. Tool box. (Your 5 favorite Applications in an easy drop down)Ultra Power Saving Mode.Normal Power Saving mode.Finger Print ScannerPrivate Mode.The only things lacking beside less processing power than a full S5 is a lower camera (8mp vs 16mp) and of course lower quality auto focus.However the phone is still water resistant. Check out underwater 'selfies" . 3ft for 3 minutes.
thanks
I loved
Gosh I love this phone.The size of an" i phone S5"..slim fits in my shirt pocket, really solid housing. Its fast, loaded with options for security. Its a mat looking chrome gold. Did'nt want to size up like most of the newer phones so I took a chance on this, and I'm so happy I did! The delivery was on time and the phone worked right away with my T-mobile sim. Just needed to change the language setting to english and no problems using it. it was out paddleboarding in the first week of having it, good connection out on the water too!
Excellen
Excelent! Greetings
Very good
GREAT SELLLER
Excellent product at a good price.
I really like the phone, as it works pretty fine for me. With my usage about 30 minutes per day for navigation (GPS and data transfer) and about 10 minutes web browsing (and about 2 minutes of calls) battery last for 3 days. With Skype video call over 3G it drains about 0.75% of battery per minute.Only little bit disappointing issue is that other side on Skype video call sometimes complains about sound and video drops. But I'm not sure if it's issue with the phone or the 3G network.
Perfect!
Great product
Best smartphone I've ever had. Easy to work with, compact, powerful, superb definition, long lastin battery... Excellent
Bought this as a birthday gift and it was so well received that I am going to buy one for myself today. This phone has no negatives turning ondata is spot on and fast with navigating the internet. The camera takes good quality pictures and video. We could not be more happy with thiswonderful little phone.
Works very well as expected and I always find it better to have a small phone, specially with today's huge things they sell.
Was able to activate in Colombia, no problems!
Great little phone, however the battery sucks
Good
Came exactly as listed. Great phone.
Aceptable
ok
Bought this phone to use overseas and it is great. I am an Apple guy and I still love this phone.
The size of the phone is okay although I kinda wanted it to be smaller. I should start getting used to bigger screens (I was used to the S3 mini). Not really liking the button on the bottom left. I'm used to that being the settings button, but now it checks all apos that were previously used. I expected to phone to freeze way less than it does. Still satisfied with this phone though.
Excellent
everythin fantastic and perfect! great!!!! thankss
Yes excellent
Came on time and brand new and no problems
I like it
I't's perfect to my mon!
This phone is great so far. Was worried about the past negative reviews but bought it new and haven't been disappointed yet.
Works well. My friend likes it a lot. I think I prefer my bigger Nexus 5 though. If you are looking for an inexpensive unlocked phone, give this a shot.
nice product
very good product
Ok
Excellent!
Excellent phone. The people who sold it to me sent me free of charge the US adapter that didn't come in the package as soon as I told them that it didn't come in the box. Very efficient, and very preoccupied that I was completely satisfied. I totally recommend them. The phone truly is water resistant, my husband has one exactly the same and went in to the sea with it, and nothing happen to it. I was amazed.
EXCELLENT ARTICLE. ALL PERFECT.
Excelent
Good
excellent product, good quality.
the samsung galaxy s5 mini and all its products are guaranteed and like delivery. But what I liked most was his constant product information path to your destination of delivery and seriousness to trade thank you very much. My score five out of five stars. congratulations
Work's ok.
Love it
thank
muy buen producto.
international fully compatible!
The battery last just a day with medium use and sometimes yo have to charge it during day
Exelent
The Samsung SM-G800F is the INTERNATIONAL phone. If your looking for the North and South America only phone you want the SM-G800H! That being said, this phone still works much better than my old phone even though it doesn't actually connect to T-Mobile's 4G LTE network. Not sure yet whether or not I'm keeping this...only playing with it for a few days will tell. UPDATE 12/24/14: Ended up sending this phone back...kept dropping calls & text messaging kept failing. Had to resend messages up to 3 to 4 times before they would actually go through. Internet connection was hit or miss too. Very disappointed...I so wanted to like this phone!
The product matches the one posted on the internet, good quality, congratulations
The product arrived in perfect condition with accessories and a pair of headphones for gift thank you very much from Venezuela excellent team ..
Small, fast, easy. Seems to have left behind all those inexplicable disconnections on S4.
excelent
Thanks!
works perfect
No
Excelent Product and service
And absolutely good phone .
excellent product, very good quality, I recommend
I really like it. No problems switching my phones and it works perfect, I haven't tested if it is water resistant really don't want to.
Great phone! Will have this over a year now with no problems.
Love my phone ... Excellent pictures...enough space and fast processor. And fits into the cell space in my van perfectly.
excelente prodcuto
Pretty neat phone. It is what you'd expect from Samsung, but I find it is just a facelift along with minor improvements over the S4 Mini. Still a good phone though.
she loves it
Excelente
worked on AT&T with minimal setup
my wife loves it
Like the most Samsung the problem is the battery life but is a very good phone
Good phone. It's a Samsung, it's a phone.
Upgraded from an older Samsung (non-Galaxy.) My son likes it, many improvements over his old phone. Good battery life.
Excelet
Excellent
Received this item very quickly, the phone is great good size, and works really well.
Excelente, 100% recomendado.
I love it! :)
Excellent phone!!!
The purchase arrived on time. The phone met my expectations. Works perfectly in Argentina
The product is well received here in Venezuela , thank you very much .
Phone is amazing! It had an awesome camera (both)and the phone is a perfect size, it's not huge Iike most phones.
Excelent cell. I use it in Venezuela with Movistar carrier and works perfectly 4G
Quality phone to the task.
Nice cellphone
Product as described
It works fine with AT&T and I like that it small and fits in my pocket with no trouble.
very hapy with this phone, works great, have everhiting I need for a phone, not to small, not to big, decent price, go for it...
I really like this phone. Phones seem to be getting bigger while this one is the perfect small size. So far it is working great.
nice phone,
Great! I love my Cellphone. thanks :D so good!
Except products
EXCELENTE
As expected
100 percent genuine. Came in sealed box.
It works perfect in Venezuela The battery lasts a lot more others do not hesitate to buy it.
Great phone as it allows you to enjoy all the good android apps. The only thing is that the signal has never reached the 4G level - I believe it should be sold as a 3G instead
Great product, excellent quality. Worked fine with my carrier. no problems at all.
The phone has performed well all around. I never cared that it is water resistant until I acceidently dropped it into my diswasher! I realized I misplaced the phone and searched for quite a while before I thought to look in the dishwasher. It must have been in the running dishwasher about 20 minutes. (I keep it in my shirt pocket and it fell into the flatware holder when I reached into the back of the dishwasher to clean the filter.) My only complaint is that my phone's ring wasnt' loud enough to be heard through the closed diswasher door when I was trying to locate it :).
Great
excellent. all good. thx
It ships from EUROPE. But,,,,, works in the UNITED STATES with no issues. Great phone
PERFECT
Excellent product and seller's attention first. New with quality seals intact and unopened wrapper. Recommended product quality and original. Thank You
This is our 3rd international unlocked phone bought and it works awesome in Argentina!!!
love it
Got this for my wife. Replaced her aging iPhone. The Samsung migrate feature is really nice. All her contacts, emails, and calendars just showed up on her new device. She was able to set it up the way she wanted. Overall she really likes it.The only con that she has mentioned is the button on the front is easily pressed when its in her purse and ends up turning on.I will also note that the phone is super light and slippery. It is a little hard for me to hold.Battery life for her is great. She is by no means a power user. But if she forgets to charge it one night she can easily make it through the next day. The standby time is excellent.
Excellent :D
Great
Good product.
fast delvery and good product
Great phone! Works awesome!
Excelent, everything alright
Perfect phone, size just like the size of an iphone 5s, specs are great, works perfectly with Movistar Venezuela, battery life is average it last a day.
Got this for my boyfriend and he loves it. He has MetroPCS and at first had some trouble with the Internet connection. After talking on the phone with Metro his phone now works perfectly fine.P.S used in the U.S (New York)
Great phone with good apps. Buy it you will never regret getting one. It exceeds my expectations.
Everything was perfect!!!
Excellent product.
Love it! I only had it for a week now but so far I am very satisfied.
Very good article , I Delivered just in time recommend
Great phone! I think the best price/value in the market of smartphones
Good
Excellent!!!
Good phone and i got it on time but depending on your location you might need to unlock it before using it.
S5 mini is the best for me.So 100% recomended.
Still works well. No problems with t-mobile
excelent
excelente
Delivered on time and product is in perfect state.
everything great!
Excelente and beautifull cell phonne
great product, thank you
Excellent. Buy it.
excelent phone
very good product
All the functions that I need in a size most approrpriate and not too large to fit comfortably in my hand. My wife now wants tor replace her own S5 with a Mini as well.
100%
Thanks.
Gracias. very good
Works perfectly. Recommended buy.
I was using a Samsung Galaxy S2 for a few years. Running on only 1GB ram with 8GB memory, it was no longer able to keep up with my daily functions. So I bought this S5 mini. At first, I was nervous about only going up to 1.5GB of ram (the S5 and S6 have a 2.0 RAM and other phones go as high as 4.0GB). But the phone runs very quick. I make sure to have up to 3 applications running at a given time to ensure I have the best experience. Either way, I clear out my used application list frequently. I love how small the mini is compared to it's counterpart (S5). I feel like this is the best of both worlds in terms of having the full functionality of the S5 or S6 but it is still easy to transport and use.My main issues with this phone are:1) The product description doesn't specify that you need a micro SIM card. Once my phone arrived and my old sim didn't fit into the new phone that's how I found out. Had it specify it, I would'ev clicked the add on when adding the phone to my cart.2) The phone provides very cool emojis within its keyboard. However, no one is able to see any emoji I send. I keep getting an error message every type I send one out (see the image I included with this review). My friend with an S4 says she gets "??" every time I send an emoji. My friend with an S6 says he just sees a space. However, when anyone sends me an emoji (all types of androids) I can always see it. It sucks how they can express themselves fully via emojis but I can't! I was forced to only send the green android emoji faces. I eventually had to download an app just to send emojis even though my samsung keyboard has the same emojis I am downloading. We all even updated our software to the latest one and it still fails. It doesn't make any sense!3) Some areas of my apartment has little to no service (even though I am in a "highly covered area" in the USA). On my S2, I relied on wi-fi calling to carry out 99.9% of my indoor calls. This phone doesn't allow wi-fi calling, at least, not with the micro-sim card it requires to have. So now I am back to stretching my head as close to the window just to get one bar of signal.4) When transferring my files from an S2 to an S5 mini, I noticed not all of my memos moved over. I had a couple of memos that were passcode locked to protect private info. Apparently the S5 mini doesn't support "locked" memos so it doesn't even show them. Now I am in the process of figuring out what to do instead because I still need that info!
excellent
Excellent team
This is a preliminary review of my Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800F 16GB Unlocked Cellphone - International Version (Black) which I got yesterday at about 1 o’clock. I loaded apps that I use and learned the intricacies of this new operating system. This phone replaced a galaxy s3 mini, which I liked a lot, but the new phone is not only faster but it is also easier to use.I ordered it Tuesday and I worried about how I was going to transfer all my stuff from my s3 mini. Well, I shouldn’t have worried. Samsung has a free app on the play store. It’s called the Samsung Smart Switch. I loaded it onto both phones and everything (contacts, calendar entries, apps, photos) got transferred in a few minutes.Shortly after I started up the phone, the operating system got updated to the lollipop version (android 5.1.1).The s5 mini uses a micro sim card. My s3 mini used a regular size one. I looked at all the videos on YouTube. I am a klutz. I did not want to manually cut my sim card (I probably would have destroyed it) so I got a Noosy sim card cutter from Amazon. It cut my card perfectly. I installed it in my new phone. It works great.So far, I am very happy with my new phone. It works exactly as stated in its description. The only thing I would like to eliminate is that very annoying big red “T” that is displayed on startup. It is probably a vestige of the telecommunications company that this phone was originally made for. There was a lot of bloatware on this phone too (some of which was in a foreign language). I eliminated all that (and gave myself some more memory space).Right now my phone is on the charger. I like the little red notification light at the top. It glows red while it’s charging and goes off when the charging is done. Speaking of charging, unlocked cell phones often come with a European style wall plug. I got my phone through Mobiles International LLC. They included an adapter, which is not always the case. I didn’t get one with my s3 mini so I had to use my Nook plug.As I said, this is very preliminary. We’ll see how things are in a month. Right now, it’s five stars.UPDATEI've had this for over a week now. Phone works fine. Battery charges very quickly. However, when I disconnect the charger, I get a message to make sure I close the cover over the charging port. Well, there is no cover on the s5 mini. When I take a video and display it on my tv using the quick connect feature, it would display upside-down. Well, I figured out that the video would display properly if the home button was on the RIGHT side as I took the video.
I bought for my daughters and they are satisfied with that product!
Is a very good phone and it works perfectly in Costa Rica!!!
It work fine in Iceland :) Love this Phone
Love it
Excellent Smart phone. received quickly, thank you. recommended seller
A very good mid-range phone
Very, Very good phone. I encrypted mine so when restarting the login text is in russian but the keypad is in you native language. Just enter your password and you will be logged in.I am buying a second one just so I can do video call without having to go through a secondary app.Best part of all this device and all Samsung devices support 128GB SD card (don't believe the small print). I am trying to find a 256GB SD card to see if it works too.
Excellent
excellent, no problems at all
Good Phone
I like the product. Looks slim and sleek. Features are good..
Delivered in time. Excellent !!
Great little phone however it does NOT connect to AT&T LTE although the description leads you to believe it will. It does connect to HSPA+ which is fine for what I am using it for. Still sees around 4mpbs on the speed test but that is slow compared to 21mbps I see on the same network at the same time with LTE. Works well enough.
very good
THIS WAS A GREAT PHONE
OK
I use the phone in Trinidad which is in the Caribbean works great. I like that it has so much internal storage and the size of the phone is perfect ,easily fits in my small pocket book.
All OK. Work perfect in Venezuela network's
A+
Good
marvelous!
Good product
nice one
Excellent
Excellent. Intuitive, fast and full of funtions. Much better than previous versions
protuducto excellent and fast delivery
Excellent thank you
Just Excellent
It is easy to use, lots of features, good volume, nice camara for this gama.It works fast most of the time but it frezes sometimes.
Really excellent
GOOD
NIce phone
It arrived on time and, to date, no problems with getting it to work in the UK
Worked right out the box
Bought this as a gift for my dad. He likes it so far but I'm not in a position to comment a whole lot.
Great phone. My daughter loves it. The phone is the perfect size not too big and not too small. I connected this phone to metropcs. Works fine.
Great phone. I really like mine. Sometimes I miss the bigger screen.
Great choice for the price
The phone is nice and works ! My probleme is with the charger it doesnt match my plug
perfecto
all ok
Good stuff thanks guys
great phone
Some times fail
Great phone my wife is happy with the gift :) very fast, great camera, nice size and design.
Works great with AT&T network.
Excellent product. Very fast. Good size... A little smaller that my S4 so... perfect! The best features on a compact, elegant size.
It's very good cell phone.
i'll love this phone for ever, very nice in everything
Great choice.
Great phone
This seller processed and shipped this product at the speed of light. The phone was a gift and the person who received it told me that this device works as advertised and quite happy with it.
Excelent smartphone
Excelente!!!
Excellent. The only issue is that I did not get the quick charging adapter.
A very good phone, but Samsung still has to upgrade the software to dnhance the perperformance. The first day, I thrned it on and started to play with apps, accounts and things... battery ok, good performance. Next day, installed and updated all ssamsunng an google stock apps... hell!Battery went to 5hrs ave. Lock screen slowed down, etc.Third day, I decided to stop process, turn off apps (samsung and google) that I don't need, publicity and marketing software and the whole crap.After 3 weeks, my opinion as mentioned, Very Good Phone, despite sw weakness that the customer has to resolve by himself and on his own demand.
everything ok, I recomend it
I've only had the Samsung S5 mini for a few days, but I'm loving it!
exlente
A1
It's just as advertised....will work with any gsm network ideal for those like me who don't want the very big smart phone
Very good telephone.
not a bad buy, would buy again
Perfect, new cell phone, as described!
I love the phone.
Great phone!!!
Just what I wanted. Works great on Consumer cellular.
It works well, as expected. I did receive a UE version (European plug, and I am still trying to change the temperature to Fahrenheit in the screen)
very good
Great customer service by Amazon. Great product at a great price.
Great phone.
GOOD QUALITY
I bougth this phone 11-04-2015 (Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800F, Unlocked Cellphone, International Version, 16GB, Black) as gift to my girlfriend, to replace her old Galaxy S3 Mini. Our carrier in Venezuela (Digitel GSM) use european frecuency bands (3G: 900 Mhz, 4G/LTE: 1800 Mhz, very strange in Latin American), and this exact model (SM-G800F) support both bands (SM-G800A, SM-G800H and others S5 Mini editions don’t support these bands).When I received the phone, I was shocked about Samsung "Regional Lock", because the box clearly says " European Model: This product should be activated with a SIM card issued from a mobile operator within Europe… To use SIM cards from other regions, a cumulative call over five minutes must first be made with the SIM card from European operators. " (see http://www.gsmarena.com/european_samsung_galaxy_s5_is_also_regionlocked-news-8273.php for more details about regional lock). I was worried about losing my purchase!!!!I contacted the seller (Shopebest), and very kindly say me that they sell this phone Region Unlocked. I inserted my girlfriend SIM card (Digitel, Venezuela) and immediately the phone has 4G access ! I'm happy with the purchase, and my girlfriend is very happy with her gift !I recommend to all future buyers of Samsung Phones (Not USA models) to check prior with the sellers about “Regional Lock”, because Samsung is locking more phones from their catalog.
Excellent seller and his product as well
I like how small it is. Now days phones are getting to big to put in your pocket. I work construction so a small phone is a must have.Issue i'm having is its slow. Freezes up on me.Camera quality isn't the best but isn't horrible.Overall for the price and size i'm content with the purchase.
Very Good
Like
Excellent
ok
The phone was really satisfing and I really enjoyed it. Everything was good except that the phone had dust when i opened it up other than that everything works and also the phone was from sweden but works in the united states
Excelent product... Thanks
Got this for connection to T-mobile's service using a T-Mobile Complete SIM starter kit (also from Amazon). My wife needed a small phone that wouldn't be obtrusive in the pocket. I love the fact that one can get at the "guts" of Samsung's phones so easily. No nonsense and no issues getting the phone registered.
Excelent
Love it!
can`t say anything new about the phone- so many people before described their expiriences. I bought this one for my 12 years old son as his hand is not big enough for hold the basic version)
I bought it some days ago and it works perfectly in Argentina. Excellent product.
EXCELENTE
Excellent phone, very good price-quality ratio.
Great phone for on the go
It is good as expected but I received charger having European standard. It is not as usa so bought new charger.
Great phone
Works on AT&T, just make sure to go into the setting and change your mobile network mode to WCDMA/GSM instead of LTE/WCDMA/GSM or else you wont be able to get any data, I was about to return it thinking all I could do was make calls and use wifi.
Great
Funcionou bem no Brasil.
excellent
i hate a big phone perfect size and does alot
Good phone... It's the international version, which calls for a EU sim before it can be used anywhere else. That said, my T-mobile sim, unlocked, worked here in the US. Mercate group offered some solid customer service too. Will likely improve with more widely available in the US - as early adoption leads to lack of online support for issues.The good: 1. s5 features, in a smaller package. 2. Price. 3. Availability well before US version gets here. 4. Very light and feels great in your hands. 5. Delivery and customer service from seller. 6. No US manufacturer bloat-ware!A few nit-picks - 1. came with kit kat 4.2 and not 4.4. 2. LTE support is supposedly there, but doesn't seem to work very well (limited band, most likely in the US) 3. battery life is terrible (cannot make it throughout the day, with minimal use). 4. screen isn't quite as good as the s5 full-size. 5. uses USB 2.0 as opposed to 3.0 on the full-size s5.
The gift recipient loves his new phone, coming from a blackberry curve, this is a major step up. No complaints whatsoever. Excellent product
nices
Good productarrive on time
Even though this product was listed for 4g lte it does not work on att's 4g network. Instead, we are connected to H+ -- which is ok, but not quite as fast as 4g.
Great. It came on time and it just was i was looking for.
Love it. Better than the G800H.. :)Fast shipping but extremely POOR packaging
Y can't my Sim card fit in this phone plz help? ?
Very good!
Excellent until know no problem at all, works 4g H+ with T-Mobile USA not 4g LTE
veri good
Very good product. I am totally satisfied with it.
good
Nice product, I recommend it
Excellent product
Works perfectly with Movistar in Venezuela. Excellent phone and service .
Got here when it said it would. It was in perfect condition and works fine! I am happy with it so far! ^-^
very good phone, is faster, goo quality, is what I was looking for, recommend, the price was good too, I use and my children loves to play with the phone
Update, April 2016:I should have updated months ago, but basically within 2015 (less than a year since purchase) the phone slowed down a good bit. At the moment, in April 2016, I still have it but it's much slower still. It seems to stall for a few seconds when doing simple things -- touching any icon to launch an app, trying to snap a pic, trying to enter a web address or search item into the browser search field (the keyboard takes several seconds to come up). It's unfair they seem to go noticeably wonky after just a few months of use, especially after the price paid. The camera issues started in under 6 months.I've removed one star because I don't think these phones should degrade so quickly with controlled to moderate use.--Quad core is the way to go. This thing moves fast! The touch sensitivity is very good, apps and internet function smoothly and very quickly (internet might depend on your mobile data service, or wifi quality). And I can attest, from personal experience, that the water-resistant feature WORKS WELL! -- I had a bit of an accident, where the phone was in water for a few seconds, but was back to normal after drying. The speaker took a few days to start working as it did (sounded scratchy because it needed more drying time), but after that, it was back to perfect. Purchased around Dec 2014.
Excelente telefono
The best gift. Clear voice n photos
This phone is very handy and convenient to use by my 12 years old son. It has all the functionalities as the regular S5. The display is stunning. I did not see any lags at all. Photos taken in a little bright background are amazing. Video quality is perfect.I love it, love it, love it.Great asset for the money and will not be looking to replace for another 3-4 years :)
Everything as expected. Love my S5 mini.
Excellent!!
Excellent!
As of now I am still learning step by step operation of the device. So far I am having fun with it.The size is about right and thats why I order this S5 mini. I could put it concealed into my pantpocket. The various apps and operating system made this S5 for me lots of fun.
Awsome phone
Excellent product & service
excellent
turn off by itself sometimes
Excellent buy, size ideal, recommended seller
Exelente
Works fine. Love to Google on it. Good to get the weather on an ap.
I love it.
I bought this phone because I love the galaxy S phones and I destroyed my last one by accidentally running over it with a lawn mower. It worked but the screen cracked in 2 places and started getting slow. This phone is awesome. It's fast, the battery lasts a long time, from morning to midnight. Much better than the S4 mini I destroyed. And its waterproof! I haven't tested that out yet but every time I turned it on it would remind me to make sure the back was closed properly so it would be waterproof. 5 out of 5 stars and would definitely buy again.
Works as expected. Good product.
I purchased this phone back in July, seems to work great. Only thing is that I'm unable to access a lot of apps in the play store as it keeps saying they're not available in my country. Can anyone assist with this? I've never experienced this issue with any phones before.
This phone is awesome I love it. It came on time, and was just what I was looking for. What I would suggest is sending the sim card with it though.
Unlocked version is loaded with German language control for all functions. Once I figured out how to reset I am extremely pleased with performance as well as function.
Exelente
Excelent Phone
everything it's OK
Really good
I bought it for my wife. I did not hear any complaints.
It it a good cellphone. I like the waterproof certification.In almost two weeks of use, I had problem with internal memory (I believe). I was listening to music in its app and suddenly the cellphone didn't respond to any command or button. It just looked like it was dead. I couldn't turn it off because it didn't respond. I thought it was because I had it exposed to water, however, the inside parts were not wet or anything. So, I just decided to reset the battery, and then I was able to turn it on again.I bought it to use in another country (Brasil) and its network worked perfectly.
Excelente
Mixed emotions - should be 5 stars, but I had to return the first one because it died after Day 2. I now have a new one and am now on Day 4 and everything is working fine. It was easy to set up and start using right away.Amazon's return process is very efficient and user friendly. Couldn't believe that I could even print out a return label for the package.
I love it!!!!!! Excelente!!
This phone works well in the Caribbean with my LIME(Cable and Wireless) provider. It works really fast, looks good. Has 4G access so the internet is fast. it's the mini phone but it's not too small and the screen is big enough for reading, or playing games on watching videos. I would recommend this phone for anyone.
I bought Samsung Galaxy S5 mini from Amazon.com and using with AT&T carrier in USA. I have received the phone in original samsung unopened box. The phone is BRAND NEW and I observed that the phone is not associated with any carrier. It is just from Samsung factory made for UK/UAE region. It's working very well with AT&T and I am enjoying the phone very much. It's very handy size wise and has all features what Galaxy S5 has. Seller/Amazon ships ontime and found price also reasonable. I took the phone to AT&T showroom and they just inserted the new micro SIM and it started working. I love this phone and very beautiful phone working at 4G LTE speeds, but we see H+ symbol with carrier network. AT&T said H+ speed is same as 4G LTE. I recommend this phone to anyone. Supper seller, super prompt delivery and super phone as they advertised on Amazon.com.
Received my S5 mini today..love the phone and it works well in the Bahamas...Awesome phone at an awesome price. .
Good phone, decent price. I would recommend it.
good product, fast and 100% recommeded
Very nice features and was very easy to set up. Works well in the Caribbean. . Very happy with this purchase.
It is a very good phone ! Nice color ( Blue) ... but I bought it wrong ( my mistake ) I was looking for the dual sim card one !But it is nice size ( don't like too big screens ) ...For Android users I sure recommend .
It's perfect
Great cellphone
great product
DAMN IS PERFECTBUT IF YOU GIVE UP THE TERRIBLE FINGER SENSOR BUY THE K ZOOM
Good
bought this phone last year to use in colombia,am buying another for my daughter .Works fine in colombia or the us .great value
The first phone I ordered, was faulty and the camera did not work, however after exchanging it for a new one, my expectations were met and the new phone works 100% as it should
Excelent
Fast shipping A+ I would buy from this place again. Love it.
As described an delivered just in time
Thank You!
The 4 star is because wierdly, some of the apps i.e.: texting, the microphone does not appear for voice to text. One must type everything. For fat fingers, that's difficult. Also, with the microphone option, it's much easier and faster. So that is disappointing! We will contact support to find out if there is a solution.Something like the S5 non-mini, but a much different product. We needed the smaller size.
Excellent purchase
Bought this to send to the islands. Works very well there.
Very good
This phone is wonderful. It has fast WiFi speeds and good mobile data speeds. On T-Mobile in US I only get H+, H, 3G, E and G. If I'm lucky I can get 4G sometimes. This phone is the International Version so some LTE bands won't work for US. The camera on this phone is great. If I hold the phone still when I take the picture then it would turn out really well. Though this phone has a fingerprint sensor, it sometimes doesn't register the fingerprint and after a while I give up and put in my alternative password. The touchscreen is great and responds really well. Out of the box it is running Android 4.4.2 KitKat which is really fast. On certain apps the phone crashes and restarts or it just freezes and you have to take the battery out and put it back in. Since this version is the International Version it does have NFC unlike the US Version. Calling is great and you can hear the person you're talking to really clearly. Also in the box it comes with the phone, a battery, earbuds with microphone and volume controls, and a USB Charger that has to long round ports and can only be used internationally.Overall, this is an excellent phone and works really well. If you're looking for a phone that isn't very expensive and can get the job done then this is the phone you're looking for. The screen is not too big and not too small. You can easily use the phone with one hand and reach all four corners. I really recommend this phone!
Great love it feels great right size too love it 5/5
excellent product and fast delivery
This phone is awesome I love it! It came in original packaging and flawless condition, perfect. I use it with Staight Talk in the U. S. and it works great, I just had to put in my sim card and it was up and running, great phone for the money.
I'm amazed by the features of this phone I love it it works great and it is very fast I would recommend the finger print scanner works great and also there is the backup password just in case great buy
Love it
in excellent conditionThe only observation is the quality that plays videos in high resolution as the camera I goproheadline for you review
I love my S5 mini! I thought it'd be too big for me, since I had an S3 mini, but it is perfect. It's also faster than the S3. I'm very happy with my purchase and appreciative of the fast shipping!
Is ok for my
Excelent
Works great and price is much better than its full size brother! I have T-Mobile and no problems using here in the USA. I'm happy with all the apps, games, camera & functions. The size is good, could be slightly smaller. (The new phones are too big for me.) I need something that can fit in my front jean's pocket; this phone just fits.I'm not a techie, nor in need of anything advanced; this phone by far exceeds my expectations! It keeps my young child happy & busy when we are out! That makes me happy!Six months later and I still enjoy this phone, but had to give an update. The fingerprint id to unlock the phone no longer works. It just won't recognize a swipe anymore; this is not very important, because you have other options for locking the phone, Sometimes the phone will freeze up. The fix is to turn it off and back on again, just like any other computer. I am impressed by the speed and amount apps to use on this phone and still love it.
very nice,
espectacular
I love the phone. Works well with my tmobile Sim but only 3g capability bc it is from overseas
muy bueno
Excelente
Works on T-Mobile USA on HSPA+. Got the new prepaid plan $30 5GB data. Download speed is great almost the same as my iPhone on AT&T LTE. It takes a while (about 2 minutes) to register at first to T-mobile network brand new; don't give up easily like the first T-mobile store sales people I went to. Drove to another T-mobile store and seems to work great. I have not tried this on international SIM card yet, but expecting no problem. My only gripe so far is that the same store sold the exact same unit for $15 less. Oh well...
everything worked fine. I bought this phone to use it in Ecuador. It worked just perfect
Exelent
Good
great product all ok
fine
This S5 mini G800F does have NFC, and it is the international version. I searched the specs online before purchasing this particular S5 version. The other version (US version) does not have NFC... so if you need NFC go with the F.Okay, back on to the other bits and doodles of this S5 Mini G800F. It is an international phone. I bought the refurbished one, and it is was from the UK. I had to change the English setting from British English to American English and changed the time. NOTE: If you do purchase the international version you might have to purchase a separate power adapter! Mine came with a UK power outlet only, so I had to purchase a separate UK-to-USA adapter.It is bigger and a bit heavier. Screen is soo nice. The 3 buttons on the bottom have changed, so it might frustrate those who are switching from S4 mini. I'm still getting used to it. Supposedly this phone is water proof.. I'm not going to test it for sake of reviewing. If you are eager to know then I suggest looking up YouTube videos.Picture quality is okay. I mean, it is a Samsung product... so I'm not expecting a decent stable high res picture like the Nexus 4 or Moto X. If I wanted a smartphone that can take quality pictures then I would've bought something else (like the Nexus 4 or Moto X). NOTE: if you are going to take pictures with any Samsung product make sure you have a decent amount of NATURAL lighting, if not your pictures will turn out funky and maybe a bit blurry for your taste.Battery life is average. One charge can last about a day, of course it depends on what apps you use.I've had great luck using this phone with these GSM (sim-card) carriers in the USA: GoSmart Mobile, Lyca Mobile, At&t, and T-Mobile.
Can this phone work with Att?This is brand-new's?
I love this cell phone. I use it in Argentina without any problems. It arrived all correctly and in time. It's just one finger shorter than the regular S5 , it has very low wait and a great shape and size.Great seller I will buy it again.
I love my phone. I have no regrets on the money I spent for it.
Great upgrade from a Samsung Galaxy S2. I hate big cellphones so this S5 mini was my best choice. I've been using it for a couple months and I can't complain.
This phone is great. Met all my expectations!!!! Works well for me even when i travel. Recommend this version. Mine was refurbished using it for about 4 months now and no problems whatsoever
Ordered from the Caribbean. no problems with the phone. it was exactly as pictured and I am very satisfied.
Muy bueno
I gave it to my mom for christmas she really likes it she uses it for the basic stuff tho the camera is really low qualitty we set it up with AT&T and had no problem with it at all.
Working fine
Love it
Good Product. Brand new phone just as described. Looking forward to buying another one soon.
I definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a small reliable and compact size phone. It has all the features I need and the camera is very HD
I love my mini
Love this phone! Gorgeous screen -- even in daylight! This mini version of the S5 fits well in my hand - and my pocket. Good battery life, too. 16 GB of memory serves well for all my apps.
Perfect!
amazing!!!!!
It is amazing, works perfect in Colombia it is really unlocked
Good
Perfect work's as described
Best phone I ever have hadI lost my first one and I bought it again. Small enough but has all the advantages of a big S6 except for the flash and pixels on the camera
excelente producto
very nice, everything very well.
I love this phone! Great usability.
grated gifts
Hi good morning you sold me a mobile phone Samsung S5 mini unlocked. But it is lock. Please help me as soon you can because I can't used it.Order date Jun 4, 2015Order # 102-7547311-9846656
Excelent
Excelent!!! very good, responsible
I recommend
Excellent Smarrphone. Fast ship
goods
I've dropped this in the hot tub three times now and it worked fine afterward. I wanted a phone that isn't too big for my pocket, yet big enough to see. This has both. I am used to and love Androids. Only things I don't like about this model is that is seems to "crash" a lot (especially when taking photos), and seems to such batteries really fast.
Everything was ok. I had to wait to much because i'm from Venezuela. But the cell was very nice and original!
Ok
ok
So far so good. It's very light weight n easy to use. I love my new phone.
love it so much my wife wants one too, not so big like the other phones in the market, just perfect
Wonderful
Really good
basico
Other than some accesibility issues I was having to get it going, it is a good, solid phone!
great
perfect!!!
I like smaller phones and the Galaxy S5 Mini G800F is an old model but still one of the best phones at this form factor. It feels and operates very smoothly and does not suffer from glitches. It also has a great screen and very decent point-n-shoot camera that will not disappoint. In short, it is a high quality product. I am a little upset that the new iPhone SE is smaller! but still the Galaxy S5 Mini has a higher resolution and is half the price - for most purposes, this is more than sufficient. If your region does not have Lollipop (Android 5.1.1) OTA update, you can easily download the firmware and do an ODIN update without voiding the warranty. And if you are getting this, I highly recommend you get it together with the PThink 2.5D Round Edge 0.3mm Ultra-thin Tempered Glass Screen Protector - it makes your great screen look even better!
Pretty good. Sometimes freezes, but probably due to the spotify update.
Good product, good seller
It works very good until It restar by itself. Cámara isn't as good as I expected.
No issues. Product is good.
VERY GOOD!!!
because i know the product and is very good
Good
Great
Good phone. Good price...No 4G in area. gets 3G HD voice is great.
I bought this for my son who was moving to Spain to work for a year. He bought a prepaid Orange Sim card from Crystal Media at the Madrid airport and he was off and running.
Exellent cell i am happy
Like the Length!
Exelente!!
Bought this for my dad who lives in India. He is very happy with this product and has no complaints yet.
perfect
great phone
muy bueno excelente 100% recomendable.
good
all in time, Great!
Prefect gift and everything worked great. Fast delivery!
Good
Very happy with this purchase.
This worked very well for my son, he has enjoyed using it. No problems whatsoever.
great product brought me out of the stone age
excelente
Very nice phone. My boyfriend upgraded from S4 mini to this S5 mini and he loves it. Fast shipping and great service.
A neat phone not too big or not too large takes excellent pictures
Everything ok!
Great. Great seller too.
I'v had this phone for over a month now and it works perfectly with my Digicel carrier in the Caribbean.I was impressed that the phone arrived on time at my hotel address during my short stay in the states.It was free from any defects and set up was easy (it did come in a foreign language and easy mode operation,which was easy to switch).I would recommend buying it online to persons in the Caribbean as it is much cheaper than the hyper-inflatedprices they are sold at in my country (I saved more than $150 USD buying it online rather than in local stores).
4 stars
Only problem with this phone is that it has to be restarted sometimes because the sound that should get sent to the loudspeaker comes out of the ear piece instead. This can be a problem when you want your phone to wake you up. The other reason it has to be periodically restarted is that the auto adjusting screen brightness gets stuck at the dimmest setting.
Excelente
excellent very goog
Great phone. My daughter loves it. The phone is the perfect size not too big and not too small. I connected this phone to metropcs. Works fine.
Great phone. I really like mine. Sometimes I miss the bigger screen.
Great choice for the price
The phone is nice and works ! My probleme is with the charger it doesnt match my plug
perfecto
all ok
Good stuff thanks guys
great phone
Some times fail
Love it! so far works great
Coming from iPhone 4S which was good until sleep/power button broke,I needed a phone no more expensive phone! (I own iphone 2G,3G,4 and 4S) so I was looking for pne with min 16gb +removable battery+little bit bigger like previus phone 4S+ sd card this phone fit the bill!!! new iphone 5S will cost me 549$ this cost 281$ I saved I saved 268$!! First I was scared about android OS but I got use to it in 1 day!
excelente producto
Excellent product! I am very happy. I recommend this seller.
Good phone. Some of the default settings needed to be changed to work well, but once set, the phone works well.
Excelent product!!!
It's ok.
Excellent
Great phone with good apps. Buy it you will never regret getting one. It exceeds my expectations.
Everything was perfect!!!
Excellent product.
Love it! I only had it for a week now but so far I am very satisfied.
Very good article , I Delivered just in time recommend
Great phone! I think the best price/value in the market of smartphones
Good
Excellent!!!
Good phone and i got it on time but depending on your location you might need to unlock it before using it.
Good phone, decent price. I would recommend it.
good product, fast and 100% recommeded
Very nice features and was very easy to set up. Works well in the Caribbean. . Very happy with this purchase.
It is a very good phone ! Nice color ( Blue) ... but I bought it wrong ( my mistake ) I was looking for the dual sim card one !But it is nice size ( don't like too big screens ) ...For Android users I sure recommend .
It's perfect
Great cellphone
I like the product. Looks slim and sleek. Features are good..
Delivered in time. Excellent !!
Great little phone however it does NOT connect to AT&T LTE although the description leads you to believe it will. It does connect to HSPA+ which is fine for what I am using it for. Still sees around 4mpbs on the speed test but that is slow compared to 21mbps I see on the same network at the same time with LTE. Works well enough.
very good
THIS WAS A GREAT PHONE
OK
A+
Really good
I bought it for my wife. I did not hear any complaints.
It it a good cellphone. I like the waterproof certification.In almost two weeks of use, I had problem with internal memory (I believe). I was listening to music in its app and suddenly the cellphone didn't respond to any command or button. It just looked like it was dead. I couldn't turn it off because it didn't respond. I thought it was because I had it exposed to water, however, the inside parts were not wet or anything. So, I just decided to reset the battery, and then I was able to turn it on again.I bought it to use in another country (Brasil) and its network worked perfectly.
Excelente
Mixed emotions - should be 5 stars, but I had to return the first one because it died after Day 2. I now have a new one and am now on Day 4 and everything is working fine. It was easy to set up and start using right away.Amazon's return process is very efficient and user friendly. Couldn't believe that I could even print out a return label for the package.
I love it!!!!!! Excelente!!
This phone works well in the Caribbean with my LIME(Cable and Wireless) provider. It works really fast, looks good. Has 4G access so the internet is fast. it's the mini phone but it's not too small and the screen is big enough for reading, or playing games on watching videos. I would recommend this phone for anyone.
I bought Samsung Galaxy S5 mini from Amazon.com and using with AT&T carrier in USA. I have received the phone in original samsung unopened box. The phone is BRAND NEW and I observed that the phone is not associated with any carrier. It is just from Samsung factory made for UK/UAE region. It's working very well with AT&T and I am enjoying the phone very much. It's very handy size wise and has all features what Galaxy S5 has. Seller/Amazon ships ontime and found price also reasonable. I took the phone to AT&T showroom and they just inserted the new micro SIM and it started working. I love this phone and very beautiful phone working at 4G LTE speeds, but we see H+ symbol with carrier network. AT&T said H+ speed is same as 4G LTE. I recommend this phone to anyone. Supper seller, super prompt delivery and super phone as they advertised on Amazon.com.
Received my S5 mini today..love the phone and it works well in the Bahamas...Awesome phone at an awesome price. .
Good
marvelous!
Good product
nice one
Excellent
Excellent. Intuitive, fast and full of funtions. Much better than previous versions
protuducto excellent and fast delivery
Excellent thank you
Great. It came on time and it just was i was looking for.
Love it. Better than the G800H.. :)Fast shipping but extremely POOR packaging
Y can't my Sim card fit in this phone plz help? ?
Very good!
Excellent until know no problem at all, works 4g H+ with T-Mobile USA not 4g LTE
veri good
Very good product. I am totally satisfied with it.
good
Awesome product, it came on time and package was sealed. I bought 2 one for my mom and the other for my Dad and they love it. It works well and like I said everything was new. We use Tmobile BTW
Perfect
This is great mobile, I am using in Venezuela and it has worked very well
Amazing phone. Delivered on time.
It is excellent in all its functions. There is nothing more to say.
very good
Excellent product. Everything was received as expected.
Kinda small
I like how small it is. Now days phones are getting to big to put in your pocket. I work construction so a small phone is a must have.Issue i'm having is its slow. Freezes up on me.Camera quality isn't the best but isn't horrible.Overall for the price and size i'm content with the purchase.
Very Good
Like
Excellent
ok
The phone was really satisfing and I really enjoyed it. Everything was good except that the phone had dust when i opened it up other than that everything works and also the phone was from sweden but works in the united states
Excelent product... Thanks
Got this for connection to T-mobile's service using a T-Mobile Complete SIM starter kit (also from Amazon). My wife needed a small phone that wouldn't be obtrusive in the pocket. I love the fact that one can get at the "guts" of Samsung's phones so easily. No nonsense and no issues getting the phone registered.
Excelent
The battery last just a day with medium use and sometimes yo have to charge it during day
Exelent
The Samsung SM-G800F is the INTERNATIONAL phone. If your looking for the North and South America only phone you want the SM-G800H! That being said, this phone still works much better than my old phone even though it doesn't actually connect to T-Mobile's 4G LTE network. Not sure yet whether or not I'm keeping this...only playing with it for a few days will tell. UPDATE 12/24/14: Ended up sending this phone back...kept dropping calls & text messaging kept failing. Had to resend messages up to 3 to 4 times before they would actually go through. Internet connection was hit or miss too. Very disappointed...I so wanted to like this phone!
The product matches the one posted on the internet, good quality, congratulations
The product arrived in perfect condition with accessories and a pair of headphones for gift thank you very much from Venezuela excellent team ..
Small, fast, easy. Seems to have left behind all those inexplicable disconnections on S4.
excelent
Thanks!
Good
marvelous!
Good product
nice one
Excellent
Excellent. Intuitive, fast and full of funtions. Much better than previous versions
protuducto excellent and fast delivery
Excellent thank you
Very good product. Many problems with delivery
Totally satisfied with the phone and its functionalities..was very skeptical when i ordered this because i wanted an international unlocked phone to use while i stay in India..this is simply perfect and handy.would defenitely recommend to my friends
I love this thing! I had the Samsung Galaxy s3 mini and this blows it away. It is a little larger, which I would prefer it to be the same size, but oh well, can't complain too much. When I turned it on, It asked for a pin, so I had to look up how to perform a factory reset and that took care of the issue. It is an international, so it has a funky wall plug but that's okay. Also, you'll have to play with the settings so you can actually understand the language.
Just perfect. European Model.
What a great deal! Fully functional phone, enough guts for most uses, although I'm not a video-heavy user, so I can't comment on that. Pop in a large storage card and every so often migrate as much app storage to the card as you can, and this phone should last quite a while. Good compact size. The battery isn't huge, but its modular nature means you can buy another one and keep a fully charged backup around for more extreme adventures.
Good phone. Good price...No 4G in area. gets 3G HD voice is great.
I bought this for my son who was moving to Spain to work for a year. He bought a prepaid Orange Sim card from Crystal Media at the Madrid airport and he was off and running.
Exellent cell i am happy
Like the Length!
Exelente!!
Bought this for my dad who lives in India. He is very happy with this product and has no complaints yet.
perfect
great phone
muy bueno excelente 100% recomendable.
good
Exelent
Good
great product all ok
fine
This S5 mini G800F does have NFC, and it is the international version. I searched the specs online before purchasing this particular S5 version. The other version (US version) does not have NFC... so if you need NFC go with the F.Okay, back on to the other bits and doodles of this S5 Mini G800F. It is an international phone. I bought the refurbished one, and it is was from the UK. I had to change the English setting from British English to American English and changed the time. NOTE: If you do purchase the international version you might have to purchase a separate power adapter! Mine came with a UK power outlet only, so I had to purchase a separate UK-to-USA adapter.It is bigger and a bit heavier. Screen is soo nice. The 3 buttons on the bottom have changed, so it might frustrate those who are switching from S4 mini. I'm still getting used to it. Supposedly this phone is water proof.. I'm not going to test it for sake of reviewing. If you are eager to know then I suggest looking up YouTube videos.Picture quality is okay. I mean, it is a Samsung product... so I'm not expecting a decent stable high res picture like the Nexus 4 or Moto X. If I wanted a smartphone that can take quality pictures then I would've bought something else (like the Nexus 4 or Moto X). NOTE: if you are going to take pictures with any Samsung product make sure you have a decent amount of NATURAL lighting, if not your pictures will turn out funky and maybe a bit blurry for your taste.Battery life is average. One charge can last about a day, of course it depends on what apps you use.I've had great luck using this phone with these GSM (sim-card) carriers in the USA: GoSmart Mobile, Lyca Mobile, At&t, and T-Mobile.
Can this phone work with Att?This is brand-new's?
I love this cell phone. I use it in Argentina without any problems. It arrived all correctly and in time. It's just one finger shorter than the regular S5 , it has very low wait and a great shape and size.Great seller I will buy it again.
I love my phone. I have no regrets on the money I spent for it.
Great upgrade from a Samsung Galaxy S2. I hate big cellphones so this S5 mini was my best choice. I've been using it for a couple months and I can't complain.
Great phone my wife is happy with the gift :) very fast, great camera, nice size and design.
Works great with AT&T network.
Excellent product. Very fast. Good size... A little smaller that my S4 so... perfect! The best features on a compact, elegant size.
It's very good cell phone.
i'll love this phone for ever, very nice in everything
Great choice.
Great phone
This seller processed and shipped this product at the speed of light. The phone was a gift and the person who received it told me that this device works as advertised and quite happy with it.
Love it!
can`t say anything new about the phone- so many people before described their expiriences. I bought this one for my 12 years old son as his hand is not big enough for hold the basic version)
I bought it some days ago and it works perfectly in Argentina. Excellent product.
EXCELENTE
Excellent phone, very good price-quality ratio.
Great phone for on the go
It is good as expected but I received charger having European standard. It is not as usa so bought new charger.
Great phone
Excelent
Great! I like it!
everything was perfect
Just bought mine in January. Great phone. Nice and small. If you have Tmobil you do not need a starter kit. I did have to go to the Tmobil store to get my Sim card fitted, which was no problem for them. So now it works fine here in USA. It did say it is upgradable to lollipop or marshmallow but I haven't gotten that to happen.
It works with Movistar Venezuela! (Funciona con Movistar Venezuela). It's totally brand new! Has great battery life (it used it the first day a loooot and lasted all day). Has great performance and it's a great fit for my hand (I dont like oversized phones). It has a great camera. Also it updated itself to lollipop when I turned it on for the first time! I LOVE THIS PHONE!
good
So god
Good phone. It's a Samsung, it's a phone.
Upgraded from an older Samsung (non-Galaxy.) My son likes it, many improvements over his old phone. Good battery life.
Excelet
Excellent product at a good price.
I really like the phone, as it works pretty fine for me. With my usage about 30 minutes per day for navigation (GPS and data transfer) and about 10 minutes web browsing (and about 2 minutes of calls) battery last for 3 days. With Skype video call over 3G it drains about 0.75% of battery per minute.Only little bit disappointing issue is that other side on Skype video call sometimes complains about sound and video drops. But I'm not sure if it's issue with the phone or the 3G network.
Perfect!
Great product
Best smartphone I've ever had. Easy to work with, compact, powerful, superb definition, long lastin battery... Excellent
Bought this as a birthday gift and it was so well received that I am going to buy one for myself today. This phone has no negatives turning ondata is spot on and fast with navigating the internet. The camera takes good quality pictures and video. We could not be more happy with thiswonderful little phone.
Works very well as expected and I always find it better to have a small phone, specially with today's huge things they sell.
Was able to activate in Colombia, no problems!
Great little phone, however the battery sucks
Really good
I bought it for my wife. I did not hear any complaints.
It it a good cellphone. I like the waterproof certification.In almost two weeks of use, I had problem with internal memory (I believe). I was listening to music in its app and suddenly the cellphone didn't respond to any command or button. It just looked like it was dead. I couldn't turn it off because it didn't respond. I thought it was because I had it exposed to water, however, the inside parts were not wet or anything. So, I just decided to reset the battery, and then I was able to turn it on again.I bought it to use in another country (Brasil) and its network worked perfectly.
Excelente
Mixed emotions - should be 5 stars, but I had to return the first one because it died after Day 2. I now have a new one and am now on Day 4 and everything is working fine. It was easy to set up and start using right away.Amazon's return process is very efficient and user friendly. Couldn't believe that I could even print out a return label for the package.
I love it!!!!!! Excelente!!
This phone works well in the Caribbean with my LIME(Cable and Wireless) provider. It works really fast, looks good. Has 4G access so the internet is fast. it's the mini phone but it's not too small and the screen is big enough for reading, or playing games on watching videos. I would recommend this phone for anyone.
I bought Samsung Galaxy S5 mini from Amazon.com and using with AT&T carrier in USA. I have received the phone in original samsung unopened box. The phone is BRAND NEW and I observed that the phone is not associated with any carrier. It is just from Samsung factory made for UK/UAE region. It's working very well with AT&T and I am enjoying the phone very much. It's very handy size wise and has all features what Galaxy S5 has. Seller/Amazon ships ontime and found price also reasonable. I took the phone to AT&T showroom and they just inserted the new micro SIM and it started working. I love this phone and very beautiful phone working at 4G LTE speeds, but we see H+ symbol with carrier network. AT&T said H+ speed is same as 4G LTE. I recommend this phone to anyone. Supper seller, super prompt delivery and super phone as they advertised on Amazon.com.
Received my S5 mini today..love the phone and it works well in the Bahamas...Awesome phone at an awesome price. .
Love it
Good Product. Brand new phone just as described. Looking forward to buying another one soon.
I definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a small reliable and compact size phone. It has all the features I need and the camera is very HD
I love my mini
Love this phone! Gorgeous screen -- even in daylight! This mini version of the S5 fits well in my hand - and my pocket. Good battery life, too. 16 GB of memory serves well for all my apps.
Excellent
Received this item very quickly, the phone is great good size, and works really well.
Excelente, 100% recomendado.
I love it! :)
Excellent phone!!!
The purchase arrived on time. The phone met my expectations. Works perfectly in Argentina
The product is well received here in Venezuela , thank you very much .
Phone is amazing! It had an awesome camera (both)and the phone is a perfect size, it's not huge Iike most phones.
Excelent cell. I use it in Venezuela with Movistar carrier and works perfectly 4G
Great phone. My daughter loves it. The phone is the perfect size not too big and not too small. I connected this phone to metropcs. Works fine.
Great phone. I really like mine. Sometimes I miss the bigger screen.
Great choice for the price
The phone is nice and works ! My probleme is with the charger it doesnt match my plug
perfecto
all ok
Good stuff thanks guys
great phone
Some times fail
Pretty much what I was hoping for, this is a great phone for those not big-cellphones-lovers.
Great
it's good
Very fast, good camera, meet my expectations
Great item. I need a little more time to see if there is any significant problems. Wonderful item so far.
I love this phone!! It's really nice and simple to work with. I like smaller phones that i can work with one hand and this was it! Works with T-mobile. I bought it just to see how well it worked and it was great! Too bad I will have to return it because I have another phone that I don't want to throw away yet. I would definitely recommend anyone to buy this phone.I decided to keep it! an accident happened with my other phone...am kind of happy! am even gonna buy 1 for my sister!
excellent
Very nice phone. My boyfriend upgraded from S4 mini to this S5 mini and he loves it. Fast shipping and great service.
A neat phone not too big or not too large takes excellent pictures
Everything ok!
Great. Great seller too.
I'v had this phone for over a month now and it works perfectly with my Digicel carrier in the Caribbean.I was impressed that the phone arrived on time at my hotel address during my short stay in the states.It was free from any defects and set up was easy (it did come in a foreign language and easy mode operation,which was easy to switch).I would recommend buying it online to persons in the Caribbean as it is much cheaper than the hyper-inflatedprices they are sold at in my country (I saved more than $150 USD buying it online rather than in local stores).
4 stars
Only problem with this phone is that it has to be restarted sometimes because the sound that should get sent to the loudspeaker comes out of the ear piece instead. This can be a problem when you want your phone to wake you up. The other reason it has to be periodically restarted is that the auto adjusting screen brightness gets stuck at the dimmest setting.
Excelente
excellent very goog
It's just as advertised....will work with any gsm network ideal for those like me who don't want the very big smart phone
Very good telephone.
not a bad buy, would buy again
Perfect, new cell phone, as described!
I love the phone.
Great phone!!!
Just what I wanted. Works great on Consumer cellular.
It works well, as expected. I did receive a UE version (European plug, and I am still trying to change the temperature to Fahrenheit in the screen)
Really good
basico
Other than some accesibility issues I was having to get it going, it is a good, solid phone!
great
perfect!!!
I like smaller phones and the Galaxy S5 Mini G800F is an old model but still one of the best phones at this form factor. It feels and operates very smoothly and does not suffer from glitches. It also has a great screen and very decent point-n-shoot camera that will not disappoint. In short, it is a high quality product. I am a little upset that the new iPhone SE is smaller! but still the Galaxy S5 Mini has a higher resolution and is half the price - for most purposes, this is more than sufficient. If your region does not have Lollipop (Android 5.1.1) OTA update, you can easily download the firmware and do an ODIN update without voiding the warranty. And if you are getting this, I highly recommend you get it together with the PThink 2.5D Round Edge 0.3mm Ultra-thin Tempered Glass Screen Protector - it makes your great screen look even better!
Pretty good. Sometimes freezes, but probably due to the spotify update.
I like the product. Looks slim and sleek. Features are good..
Delivered in time. Excellent !!
Great little phone however it does NOT connect to AT&T LTE although the description leads you to believe it will. It does connect to HSPA+ which is fine for what I am using it for. Still sees around 4mpbs on the speed test but that is slow compared to 21mbps I see on the same network at the same time with LTE. Works well enough.
very good
THIS WAS A GREAT PHONE
OK
I use the phone in Trinidad which is in the Caribbean works great. I like that it has so much internal storage and the size of the phone is perfect ,easily fits in my small pocket book.
All OK. Work perfect in Venezuela network's
A+
Excelent
Works great and price is much better than its full size brother! I have T-Mobile and no problems using here in the USA. I'm happy with all the apps, games, camera & functions. The size is good, could be slightly smaller. (The new phones are too big for me.) I need something that can fit in my front jean's pocket; this phone just fits.I'm not a techie, nor in need of anything advanced; this phone by far exceeds my expectations! It keeps my young child happy & busy when we are out! That makes me happy!Six months later and I still enjoy this phone, but had to give an update. The fingerprint id to unlock the phone no longer works. It just won't recognize a swipe anymore; this is not very important, because you have other options for locking the phone, Sometimes the phone will freeze up. The fix is to turn it off and back on again, just like any other computer. I am impressed by the speed and amount apps to use on this phone and still love it.
very nice,
espectacular
I love the phone. Works well with my tmobile Sim but only 3g capability bc it is from overseas
muy bueno
Excelente
Works on T-Mobile USA on HSPA+. Got the new prepaid plan $30 5GB data. Download speed is great almost the same as my iPhone on AT&T LTE. It takes a while (about 2 minutes) to register at first to T-mobile network brand new; don't give up easily like the first T-mobile store sales people I went to. Drove to another T-mobile store and seems to work great. I have not tried this on international SIM card yet, but expecting no problem. My only gripe so far is that the same store sold the exact same unit for $15 less. Oh well...
everything worked fine. I bought this phone to use it in Ecuador. It worked just perfect
excelent
Excellent. Nothing else to say.
I am using it in Argentina and it works perfectly with the local carrier. I love its features and its very user friendly. It is my first smartphone and I can see that in most cases I can find things just following my intuition :) Love it!
Works great outside the US. Love this phone.
Met my expectations! Delivered as promised
I ended up returning mine right away. But it was a hard choice to do so. I love this phone. Great quality. And the price is amazing. I have poor eyesight and I just felt I needed a larger phone to use for this reason. Too bad though. Bulky phones are a pain to carry around in your pocket. The return process was absolutely no hasale whatsoever. I requested to return2 days later and was able to print out return label immediately. No hoops to jump through in order to return phone. And if you want a quality phone to arrive immediately and in mint condition, this is the place to shop from. THANKS AGAIN! I will be a repeat customer, for sure.
All Great
Great phone. This was an upgrade from S3mini, and it meets all needs, except one important one. Kitkat operating system does not allow 3-rd party apps to write to the SD card, so it is not possible to use ES explorer or other apps to move files from PC to phone without plugging the phone into the PC. This is a significant downgrade in capability, and I may have to root this phone to fix it. I will wait till it is out of warranty to try, before I do.
Ok thanks
The item meets the specification as advertised, also shipping time was exllent.
Love the phone,not to big
best phone i ever owned . still in perfect working order after almost 2 years. and I have put it through the mill . dropped a bazillion times ,fell into the ocean , the tub, the sink. great phone and I love that I can change my battery out and upgrade my memory!
good recive
love this phone live in the Caribbean and the unlocked phone works perfectly had it for two years now.
Fantastic phone. It does everything I need it for.
all in time, Great!
Prefect gift and everything worked great. Fast delivery!
Good
Very happy with this purchase.
This worked very well for my son, he has enjoyed using it. No problems whatsoever.
great product brought me out of the stone age
excelente
Ok
Excellent!
Excellent phone. The people who sold it to me sent me free of charge the US adapter that didn't come in the package as soon as I told them that it didn't come in the box. Very efficient, and very preoccupied that I was completely satisfied. I totally recommend them. The phone truly is water resistant, my husband has one exactly the same and went in to the sea with it, and nothing happen to it. I was amazed.
EXCELLENT ARTICLE. ALL PERFECT.
Excelent
Good
Great phone as it allows you to enjoy all the good android apps. The only thing is that the signal has never reached the 4G level - I believe it should be sold as a 3G instead
Great product, excellent quality. Worked fine with my carrier. no problems at all.
The phone has performed well all around. I never cared that it is water resistant until I acceidently dropped it into my diswasher! I realized I misplaced the phone and searched for quite a while before I thought to look in the dishwasher. It must have been in the running dishwasher about 20 minutes. (I keep it in my shirt pocket and it fell into the flatware holder when I reached into the back of the dishwasher to clean the filter.) My only complaint is that my phone's ring wasnt' loud enough to be heard through the closed diswasher door when I was trying to locate it :).
Great
excellent. all good. thx
It ships from EUROPE. But,,,,, works in the UNITED STATES with no issues. Great phone
PERFECT
Excellent product and seller's attention first. New with quality seals intact and unopened wrapper. Recommended product quality and original. Thank You
Good phone, decent price. I would recommend it.
good product, fast and 100% recommeded
Very nice features and was very easy to set up. Works well in the Caribbean. . Very happy with this purchase.
It is a very good phone ! Nice color ( Blue) ... but I bought it wrong ( my mistake ) I was looking for the dual sim card one !But it is nice size ( don't like too big screens ) ...For Android users I sure recommend .
It's perfect
Great cellphone
excellent product, fast delivery, very happy
Working great. So far, so good.
Great Phone. Without having to root or make any changes to the phone, it is great on t-mobile. You can only make calls on AT&T, Data will not work (because of the frequencies) without you rooting the device.All the S5 features are here. Tool box. (Your 5 favorite Applications in an easy drop down)Ultra Power Saving Mode.Normal Power Saving mode.Finger Print ScannerPrivate Mode.The only things lacking beside less processing power than a full S5 is a lower camera (8mp vs 16mp) and of course lower quality auto focus.However the phone is still water resistant. Check out underwater 'selfies" . 3ft for 3 minutes.
thanks
I loved
Gosh I love this phone.The size of an" i phone S5"..slim fits in my shirt pocket, really solid housing. Its fast, loaded with options for security. Its a mat looking chrome gold. Did'nt want to size up like most of the newer phones so I took a chance on this, and I'm so happy I did! The delivery was on time and the phone worked right away with my T-mobile sim. Just needed to change the language setting to english and no problems using it. it was out paddleboarding in the first week of having it, good connection out on the water too!
Excellen
Excelent! Greetings
Very good
GREAT SELLLER
Love it! so far works great
Coming from iPhone 4S which was good until sleep/power button broke,I needed a phone no more expensive phone! (I own iphone 2G,3G,4 and 4S) so I was looking for pne with min 16gb +removable battery+little bit bigger like previus phone 4S+ sd card this phone fit the bill!!! new iphone 5S will cost me 549$ this cost 281$ I saved I saved 268$!! First I was scared about android OS but I got use to it in 1 day!
excelente producto
Excellent product! I am very happy. I recommend this seller.
Good phone. Some of the default settings needed to be changed to work well, but once set, the phone works well.
Excelent product!!!
It's ok.
Excellent
Everything was fine
I liked. Excelente phone
Brand new in box, as described. Thank you!
very good
Flashlight/picture flash sometimes doesn't work for absolutely no reason. Everything else about the phone is great though, I love the smaller size and it has everything else I want.
good
Was a gift and it did not disappoint.
Slips the sim card in and it was ready to go. This was an upgrade from the S4.
Works on AT&T, just make sure to go into the setting and change your mobile network mode to WCDMA/GSM instead of LTE/WCDMA/GSM or else you wont be able to get any data, I was about to return it thinking all I could do was make calls and use wifi.
Great
Funcionou bem no Brasil.
excellent
i hate a big phone perfect size and does alot
Good phone... It's the international version, which calls for a EU sim before it can be used anywhere else. That said, my T-mobile sim, unlocked, worked here in the US. Mercate group offered some solid customer service too. Will likely improve with more widely available in the US - as early adoption leads to lack of online support for issues.The good: 1. s5 features, in a smaller package. 2. Price. 3. Availability well before US version gets here. 4. Very light and feels great in your hands. 5. Delivery and customer service from seller. 6. No US manufacturer bloat-ware!A few nit-picks - 1. came with kit kat 4.2 and not 4.4. 2. LTE support is supposedly there, but doesn't seem to work very well (limited band, most likely in the US) 3. battery life is terrible (cannot make it throughout the day, with minimal use). 4. screen isn't quite as good as the s5 full-size. 5. uses USB 2.0 as opposed to 3.0 on the full-size s5.
S5 mini is the best for me.So 100% recomended.
Still works well. No problems with t-mobile
excelent
excelente
Delivered on time and product is in perfect state.
everything great!
Excelente and beautifull cell phonne
great product, thank you
Everything as expected. Love my S5 mini.
Excellent!!
Excellent!
As of now I am still learning step by step operation of the device. So far I am having fun with it.The size is about right and thats why I order this S5 mini. I could put it concealed into my pantpocket. The various apps and operating system made this S5 for me lots of fun.
Awsome phone
Excellent product & service
Nice product, I recommend it
Excellent product
Works perfectly with Movistar in Venezuela. Excellent phone and service .
Got here when it said it would. It was in perfect condition and works fine! I am happy with it so far! ^-^
very good phone, is faster, goo quality, is what I was looking for, recommend, the price was good too, I use and my children loves to play with the phone
Update, April 2016:I should have updated months ago, but basically within 2015 (less than a year since purchase) the phone slowed down a good bit. At the moment, in April 2016, I still have it but it's much slower still. It seems to stall for a few seconds when doing simple things -- touching any icon to launch an app, trying to snap a pic, trying to enter a web address or search item into the browser search field (the keyboard takes several seconds to come up). It's unfair they seem to go noticeably wonky after just a few months of use, especially after the price paid. The camera issues started in under 6 months.I've removed one star because I don't think these phones should degrade so quickly with controlled to moderate use.--Quad core is the way to go. This thing moves fast! The touch sensitivity is very good, apps and internet function smoothly and very quickly (internet might depend on your mobile data service, or wifi quality). And I can attest, from personal experience, that the water-resistant feature WORKS WELL! -- I had a bit of an accident, where the phone was in water for a few seconds, but was back to normal after drying. The speaker took a few days to start working as it did (sounded scratchy because it needed more drying time), but after that, it was back to perfect. Purchased around Dec 2014.
Excelente telefono
The best gift. Clear voice n photos
This phone is very handy and convenient to use by my 12 years old son. It has all the functionalities as the regular S5. The display is stunning. I did not see any lags at all. Photos taken in a little bright background are amazing. Video quality is perfect.I love it, love it, love it.Great asset for the money and will not be looking to replace for another 3-4 years :)
Good
excellent
Great phone and easily fits in the pocket unlike the larger ones.
I love it.
Cell received in brand new packaging with all described accessories. Turned on the phone and so far it is working as should. I would definitely recommend JPmobiles and order from them again
Using in Cricket in New York. Works great. I love that it has so much expandable storage.
Excelent
nice phone,
Great! I love my Cellphone. thanks :D so good!
Except products
EXCELENTE
As expected
100 percent genuine. Came in sealed box.
It works perfect in Venezuela The battery lasts a lot more others do not hesitate to buy it.
Great Phone!!!
Nice phone. Nothing to complain about
Satisfied
excelente producto
Ok
100% recommended good seller
Excellent. Buy it.
excelent phone
very good product
All the functions that I need in a size most approrpriate and not too large to fit comfortably in my hand. My wife now wants tor replace her own S5 with a Mini as well.
100%
Thanks.
Gracias. very good
Works perfectly. Recommended buy.
Got this for my boyfriend and he loves it. He has MetroPCS and at first had some trouble with the Internet connection. After talking on the phone with Metro his phone now works perfectly fine.P.S used in the U.S (New York)
Great phone with good apps. Buy it you will never regret getting one. It exceeds my expectations.
Everything was perfect!!!
Excellent product.
Love it! I only had it for a week now but so far I am very satisfied.
Very good article , I Delivered just in time recommend
Great phone! I think the best price/value in the market of smartphones
Good
Excellent!!!
Good phone and i got it on time but depending on your location you might need to unlock it before using it.
Excelent smartphone
Excelente!!!
Excellent. The only issue is that I did not get the quick charging adapter.
A very good phone, but Samsung still has to upgrade the software to dnhance the perperformance. The first day, I thrned it on and started to play with apps, accounts and things... battery ok, good performance. Next day, installed and updated all ssamsunng an google stock apps... hell!Battery went to 5hrs ave. Lock screen slowed down, etc.Third day, I decided to stop process, turn off apps (samsung and google) that I don't need, publicity and marketing software and the whole crap.After 3 weeks, my opinion as mentioned, Very Good Phone, despite sw weakness that the customer has to resolve by himself and on his own demand.
everything ok, I recomend it
I've only had the Samsung S5 mini for a few days, but I'm loving it!
exlente
A1
Best phone I ever have hadI lost my first one and I bought it again. Small enough but has all the advantages of a big S6 except for the flash and pixels on the camera
excelente producto
very nice, everything very well.
I love this phone! Great usability.
grated gifts
Just Excellent
It is easy to use, lots of features, good volume, nice camara for this gama.It works fast most of the time but it frezes sometimes.
Really excellent
GOOD
NIce phone
It arrived on time and, to date, no problems with getting it to work in the UK
Worked right out the box
Bought this as a gift for my dad. He likes it so far but I'm not in a position to comment a whole lot.
Is a very good phone and it works perfectly in Costa Rica!!!
It work fine in Iceland :) Love this Phone
Love it
Excellent Smart phone. received quickly, thank you. recommended seller
A very good mid-range phone
Very, Very good phone. I encrypted mine so when restarting the login text is in russian but the keypad is in you native language. Just enter your password and you will be logged in.I am buying a second one just so I can do video call without having to go through a secondary app.Best part of all this device and all Samsung devices support 128GB SD card (don't believe the small print). I am trying to find a 256GB SD card to see if it works too.
Excellent
excellent, no problems at all
Good Phone
works perfect
No
Excelent Product and service
And absolutely good phone .
excellent product, very good quality, I recommend
I really like it. No problems switching my phones and it works perfect, I haven't tested if it is water resistant really don't want to.
Great phone! Will have this over a year now with no problems.
as advertised!!! I love it!
Good, I love it.
Very good. I really love it
It shipped several days before I was expecting it. Phone is in condition as stated by seller. Extremely happy with my purchase and I love this phone. It isn't so big that I can't hold it in one hand as I text with the other
very good
Nice
I love it. It works perfectly. Thanks
Very comfortable and beautiful
The gift recipient loves his new phone, coming from a blackberry curve, this is a major step up. No complaints whatsoever. Excellent product
nices
Good productarrive on time
Even though this product was listed for 4g lte it does not work on att's 4g network. Instead, we are connected to H+ -- which is ok, but not quite as fast as 4g.
This is our 3rd international unlocked phone bought and it works awesome in Argentina!!!
love it
Got this for my wife. Replaced her aging iPhone. The Samsung migrate feature is really nice. All her contacts, emails, and calendars just showed up on her new device. She was able to set it up the way she wanted. Overall she really likes it.The only con that she has mentioned is the button on the front is easily pressed when its in her purse and ends up turning on.I will also note that the phone is super light and slippery. It is a little hard for me to hold.Battery life for her is great. She is by no means a power user. But if she forgets to charge it one night she can easily make it through the next day. The standby time is excellent.
Excellent :D
Great
Good product.
fast delvery and good product
Great phone! Works awesome!
Excelent, everything alright
Perfect phone, size just like the size of an iphone 5s, specs are great, works perfectly with Movistar Venezuela, battery life is average it last a day.
excellent product, good quality.
the samsung galaxy s5 mini and all its products are guaranteed and like delivery. But what I liked most was his constant product information path to your destination of delivery and seriousness to trade thank you very much. My score five out of five stars. congratulations
Work's ok.
Love it
thank
muy buen producto.
international fully compatible!
Good
Came exactly as listed. Great phone.
Aceptable
ok
Bought this phone to use overseas and it is great. I am an Apple guy and I still love this phone.
The size of the phone is okay although I kinda wanted it to be smaller. I should start getting used to bigger screens (I was used to the S3 mini). Not really liking the button on the bottom left. I'm used to that being the settings button, but now it checks all apos that were previously used. I expected to phone to freeze way less than it does. Still satisfied with this phone though.
Excellent
Perfect!
amazing!!!!!
It is amazing, works perfect in Colombia it is really unlocked
Good
Perfect work's as described
I've dropped this in the hot tub three times now and it worked fine afterward. I wanted a phone that isn't too big for my pocket, yet big enough to see. This has both. I am used to and love Androids. Only things I don't like about this model is that is seems to "crash" a lot (especially when taking photos), and seems to such batteries really fast.
Everything was ok. I had to wait to much because i'm from Venezuela. But the cell was very nice and original!
Ok
ok
So far so good. It's very light weight n easy to use. I love my new phone.
love it so much my wife wants one too, not so big like the other phones in the market, just perfect
Wonderful
Ok thanks
bought for someone else
I love my phone. Of course the camera is not half as good as the big brother S5 but it still does the job, plus it doesn't feel ridiculously large in your hand.
Very Good!
muy bueno,muy especial
excelente
Good phone
quite good
very good
I am not very tech savvy and this is my second smart phone so I was a little nervous about buying an unlocked international phone as I didn't know exactly what that meant. I live in the United States so I had to buy another phone charger as the one that came with the phone does not fit in a US outlet. You can however, disconnect the plug and use it to charge on your computer. I went from a Galaxy S II to this and I have a Straight Talk Plan. I had to search on youtube how to get it set up through Straight Talk...apparently I had to turn the airplaine mode on and back off before I could use the internet?? Strange but it worked. Now that I have everything set up I love the phone!! Internet and videos are a lot faster and smoother with my new phone. I love it and would highly recommend it! Happy Customer :)
works perfect.I am from Argentina. at first I was scared because in the case said he had only regional blockade and was to some European countries. But then I contact the seller and I confirm that if it worked. Set my chip and was well. It works wonders. it is much faster than the S4 mini I had before.I hope it stays that way.
Great
Excelente
I am very happy whith my new phone. Amazing, when I compare with my old one.
Excellent!
The price is incredible. It met all my expectations
Worth the investment.
Nice phone. Very sleek and nice and fast. Definitely an upgrade from my S3. And I love the size. I highly recommend it although options for cases right now are pretty limited as it is not the most popular phone on the market.
I love this phone! I brought the phone the end of February 2015 to replace my outdated Samsung Galaxy S2. Quite frankly I was skeptical to buy a phone not released by my cellphone service provider, but I read some reviews, watched some review videos on YouTube and read articles for this phone. This seemed like a perfect phone for my daily needs and it is. Since I don't do much heavy duty stuff with my phone. Just the simple texts and apps.Pros- Works with my cellphone provider. (T-Mobile USA)- PRICE.- Fits comfortably in my small feminine hands.- The back cover for the battery feels comfortable and nice. (Reason why I'm foolishly putting off buying a case for it.)- Works well with recent apps.- Long battery life. (About 12-18 hours, if you moderately use the phone throughout the day.)- Has great camera quality.- No flap for the USB port that the Samsung Galaxy S5 has. (It's still water and dust resistant.)- Still has many of the features in the Samsung Galaxy S5.Cons- IS NOT compatible with 4G LTE, but you can get 3G. Most days I'm on Wi-Fi so it doesn't affect me as much.- No warranty.- Noticeable lag in some apps.
Love it great
Excelent service, anda good phone
Really good phone. Haven't had any trouble with it and having it has really helped me keep up with my business needs as well.
excellent product
EXCELENT PRODUCT
I received the phone on time and was able to track it. I've had the phone for a few months and its great. The size is great and easy to hold. The only bad thing is the battery life.
Excelent
Even though I wanted the regular s5 not the mini, this was a great product from what I tested.
Excelente
It works perfectly in Guatemala.
Good
Thank You!
Excellent
Excellent delivery time and the product meets my expectations, excellent equipment, works very well in Venezuela
I received and met my expectations, it works very well here in Venezuela, really an excellent smartphone. I recommend it widely
This device is amazing! It's a dual-sim Android 4.4 device with 16GB of on board memory and 4G radio. The screen is Amoled HD and the construction is slim and sophisticated. It continues to pack in the power of the Galaxy line into a small and sleek design. It may be one generation behind but it packs serious power and is even more affordable now that the Galaxy 6 series is out. Of course, there is no Mini 6 yet, so for now the Mini 5 is the next best bet.
Very good phone, all intrusctions were in russian but thats fine. Fast delivery.
Phone is great, love the speed, smoothness and water resistance. Only downside for me is that my versions(international unlocked) instructions came in some strange language, there was no English instructions at all!
Excelente
I liked this cell phone. This is handy and working fine. I don't have any complain about anything in this phone yet. Its really good phone and would recommend to buy it.
Excelente celular
My husband loves his new phone got it for his birthday it does work with our T mobile plan so no problems. The one thing that is weird to us was the international charger other then that really no problems. When you get the phone it is in another language so it was hard to understand but you should get the hang of it. Also the shape it reminds me of an I phone.
Good quality. i cherished it so much
i love it
Was in great shape..good quality
Love it
I love it!!!
Good
Great
Excelente.
love my phone!
I LOVE IT CELLPHONE
Excelente
excellent product. 100% recommended
Good
Everything I expected at a much better price than its IOS counterpart.
Best phone ever!!!
Decent phone good upgrade from a s3
I thought it was the international version but I was wrong because the charger didn't bring the electricity adapter, However the rest it's just fine.
good
I love my cell phone
Exelente
This phone is awesome :) It works like a dream
excellent experience
Everything ok.
Only AC adapter for correct socket was required
Excelent cellphone....
Great smartphone, the size is just right and arrived very quickly, it works for Mexico without problems, but you need to buy the microchip if you dont have it, it comes with a power travel adapter that was very useful when I traveled to Brazil.
Im so happy with my cell phone
Great phone. I love it... Absolutely nothing to complain about. Arrived very quickly and I was up and talking within a few minutes of opening the box. Works perfectly in sweet TnT.
Light and functional, easy to handle.
Phone was set up in a different language, so I had to do an Internet search on factory resetting the device. After that, it has been smooth sailing. Incredible value for a smartphone of this caliber. A+
love it!
Received on time and works perfectly
good
Very good
no problem.
Best phone ever.
I'm very happy with this phone, is excellent more than I expected.
It works perfectly outside of US.
Bought for my wife. It's just the right size for her and she says it works great! (I have the Note 4)
Samsung S5 mini works well. Good sound (loud & clear) with either speaker as well as display. Holds cell & wifi connections really well. Easy to use, fits niecely in almost any hand, grippy back.Camera is OK, kinda slow. Video is not bad, but nothing to brag about.Good value for money paid.Amazon ordering & delivery are EXELLENT!
Good Phone and Perfect condition!!!
excelente!!!!!
Great phoneFilled all my needs
Really met my expectations
That's great
Absolutely fab
It works perfect!! I'm from Argentina
My daughter loves it so far. She has not encountered any problem and hopefully will not ever encounter any. Thanks.
Awesome!
love this phoneawesome
You really get your bucks worth of product in this phone! It works fantastic and activating it to my service provider was as easy as 123. Highly recommend it!
nice phone, minimal accessories forit.
So far it has met my expectations. Everything works well. It worked in Colombia and it also worked in the United States. Battery works very well and the different functions work very good as well. I even tried it inside a pool and it didn't have any problem afterwards, you just have to make sure the cover is completely locked (the phone reminds you each time you turn it on).If anything else comes, I'll make sure to update this review.
It is an amazing device. This can work in Venezuela within the Movistar and Digitel Network. You should notice that it is a Duo cellphone but with one simcard its performance is too well. I recommend it.
Excellent cell ..... works without any problem in my country (Colombia), good battery life and its size is perfect for handling !!!!
Great Phone. Everything Works Great.
Excellent upgrade over the phone called Blu. This is a phenomenal phone, and would recommend to anyone looking to purchase a smartphone or just a Samsung brand phone. Two thumbs up
Excellent cell phone!!
i liked my fone just d battery goes down a bit fast
It is a good phone, I have just one thought. The specification says "dust and water resistant, Water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes", but the bottom conection doesn't have protection against water, so I think you can't inmerse your phone 1 meter in to water. In general It is a great phone, my wife loves it.
Cool
EXCELLENT
Discription says 4G but isn't 4G... It supposed to be 4G equivalence with H+ and it shows 3G... a little disappointed. .. but phone is ok. .. battery not great with heavy use but that is no fault of the seller.
Fantastic seller. Phone arrived a few days earlier than expected. It came with a European plug, but no big deal since you can just swap it out with a US version. I am in Michigan and use AT&T service. The company store was able to get me up and running with no issues. The did explain that I am not on 3G nor 4G...I believe they said HSPA? ......which they explained may not be as fast as 4G, but it will pick up more towers. I am not thrilled with the camera quality, but that may be my own fault for not looking into the camera specs. I do have dropped calls, however not sure if this is an AT&T problem or the phone (I am new to AT&T, had Verizon since cell phones came out and never had a dropped call). So I can't say if its the phone or the carrier. Every now and then I will be composing a text or in another app and the app closes and I find myself at the home screen. But after reopening text the message was saved so again not a big deal. Other than all that........I LOVE this phone. The size is perfect (I was used to an iphone 4s), the graphics/color is amazing, very bright, and it has the loudest volume for a phone I have ever heard. I definitely would recommend this phone and seller :-)
excelente
Very good
Im using it in Colorado, USA with the AT&T network. I'll be honest, I was nervous about this phone at first. It had trouble connecting to the mobile network. After the initial setup with the Sim card inserted, APN was already set up and after a while (a half hour or so) it eventually connected to my AT&T network without a hitch. I clocked the H+ speed at 7mbps at its highest so far but I'll continue to check the network speed.Phone is great. I love the smaller size, the larger s5, while it may have faster processing and higher resolution, just wasn't what I wanted. I want something that fits in my pocket more than I want a small tv in my hand. It's perfect for what I want and I haven't had a problem. It streams all my music, loads my email, does everything I want. I have had no problems so far.
exelente
Love it
excelente
Perfect!
Best phone ever
muy bueno
Bought this phone for my son. He loves it. I already had on . It works great.
Excellent product
Awesome!! shipped quick
Excellent phone!!
This mini phone is amazing. I bought it to my wife as a present and she can't get enough of it. By far the best samsung.
Everything was correct! Nice Product!
Excellent seller, excellent product, even arrived earlier than expected. Very satisfied with the purchase
excelente
excellent smart phone truly love
Ok
I am very happy with my purchase. I am using it in Mexico with Telcel and am planning to buy a T-Mobile SIM card in Texas. I would recommend this to anyone in Mexico that doesn't want to be tied to an 18 or 24 month commitment to a ridiculously expensive plan.
Love this phone. I have only had it a little over 8 months. I have not had any issues with it and use it on Walmart Family Mobile plan which is no the T-Mobile network. It takes great photos, and I never have issues with dropped calls. I recently traveled to Jamaica and was able to phone home. My conversation was clear and I was able to hear the person I called on the other end very well.I am not a tech person, so I am not aware of technical things that a tech person would want to know, but over all it is a great phone.
excellent
very good and fast
Works good. Takes excellent pictures. Love it.
ok
i love it
The phone exceeded my expectations.
It really does what it says it does. No 4G but so close.
Got this phone for my dad. He was coming from a feature phone and he loves his new s5 mini. Haven't heard him complain about any issues. His first smartphone.
I absolutely love this phone. Glad I spent my money on this.
Love it
excelente
It was good.
Great phone it was shipped before the date thank you I love it
excelent 100% + + + + +
excelent
Works as expected!
i cant not connect with 4G
Excelente
Very good
great!!
Perfect size, feel and performance.
It's a good phone,but the camera it's all of that
all is ok! is a good phone! thanks!!
excelente producto
So far so good, the Samsung mini screen is just about the size of my Galaxy 2 far more optionsDon't really care for the thumb print scanner as id had a hard time recognizing my thumb even though Idid as was supposed to..... no biggie I prefer using the pattern anyway.
Excellent. The phone works well.
Perfect !!! Works in USA. CANADA and ARGENTINA with different phone company
I like..... :)
Great phone for me. has all that I want in a cell phone.
thank all fine!!!
excelente
Excellent buy......
Most wonderful. I really love this phone.
Very nice case.
The perfect phone. hope it lasts for 50 years.
Excellent for venezuela
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO 100% RECOMENDADO
Muy bien
excelent seller!!! the phone works perfectly in venezuela. Thanks
I bought this item in december and shipping was fast. Never experienced any problems with the phone up to now its been great! Thumbs up!
loved it !
Excelente
Excelent !!!!
Good
Excellent
Excellent purchase 100% Recommended #Venezuela
It was great
I love it! It was a great Shop.
excellent
excelet
It's all of what the description said it would be. Thank you.
excelente
Powerful divice. After month and a half using it I think it is a very nice phone. Good disign, excelent size and slick, beautiful colors and quick and reactive to the commands, althoug in my country we have a super slow wifi speed. It din' t have any trouble conecting to my phone service movilnet and the sound is good.speeker could be better, they are alright, but music sounds is great when using the head phones. Battery lasts just around 12 to 14 hour when use heavely during the day. Recommend to downlode applications to keep it clean from auto started programs that comes with this phone. There is a minus to this phone, in enclose locations comunication is not good, not very different from my other sansung phone. I steel give it a 5 start because it is loaded with great capabilities and Is the best phone I have ever had
Yes its great
Excellent
Very good
good
good
Great
Good as expected in Venezuela.
Very good phone.
Excellent cellphone for the price. Fast an reliable. It can fit in your pockets.
best purchase ever
Not the latest phone but it is quick and nimble. I had no problems rolling my ATT plan from my old crappy phone to the S5 mini.
Excelent!!! Im very happy with everything! Thanks
Great
I just got the phone for a few days, even I haven't install the sim, the wifi still works.
exelente
100% positive
Got my phone June 19th and I love it I haven't had any issues with the phone it is the perfect phone for me so satisfied and glad I bought this phone
works perfectly fine.
Product was as described, however I didn't realize what the hspa+ meant. Found out it's technically not 4g, more like a 3.5g based on an older network technology model. Decided to return the item and get true 4g phones instead. Otherwise the shipment arrived quickly, the only issue was that I bought two phones for a total of $600 and FedEx just left it on my doorstep in plain sight, no knock, no signature, nothing. Fortunately I was home at the time.
For me this is a very nice phone. Not too big, not too small. I've only had it for a day as of this review, It came with a 220v adapter, not much of an issue and no manual, also not an issue for me. My home country is missing from every location app, so I deducted 1 star.
perfect cell
Great phone. Works excellent!
Love the phone.Was a little surprised about it's size, I guess I was expecting S5 Mini to be the same dimensions as S3 Mini I had before, but it's bigger. But that was the only surprise.
A+++
100% very good
I love this phone and it was not as small has i taught it would be i am enjoying it.
Wow! Two phone numbers (two sim cards) on one small phone! Everything about this phone is outstanding.
Excellent.
Love my phone thank you very much
Great Phone
Works perfect in Ecuador but I didn't realize that it was a duos... runs very well though.
Works for South America
Good quality and funcionali tu.
Phone itself is excellent. I'm using it on Consumer Cellular with no issues. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the package came with a European power brick. (wrong style plug for use in the U.S.). Its no big issue for me because I already had a charger for my old phone that I'll just keep using but it would be infuriating for a first time buyer.After I charged it & installed my old SIM card, the phone worked for making calls and on wireless right out of the box. Getting it to hook up to Consumer Cellular data took a couple of more steps but was easy once I found the right web page for settings.https://apn.gishan.net/settings/752_17_consumer_cellular__apn_settings_for_samsung_galaxy_s5.phpDownloading and setting up my favorite apps took a few hours while I was watching TV. Then it took another couple of hours to customize all my home screens the way I wanted them.
Love it! So far, so good! Excellent phone. Very comfortable, easy going, useful, quick, great pictures, high quality screen, etc, etc, etc. ..
This is a fine unit and performs just like most reviews.
Perfect! Item as described and performs great! Absolutely no regrets!
Great
very good perfect
Excelent
I enjoyed it came like the seller discrived it .i have no complain
NICE
I received the product , is excellent 'm very happy purchase , would recommend .... it's very good , fast and effective response from the seller , congratulations , very good product ... I liked the purchase, and very nice. My daughters like it’s, are fun and are happy
excellent
perfect
Although I did not actually use the S5 G800H I can only say that I like the size and the physical feature of it.But I have to return because accordingly the model in not for USA and Asian use. Now I am researching forthe the Galaxy S5 mini G800F if it could be use here in United States and in the Philippines. After then I willOrder one from the very reliable Amazon Market Place.
It's a great phone. .
excelente
excellent phones
Excelente!
Thanks
Hello this is austin hill i have a big problem some one stold my samaung galaxy s5 mimi G800H the white one i would like u to shout it down for me in jamaica thats were i live it was for my second son are send me a text with the imei number so i can let digicel do it for me thank u so much if u can help me
Excelent
Very nice phone.. All features as indicated. Only issue I had is the phone came was a DUOS which I didn't want but not a major issue... Just using with one Sim card and of course I have the option to add another if I see the need
Very Good phone but I expected a little more on hardware
This mobile is perfect fit for me. I recommend this . Packaging is standard Samsung packaging.
Excellent phone and it worked in Panama
Great battery life and picture quality
very satisfied with the product and the handling of the transactions by the store.
EXCELENTE
excellent
I liked the phone and delivery on time
I am happy with this purchase. I just started using it and it is working fine. It came open and both my sims function well. I am using it in Jamaica.
I love it ...works great . little hard getting used to all the extra functions on it but i love it.
The Best!
Got this to replace my Rugby Pro that's been acting up. I love it. It's only slightly bigger than my Rugby and the colors are amazing. I've been able to set it up just like my Rugby and my daughter loves the Kids Mode. I've only had it a week but so far so good.
Is ok.
The item is awesome i'll purchase one more unit..
good
Everything is Ok. The price may improve!
Excellent, buy it for my father, not leave me alone talking about the increasingly discovering something new xD
Perfect!!
Absolutely perfect! I love this phone. I had been wanting it for a long time but could never afford it.Then I found the mini which is much more affordable. Its pretty much the exact same thing just a tad smaller of course but I honestly like this size way better. The description was exactly right I got just what I ordered. I got a blue one. I received it right on time too. I am more than happy with it :)
Love this phone, no complaints
thanks, this phone is nice
Great!
Switched from S 3 mini to S 5 mini. Completely satisfied. Works for net 10. Only needed to adjust data settings, which you can easily find online.
I love this phone. Like all other samsung galaxy before it, it meets and exceeds all expectations. After 2 days, my phone fell in the toilet accidentally. To my surprise, it still worked. I didn't have to turn it off or blow it with a hairdryer. All I did was use a paper towel to dry the water off the exterior. 2 weeks has passed and I still don't have any issues.
excellent phone.
Thanks a lot!
exelente
I like it
Excellent!!
a great phone
Excellent
Great phone. The screen looks really good.
great
all good
So far Good - works well in the Caribbean and I have no issues with the phone. Great purchase.
Everything ok
good product
This cellphone is so amazing i like it so much! It has nice apps and i can dowload more. The Software is fast. I love my phone
excellent
Highly recommended. Product and seller. This model works perfect in Venezuela.
Awesome device. Battery can go a bit fast. Works as a charm. Better than iPhone for sure. Dual sim is great.
EXCELENTE
excelente
Really good phone for price.
Good
GOOD
This is a great phone. All the best features in a compact phone
Bueno
Excelent
GREAT
Excellent Seller, great product recommend highly
Awesome phone. Easy to setup with straight talk.
Excellent phone, very fast and completily.. Recommended
i've been waiting for this phone for a year, and all I can say is that it doesn't disappoint me. For a small phone, it has a decent amount of memory reservoir and it's pretty fast too. The sound system is good and the graphic is good as well. The seller also sends me in a box with the package wrapping it, so when it the package gets to you, it is in a very good condition; my bad it is still in new condition. I highly recommend this thing
Good phone, arrive as expected
Great phone!!! Gifted it to my brother in India and he loved it.
Is good
The phone arrived on time, with everything it said it has. I'm really happy and it works great in Argentina.
Everything was OK. Thank you.
excelente telefono
Thank you
Excelente
Thanks, delivery was fast, there was no setbacks
Great phone! Its battery life is way better than the S4.
It is great!!
Celular increible
amazing cellphone !!
This phone was for my nephew who came to visit from overseas and lost his phone at Sears. He loves it but our experience with the seller spoiled the whole thing.
excellent
No fault yet
Great phone works well, I really like it.
The service via Amazon and vendor is excellent. Now to the phone. The phone is great, features and ease of use are also excellent, network connectivity works well on GSM carrier T-Mobile in central Florida, basically I get 42 Mbps speed using their 1700 and 1900 bands for HSPD+ speeds. Quality of construction is excellent, nice AMOLED screen, perfect size for my wife that doesn't need a 5" tablet phone that is hard to balance in one hand. The items that one has to be aware of are it is the S5 mini 3G WCDMA, 2G GSM phone, it a international version made for the African/Arabian markets (Persia in particular) and therefore there is no US warranty on this item at all. Get a SquareTrade warranty! As a matter of fact, you can't even register it on the http://www.samsung.com/za/consumer/mobile-phone/ website. This model has the G800HXXU1ANGF modem that is compatible on North American carriers, the Android version is the G800HXXU1ANH5 (KitKat 4.4.2). For less than half the price of the S5 locked version from US carriers, it is well worth the price and one is not locked in to a specific carrier. This vendor had an excellent price that beat out Ebay vendors as well.
Vary good phone, strong volume!
It took a few calls to get this thing fully functional with our net 10 service and the sim card from my wifes old phone only partially worked after being cut to fit this phone. I had to order a new micro sim card from amazon for .99 and now its working great. My understanding is that this problem is unique to net 10 sim cards as they become married to the phone they come in. After overcoming this minor annoyance and the short wait for the new sim we are very happy with this phone and highly recommend it.
Great item. I love the size.
good overall
the best phone ever
It really over my expectations.
I had absolutely no trouble!! Perfect service. Great delivery. Great phone. Works 100%. Set up service with prepaid unlimited everything through NET10. GREAT signal all over U.S. - currentry in VA.
excelent
No doubt on this phone I like it.
Phone was delivered on time and came new unopened. It's working great and I'm enjoying it.
Excellent product, good quality
Extremely happy with my purchase.
Excelente
Fit as expected Somewhat large Too large
Working well
Great item.
Excelent product. Im very happy.
Ordered two of these phones as a Christmas gift for may relatives. one form: SHOPBEST another from Wireless Expert. Both orders fulfilled by amazon. Phone from SHOPBEST came first it was Dual Sim version. Bad think that it has very strange labels. ON the box it said European SIM only, and inside it was page informing: use East Asia or North Africa SIM cards only. So very strange regional lock labeling of product a little confusing. However - I've tried T-mobile prepaid SIM in both SIM1 and SIM2 slots and both were working;Second phone (from Wireless Expert) came on the next day without any "region limited" lables. It was single SIM card version, and it work on T-mobile prepaid SIM as well. Now new owners happy and playing with they phones.
I am amazed at the price and the functionality of my new S5 mini. I am enjoying every minute of it and is still learing the features. The display is very clear.
Brilliant phone.. Thanks
Great phone and absolutely love its performance. Worked fine with Rogers Canada carrier.
Great phone! Att works perfect. My son loves it, Going to buy another one real soon for myself.
excelente
This is a great phone, I would fully recommend to everyone.
excelente
great
Really good phone got it under 36hrs of ordering.
product as expected, unlocked , worked in my country ( El Salvador ) as soon as I installed the micro sim. product is a DUOS model, so able to put and use 2 sims . only CON was that product version was from Russia, so the box and all booklets and brochure that came along were in russian. Was able to change language with no problem in the phone's menu.
excellenet product
had this phone for a month. everything is great. love the size too.
Good and work with Movistar Venezuela
muy bueno
Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800H Unlocked Cellphone, International Version, 16GB, Black
It works perfectly, colors on screen are excelent.
Great phone! Works well in Argentina! Arrived in time.
Can't complain, it's a Samsumg. Works perfectly
Excelente!1
Great phone. It works perfectly in Argentina with my Claro sim. The only thing is that this model is not 4G. I didn't pay attention when I bought it. This version is dual sim while the 4G comes with the following model: S5 mini G800F.
good
Excelent
Thank you
I bought 2 and it works awesome out of the US. Good product
Great phone at a great price
Nice phone, I bought it for my wife, she is loving it. I will recommend to anyone.
Gift for my wife. She loves the phone, fast perfect size and the double Sim is a plus.
Bought this for my son, he loves it.
I Need It
Happy with this purchase.
Was afraid it wouldn't work in my country but it did, love it!
It's worth the money and more easier to carry around than the original. It's just simple and neat.
excelente
totally recomended
good deal
As with all Samsung products I have purchased, I was not disappointed. This is a great little smartphone. It has a lot of bells and whistles, but it's still small enough to be carried in a pocket. It doesn't have everything that the full sized S5 does, so don't expect that. However it does have all the important things. It does have the qualcom 400 Snapdragon processor, Android 4.42 OS and it has the latest kernel version 3.4.0-2136432 as of this date 11-19-15. This was another good Amazon purchase.
EXCELENTE
the best smartphone ever
Great to have it
Very good, small & easy to carried
Excellent
Great cellphone
excellent product
excellent
Nice phone
good product and good price
Good
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Very good phone, works perfect in my country!
Amazing size. I had the galaxy note 4 that was huge, this has the exact same software just no pen but is tiny and amazing.
Excelent, fast, safety. Very nice device.
Excellent product and seller, happy with my purchase!! Work perfectly in Venezuela.
At the moment it is great and it is working in argentina! Perfetly
Excellent product & service
I enjoy this ph. a lot, I am still learning what it will do. Someday I might be able to figure how to register it with Samsung... So far they don't believe that it exists. It fits nicely in my shirt pocket, I like that it is water resistant.
great phone. Long battery, dual sim card works perfect. Tmobile support only 3G + , but i havent noticed it slower than 4G. For the price,u cannot beat this deal!!!
It was written that this phone is dual sim , but it appeared to be only single , but phone itself is good .
I love this phone, my prepaid sim card works just fine, I had this for 3 days now and so far so good. I've been watching some tips and tricks at youtube so I can use the full functionality of this phone. Picture quality is pretty decent. I considered the phone slightly bigger for my hand but no issue here. It has what I need for my daily use. I use wifi for internet access.
Awesome! Works perfect, no issues. Was a gift and she loves it.
excelente
exelente producto
👍🏻
Everything ok.On time!
excelente producto
Ok
Great unlocked phone, but beware... it doesn't work properly with a 4G network. This is the best phone I ever had, but the lack of 4G functionality, which caused a lot of problems with texting, is a huge downside.
The GS 5 mini was just what I needed!
Excellent
Decent phone for the price. It works well as a phone, is small and convenient. It does not take great pictures. IT heats up easily and quickly unless the brightness is turned way down. Battery life is okay but the battery has been replaced already due to quick drain. Overall, the phone is easy to use.
Excelent, thanks.
It's OK.
love it
Works as expected!!!!
It's a decent phone.
Good
Excellent
Love this phone
Excelent
Excellent! and it's dual
Very good
EXCELENTE
Good afternoon, if my expectations were met.
Nice phone. Works great. This is single sim version
Flawless, much better than any iPhone I've ever used.
I used in Venezuela and works EXCELLENT!!
awsome camera, kool phone
fine
Really good
Works perfectly in Ecuador with Claro !
Nice. it was what I wanted
It works perfect in Venezuela. I had my doubts since the manual was in a foreign language (something like arab). Until now, everything works great. Great purchase!
I've been using the cellphone for a while now and its perfect except that when i'm connected to a wifi I can't make phone calls or send text messages. Anyone with the same problem??
Good phone, very happy with it. It worked perfect in Argentina. The seller complied with the agreement and I aprece reliable only suggest you to put in the item description that is dual sim so that there is no confusion. Otherwise, very happy.Thank You ...
Phone was as advertised - new, in a box, plastic still on it, unlocked. It had European-type wall charging unit tho, so couldn't use that.
Genial
The device was an Iran phone properly packaged and new. It works perfectly in my Argentinean line.The phone is great, awesome screen and the 4G technology works fine.
It's a good phone i find no fault with it
Works good, but is from the UK. I had to change all my settings over to US after I got it
EXELENTE
This phone is absolutely amazing! So much better than my old Galaxy S3
So far the best phone on the market. There is no way anything will beat S5 mini for the price/quality, battery life, usability. Will never understand people who wanna spend a thousand for an iPhone.
perfect
excellent
Was worried initially about the specifics of this phone when I bought it, but this is exactly what I wanted. This phone is unlocked and is the dual sim version.
I love my phone, the right size for me, very clear pics. Its just a really cute phone
Excellent device ... The battery life is fantastic. Simplifying the software is definitely a big improvement. The screen is outstanding, adding fingerprint sensor and a heart. The back deck and its famous holes make it difficult to slip out of hand. And resistance to water and dust to IP67 certificate is something that should be almost mandatory in all móviles.La camera always produces spectacular photos as there is enough light and is best HDR video recording. MIMO and 4G WiFi connection are quick and the power and performance is more than enough games to entertain even complex graphics. In Venezuela it works fine with operators.
Excelent. recommended 100%
Nice i forgot feedback my bad :D
EXCELLENT
Work great, had to cut my mini sim to micro, on issue work good on both networks in Trinidad and Tobago
Good
Love the smooth ness if the phone, nice picture to would recommend
Great product. I had to call at to get my mobile data connected to art. This phone works with the micro Sim card. Transition was simple and quick for me. UPS delivered on time despite the winter storm. Very happy with my purchase and my experience.
thankyou
excellent seller, very good product, all according to the description recommend
Original samsung product: seal was intact, I love it! I was scared of purchasing cellphones on amazon because other reviews (on sIII and sIV) said that they werent original cellphones, but this one definetely is, I even contacted a samsung store and checked it was :) I'm planning on using it in south america, I'm just waiting it gets here. Also my package arrived sooner than it expected wich was great.
Bought 2 of these, they are great phones, They have almost all the features of the full size S5, but at a much better price. You do loose some memory, and the back camera is not as many pixels, but It is a Samsung, So even the mid range Samsung cameras on phones are better than other phones with more pixels that cost much more, but that's a whole different issue. OK so I am using these with Straight Talk, It takes the micro SIM card (and can hold up to a 128GB micro SD card.) you just need to call them and if you already have an account its like 4 bucks for the SIM card and free overnight shipping if ordered before like 2pm or something. Or buy one at Walmart.The Finger Print scanner: Felt the need to do this review for this reason.As I know 5 other people that bought this phone, and 4 out of the 5 were telling me how crappy the scanner feature is. The scanner is the BUTTON, not the screen. The screen is for viewing and yes you can touch it, however it cannot scan anything. It is the middle home button that has the biometric scanner in it. The screen arrows do make it look like you should swipe the lower middle part of the screen.(but that is because they cant make the arrows go past the screen to the button) So if you were having this problem, Go to settings, fingerprint scanner, and re-do it the setup using the button and when you swipe, you are not supposed to try to get your whole finger print like taking a finger print on paper from the tip all the way down, you only want to scan the center part of the finger/thumb you are using(shoot for a spot on your finger you can aim and hit every time), as currently it allows up to 3 prints , as i have each thumb as that is how i hold it to unlock it and then a pointer for backup or if the phone is flat on a table or something. See how the feature works once set up and used the correct way, I'm sure its probably in the user manual, but then again I didn't even open that, nor did anyone else i asked that was complaining about the scanner. So this maybe in there, but I seen so many people complaining when talking about this phone, and 4 out of 5 people I knew personally all were doing the same thing wrong. So i hope that helps someone.Overall this is a great phone, not top of the line like its big brother, not as much memory, or pixels in the back camera. but the average person wouldn't even notice the differences anyway when using the phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who asked me, I would buy it again today in a heartbeat!
Good cellphone.I like it very much
Weary nice cell. Working with two SIM card . Fast delivery thank you .
Excelente
I like the cell phone, on-time delivery. I Recommend this product.
IM SOOOO HAPPY THIS IS A EXCELLENT CELL PHONE, AND THE BEST ITS DUAL SIM!!!
great product, sim management is awesome! it has almost al big brother S5 specs, I love the OS, and I never had a factory unlocked phone, it is pretty awesome that you only insert the SIM and it works magically without doing anything, I have it in Mexico with Telcel.
I will preface this review by saying that I am technologically challenged and I know virtually nothing about cell phones. I was reluctant to spend a lot of money to switch from my Windows phone to an Android because I thought it would require a steep a learning curve. I was carrying around two cell phones--one for my business and one for personal use--until my savvy son suggested that I consider a dual-SIM phone. I bought this one with a great deal of trepidation, and I'm SO glad I did! It is far more intuitive to use than I expected, and I absolutely love that my business and personal numbers reside in the same phone. In fact, I love everything about this phone (although I'm easy to please because I'm technologically challenged...)
Bought this item for Mum as present. She totally admires it. By the way bought it and using it in Kazakhstan. Working marvelous! No troubles seen via integration with this country's 3G or 4G modulation
Good phones but wish they had wifi calling
excellent seller. 100% recommended
good sell
Excelente Teléfono
love this phone, excellent size to a "mini" phone, have it for a few months, works really nice, fast and cosmetically awesome!
Excelente
great smartphone. really i like it
exelente
i had a good experiense with my samsung galaxy s5 mini duos.
Excelente...
Everything works fine just found it weird that none of the instructions were in English and neither was the phone settings.
very good
works in mexico, is fast a have fingerprint sensor
Replaced an S3-mini with this. No doubt there are a lot of haters of the Samsung line period, and the mini is NOT a smaller version of the S5. Understanding that, and not needing anything more than a solid phone, I like the minis for their size and the Android system. The display is clear, the system is more than fast enough for me, and the 64gb sd-micro card gives me all the storage room I really need. I really like the phone. Hate dealing with the iPhone proprietary everything that badgers my wife and kids (HAD to have the iPhones!). Worked flawlessly with ATT here in the states (the phone is getting the 4-stars, not the provider...not by any means). They did supply a sim card with no trouble, just had to take the phone into the nearest shop. Rep was shocked that the S5 mini was on the market, first one he'd seen. About half the price of a non-contract S5 from ATT. Satisfied.
GOOD
Shipped fast, within 24hrs. Brand new, not refurbished and sold as brand new. Exactly what I expected.
Amazing
Excelent
My son loved this phone.
Good
I like this phone. Easy to use however I don't think it lets you use audio to create messages. Also the Facebook app doesn't have a way to edit posts after they are posted. Much different from an iphone. Photo quality is much better than an iphone 5 and the battery life seems to be pretty good. Great size and light weight.
Excellent Phone
This was a gift to my husband. He seems to love the phone. Works great in the US.
Great phone, very light, lots of features, even better than my old iphone! Love it!
GOOD PHONE works perfectly on vzla
just great.
Switched from a galaxy s3 mini to this one since I was slowly becoming incompatible with recent tech. This phone is a little longer than the s3 but still perfect pocket size!This phone DOES use a MICRO Sim card, not the standard Sim card size so be prepared to get a new one if you're buying this!
Love this phone :) well worth the money :)
Runs very well, solid network performance on AT&T. Well worth the price since LTE is limited in my area. Updates are relatively frequent which is nice. I haven't had any issues since I bought it a few months ago. I love the Samsung screens. My iPhone 5 friends are jealous of the vibrant color. Prefect phone if you want something modern but not silly huge. Fingerprint reader is kind of spotty but it feels more like a gimmick anyway. Water resistance had saved me more than once and the screen shows no fingerprints. I absolutely recommend this phone.
In Uruguay work perfectly, it s an amaising phone!!!
The phone met my expectations. Also I received it just in time. Everything ok. Thanks
Good 1
I bought this smartphone for my sister in law and she loves it...
Great phone!
Way better than the iPhone and I've had them all except the 6.
Works beautifully in the Caribbean Trinidad west indies
god
Attention, this is the g800h/Ds. Wich means that is not the 4g version, but the dual sim version. So, the information listed is not correct -"that works on 4g", but it will have 2 micro sim places instead.
Excelente producto.
I absolutely love this phone . It works well, no problems . Work great with my service provider .
Sent it back.
love this phone
Bought it as a gift for my sister. Received the product on time. Great phone, so far no issues, works great.
The best phone I've ever had.
It has problems with the GPS signal
The phone is working perfectly!!
The screen went dark on me and I had to have it repaired. Has worked okay since. Amazon was very fair in reimbursing me. I was happy with Amazon's customer service.
Excellent Phone. Samsung is where Samsung stands.
Bought this phone, like two years ago and I'm now doing this review and it's still working! !!!
excellent
Very nice smartphone but not better than S3
good, buy a phone in 2015. I lost what I need to help me retrieve the IMEI of the phone samsung s5
very good
excelente
I love my White Samsung S5 Mini.It has good size (don't like big phones that feels more like a small tablet, only my very personal opinion)Screen is very bright and colorfullGreat camera (for a phone) even in movement situationsGood battery time, considering my screen is always at full brightness, I think it does very good job surviving a day and a half, but it doesn't last long when I use the gps, maybe 10 hours or less.Woks great, I haven't had any freezing problem, or reset issue.My only complaint is that, I don't know why since I've asked and no everyone who bought this phone have had this issue, but this phone doesn't charge with just any car charger, I had to buy an Original Samsung one to make it charge in the car. I tried several USB cables, several chargers, and nothing, and since I have three more Samsung phones and they all charge with any of my chargers or USB cables, it has to be some problem with the phone. Anyway, as I said I bought a Samsung Car Charger and now charges fine, so problem solved.By the way, it charges normally with any of my Samsung wall chargers.
Gps did not worked as expected since day 1. battery runs out fast.
This phone is a little TOO good...Ever since I gave it to my wife for her birthday she doesn't get off it. It's extremely fast, the battery life is absurd even though she uses it all day for her job (self employed) with bluetooth and gps all day long and when she comes home it's still at like 40%
Excellent
excellent phone
Every thing OK
OK
I have sucessfully used it with various sim chips around the world to include South Korea, Haiti, the DR, USA, Tanzania and Ghana. Its definitely UNLOCKED, works as advertized, seems relatively fast, is compact for easier carrying than the regular S5, and the camera is adequate.Being a newly released item I did find it a challenge to find spare batteries and still have yet to find a charger case so I give it 4 stars.
Great product as it works in the United States. I purchased it and used it their with my Wind account in the USA (it was roaming under T-Mobile). The only issue is that if you are bringing the phone to Canada it is not supported on most networks. It is not supported by Wind Mobile, Rogers, Bell, Fido, etc. in Canada :( It might work with Telus and Mobilicity but I am not sure. So better to just get a Canadian phone and use it both in Canada and the USA.
Met my expectations. Works perfectly in Venezuela.
It was very good! The delivery came one day earlier and the item had all it's accessories and it worked perfectly! Im very happy with the purchase!
It arrive before I expected and I'mvery happy about it... thanks
Great cell phone, delivered on time and qith all the accesories.i didn t have any problem with the seller.
pretty ok but I expected it to look better but works wonders
Do not bather asking for obvious things
i love it
Buenisimooo, El celular llego en el tiempo correspondiente, nuevo de paquete!! Muy responsables
Love this phone. The one I received is a G800F Duos and I don't need the extra SIM card capability atm but it might be nice to have in the future. Works great with my Consumer Cellular service. I had voice & text immediately after putting in my SIM card & I was able to copy over my APN settings from my old phone to get my data up & running.It fits neatly in my pocket & so far has had amazing battery life & much clearer calls than my old Samsung S2 T989.I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smaller size, water resistant phone crammed with features.
good deal, nice price, fast delivery
100% ok
It works great
siempre compro mis telefonos con esta empresa y siempre llegan en perfecto estado y son nuevos de caja, venezuela
I like
Best phone ever
muy bueno
Bought this phone for my son. He loves it. I already had on . It works great.
Excellent product
Awesome!! shipped quick
Excellent phone!!
This mini phone is amazing. I bought it to my wife as a present and she can't get enough of it. By far the best samsung.
I have had this smart phone for only three weeks and so far I like it a lot.
Very nice it works with Movistar Venezuela, we receive it on time
I like it
Excelente
Excelente producto!
excelent
exelente
Good phone, no issues so far. Overall size is similar to iPhone 6 but shorter. Just wish the Camera had more zooms. Overall it is a good buy!
Excelente prodructo
It is an amazing device. This can work in Venezuela within the Movistar and Digitel Network. You should notice that it is a Duo cellphone but with one simcard its performance is too well. I recommend it.
Excellent cell ..... works without any problem in my country (Colombia), good battery life and its size is perfect for handling !!!!
Great Phone. Everything Works Great.
Excellent upgrade over the phone called Blu. This is a phenomenal phone, and would recommend to anyone looking to purchase a smartphone or just a Samsung brand phone. Two thumbs up
Excellent cell phone!!
i liked my fone just d battery goes down a bit fast
It is a good phone, I have just one thought. The specification says "dust and water resistant, Water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes", but the bottom conection doesn't have protection against water, so I think you can't inmerse your phone 1 meter in to water. In general It is a great phone, my wife loves it.
Cool
EXCELLENT
I am not very tech savvy and this is my second smart phone so I was a little nervous about buying an unlocked international phone as I didn't know exactly what that meant. I live in the United States so I had to buy another phone charger as the one that came with the phone does not fit in a US outlet. You can however, disconnect the plug and use it to charge on your computer. I went from a Galaxy S II to this and I have a Straight Talk Plan. I had to search on youtube how to get it set up through Straight Talk...apparently I had to turn the airplaine mode on and back off before I could use the internet?? Strange but it worked. Now that I have everything set up I love the phone!! Internet and videos are a lot faster and smoother with my new phone. I love it and would highly recommend it! Happy Customer :)
works perfect.I am from Argentina. at first I was scared because in the case said he had only regional blockade and was to some European countries. But then I contact the seller and I confirm that if it worked. Set my chip and was well. It works wonders. it is much faster than the S4 mini I had before.I hope it stays that way.
Great
Excelente
I am very happy whith my new phone. Amazing, when I compare with my old one.
Excellent!
The price is incredible. It met all my expectations
Perfect! Item as described and performs great! Absolutely no regrets!
Great
very good perfect
Excelent
I enjoyed it came like the seller discrived it .i have no complain
NICE
I received the product , is excellent 'm very happy purchase , would recommend .... it's very good , fast and effective response from the seller , congratulations , very good product ... I liked the purchase, and very nice. My daughters like it’s, are fun and are happy
excellent
perfect
Thanks, delivery was fast, there was no setbacks
Great phone! Its battery life is way better than the S4.
It is great!!
Celular increible
amazing cellphone !!
This phone was for my nephew who came to visit from overseas and lost his phone at Sears. He loves it but our experience with the seller spoiled the whole thing.
excellent
No fault yet
good product and good price
Good
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Very good phone, works perfect in my country!
Amazing size. I had the galaxy note 4 that was huge, this has the exact same software just no pen but is tiny and amazing.
Excelent, fast, safety. Very nice device.
Excellent product and seller, happy with my purchase!! Work perfectly in Venezuela.
At the moment it is great and it is working in argentina! Perfetly
Excellent product & service
I enjoy this ph. a lot, I am still learning what it will do. Someday I might be able to figure how to register it with Samsung... So far they don't believe that it exists. It fits nicely in my shirt pocket, I like that it is water resistant.
This was a gift to my husband. He seems to love the phone. Works great in the US.
Great phone, very light, lots of features, even better than my old iphone! Love it!
GOOD PHONE works perfectly on vzla
just great.
Switched from a galaxy s3 mini to this one since I was slowly becoming incompatible with recent tech. This phone is a little longer than the s3 but still perfect pocket size!This phone DOES use a MICRO Sim card, not the standard Sim card size so be prepared to get a new one if you're buying this!
Love this phone :) well worth the money :)
Runs very well, solid network performance on AT&T. Well worth the price since LTE is limited in my area. Updates are relatively frequent which is nice. I haven't had any issues since I bought it a few months ago. I love the Samsung screens. My iPhone 5 friends are jealous of the vibrant color. Prefect phone if you want something modern but not silly huge. Fingerprint reader is kind of spotty but it feels more like a gimmick anyway. Water resistance had saved me more than once and the screen shows no fingerprints. I absolutely recommend this phone.
In Uruguay work perfectly, it s an amaising phone!!!
The phone met my expectations. Also I received it just in time. Everything ok. Thanks
i've been waiting for this phone for a year, and all I can say is that it doesn't disappoint me. For a small phone, it has a decent amount of memory reservoir and it's pretty fast too. The sound system is good and the graphic is good as well. The seller also sends me in a box with the package wrapping it, so when it the package gets to you, it is in a very good condition; my bad it is still in new condition. I highly recommend this thing
Good phone, arrive as expected
Great phone!!! Gifted it to my brother in India and he loved it.
Is good
The phone arrived on time, with everything it said it has. I'm really happy and it works great in Argentina.
Everything was OK. Thank you.
excelente telefono
Thank you
Excelente
I will preface this review by saying that I am technologically challenged and I know virtually nothing about cell phones. I was reluctant to spend a lot of money to switch from my Windows phone to an Android because I thought it would require a steep a learning curve. I was carrying around two cell phones--one for my business and one for personal use--until my savvy son suggested that I consider a dual-SIM phone. I bought this one with a great deal of trepidation, and I'm SO glad I did! It is far more intuitive to use than I expected, and I absolutely love that my business and personal numbers reside in the same phone. In fact, I love everything about this phone (although I'm easy to please because I'm technologically challenged...)
Bought this item for Mum as present. She totally admires it. By the way bought it and using it in Kazakhstan. Working marvelous! No troubles seen via integration with this country's 3G or 4G modulation
Good phones but wish they had wifi calling
excellent seller. 100% recommended
good sell
Excelente Teléfono
Discription says 4G but isn't 4G... It supposed to be 4G equivalence with H+ and it shows 3G... a little disappointed. .. but phone is ok. .. battery not great with heavy use but that is no fault of the seller.
Fantastic seller. Phone arrived a few days earlier than expected. It came with a European plug, but no big deal since you can just swap it out with a US version. I am in Michigan and use AT&T service. The company store was able to get me up and running with no issues. The did explain that I am not on 3G nor 4G...I believe they said HSPA? ......which they explained may not be as fast as 4G, but it will pick up more towers. I am not thrilled with the camera quality, but that may be my own fault for not looking into the camera specs. I do have dropped calls, however not sure if this is an AT&T problem or the phone (I am new to AT&T, had Verizon since cell phones came out and never had a dropped call). So I can't say if its the phone or the carrier. Every now and then I will be composing a text or in another app and the app closes and I find myself at the home screen. But after reopening text the message was saved so again not a big deal. Other than all that........I LOVE this phone. The size is perfect (I was used to an iphone 4s), the graphics/color is amazing, very bright, and it has the loudest volume for a phone I have ever heard. I definitely would recommend this phone and seller :-)
excelente
Very good
Im using it in Colorado, USA with the AT&T network. I'll be honest, I was nervous about this phone at first. It had trouble connecting to the mobile network. After the initial setup with the Sim card inserted, APN was already set up and after a while (a half hour or so) it eventually connected to my AT&T network without a hitch. I clocked the H+ speed at 7mbps at its highest so far but I'll continue to check the network speed.Phone is great. I love the smaller size, the larger s5, while it may have faster processing and higher resolution, just wasn't what I wanted. I want something that fits in my pocket more than I want a small tv in my hand. It's perfect for what I want and I haven't had a problem. It streams all my music, loads my email, does everything I want. I have had no problems so far.
exelente
Love it
excelente
Perfect!
Received on time and works perfectly
good
Very good
no problem.
Best phone ever.
I'm very happy with this phone, is excellent more than I expected.
It works perfectly outside of US.
Bought for my wife. It's just the right size for her and she says it works great! (I have the Note 4)
Samsung S5 mini works well. Good sound (loud & clear) with either speaker as well as display. Holds cell & wifi connections really well. Easy to use, fits niecely in almost any hand, grippy back.Camera is OK, kinda slow. Video is not bad, but nothing to brag about.Good value for money paid.Amazon ordering & delivery are EXELLENT!
Good Phone and Perfect condition!!!
Great phone works well, I really like it.
The service via Amazon and vendor is excellent. Now to the phone. The phone is great, features and ease of use are also excellent, network connectivity works well on GSM carrier T-Mobile in central Florida, basically I get 42 Mbps speed using their 1700 and 1900 bands for HSPD+ speeds. Quality of construction is excellent, nice AMOLED screen, perfect size for my wife that doesn't need a 5" tablet phone that is hard to balance in one hand. The items that one has to be aware of are it is the S5 mini 3G WCDMA, 2G GSM phone, it a international version made for the African/Arabian markets (Persia in particular) and therefore there is no US warranty on this item at all. Get a SquareTrade warranty! As a matter of fact, you can't even register it on the http://www.samsung.com/za/consumer/mobile-phone/ website. This model has the G800HXXU1ANGF modem that is compatible on North American carriers, the Android version is the G800HXXU1ANH5 (KitKat 4.4.2). For less than half the price of the S5 locked version from US carriers, it is well worth the price and one is not locked in to a specific carrier. This vendor had an excellent price that beat out Ebay vendors as well.
Vary good phone, strong volume!
It took a few calls to get this thing fully functional with our net 10 service and the sim card from my wifes old phone only partially worked after being cut to fit this phone. I had to order a new micro sim card from amazon for .99 and now its working great. My understanding is that this problem is unique to net 10 sim cards as they become married to the phone they come in. After overcoming this minor annoyance and the short wait for the new sim we are very happy with this phone and highly recommend it.
Great item. I love the size.
good overall
the best phone ever
It really over my expectations.
I had absolutely no trouble!! Perfect service. Great delivery. Great phone. Works 100%. Set up service with prepaid unlimited everything through NET10. GREAT signal all over U.S. - currentry in VA.
excelent
excelente
I love my White Samsung S5 Mini.It has good size (don't like big phones that feels more like a small tablet, only my very personal opinion)Screen is very bright and colorfullGreat camera (for a phone) even in movement situationsGood battery time, considering my screen is always at full brightness, I think it does very good job surviving a day and a half, but it doesn't last long when I use the gps, maybe 10 hours or less.Woks great, I haven't had any freezing problem, or reset issue.My only complaint is that, I don't know why since I've asked and no everyone who bought this phone have had this issue, but this phone doesn't charge with just any car charger, I had to buy an Original Samsung one to make it charge in the car. I tried several USB cables, several chargers, and nothing, and since I have three more Samsung phones and they all charge with any of my chargers or USB cables, it has to be some problem with the phone. Anyway, as I said I bought a Samsung Car Charger and now charges fine, so problem solved.By the way, it charges normally with any of my Samsung wall chargers.
Gps did not worked as expected since day 1. battery runs out fast.
This phone is a little TOO good...Ever since I gave it to my wife for her birthday she doesn't get off it. It's extremely fast, the battery life is absurd even though she uses it all day for her job (self employed) with bluetooth and gps all day long and when she comes home it's still at like 40%
Excellent
excellent phone
Every thing OK
OK
Thanks a lot!
exelente
I like it
Excellent!!
a great phone
Excellent
Great phone. The screen looks really good.
great
all good
Excellent
Very good
good
good
Great
Good as expected in Venezuela.
Very good phone.
Excellent cellphone for the price. Fast an reliable. It can fit in your pockets.
Happy with this purchase.
Was afraid it wouldn't work in my country but it did, love it!
It's worth the money and more easier to carry around than the original. It's just simple and neat.
excelente
totally recomended
good deal
As with all Samsung products I have purchased, I was not disappointed. This is a great little smartphone. It has a lot of bells and whistles, but it's still small enough to be carried in a pocket. It doesn't have everything that the full sized S5 does, so don't expect that. However it does have all the important things. It does have the qualcom 400 Snapdragon processor, Android 4.42 OS and it has the latest kernel version 3.4.0-2136432 as of this date 11-19-15. This was another good Amazon purchase.
EXCELENTE
the best smartphone ever
had this phone for a month. everything is great. love the size too.
Good and work with Movistar Venezuela
muy bueno
Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800H Unlocked Cellphone, International Version, 16GB, Black
It works perfectly, colors on screen are excelent.
Great phone! Works well in Argentina! Arrived in time.
Can't complain, it's a Samsumg. Works perfectly
Excelente!1
Great phone. It works perfectly in Argentina with my Claro sim. The only thing is that this model is not 4G. I didn't pay attention when I bought it. This version is dual sim while the 4G comes with the following model: S5 mini G800F.
good
No doubt on this phone I like it.
Phone was delivered on time and came new unopened. It's working great and I'm enjoying it.
Excellent product, good quality
Extremely happy with my purchase.
Excelente
Fit as expected Somewhat large Too large
Working well
Worth the investment.
Nice phone. Very sleek and nice and fast. Definitely an upgrade from my S3. And I love the size. I highly recommend it although options for cases right now are pretty limited as it is not the most popular phone on the market.
I love this phone! I brought the phone the end of February 2015 to replace my outdated Samsung Galaxy S2. Quite frankly I was skeptical to buy a phone not released by my cellphone service provider, but I read some reviews, watched some review videos on YouTube and read articles for this phone. This seemed like a perfect phone for my daily needs and it is. Since I don't do much heavy duty stuff with my phone. Just the simple texts and apps.Pros- Works with my cellphone provider. (T-Mobile USA)- PRICE.- Fits comfortably in my small feminine hands.- The back cover for the battery feels comfortable and nice. (Reason why I'm foolishly putting off buying a case for it.)- Works well with recent apps.- Long battery life. (About 12-18 hours, if you moderately use the phone throughout the day.)- Has great camera quality.- No flap for the USB port that the Samsung Galaxy S5 has. (It's still water and dust resistant.)- Still has many of the features in the Samsung Galaxy S5.Cons- IS NOT compatible with 4G LTE, but you can get 3G. Most days I'm on Wi-Fi so it doesn't affect me as much.- No warranty.- Noticeable lag in some apps.
Love it great
Excelent service, anda good phone
Really good phone. Haven't had any trouble with it and having it has really helped me keep up with my business needs as well.
excellent product
EXCELENT PRODUCT
I received the phone on time and was able to track it. I've had the phone for a few months and its great. The size is great and easy to hold. The only bad thing is the battery life.
Nice phone. Works great. This is single sim version
Flawless, much better than any iPhone I've ever used.
I used in Venezuela and works EXCELLENT!!
awsome camera, kool phone
fine
Really good
Works perfectly in Ecuador with Claro !
Nice. it was what I wanted
It works perfect in Venezuela. I had my doubts since the manual was in a foreign language (something like arab). Until now, everything works great. Great purchase!
I've been using the cellphone for a while now and its perfect except that when i'm connected to a wifi I can't make phone calls or send text messages. Anyone with the same problem??
Mobile Phone supports features is freed from all operators , but not brought international charger adapter
Great phone! But it is advertised as international version - it is only international in North and South America, as well as Caribbean. So it is not true international globally.
fine
good
PERFECT WORK IN VENEZUELA
excellent...!
Buen producto
Price was right. Great phone so far. I didn't need to pay big bucks for things I'd probably never use.
Excellent
Excellent.
Love my phone thank you very much
Great Phone
Works perfect in Ecuador but I didn't realize that it was a duos... runs very well though.
Works for South America
Good quality and funcionali tu.
Phone itself is excellent. I'm using it on Consumer Cellular with no issues. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the package came with a European power brick. (wrong style plug for use in the U.S.). Its no big issue for me because I already had a charger for my old phone that I'll just keep using but it would be infuriating for a first time buyer.After I charged it & installed my old SIM card, the phone worked for making calls and on wireless right out of the box. Getting it to hook up to Consumer Cellular data took a couple of more steps but was easy once I found the right web page for settings.https://apn.gishan.net/settings/752_17_consumer_cellular__apn_settings_for_samsung_galaxy_s5.phpDownloading and setting up my favorite apps took a few hours while I was watching TV. Then it took another couple of hours to customize all my home screens the way I wanted them.
Love it! So far, so good! Excellent phone. Very comfortable, easy going, useful, quick, great pictures, high quality screen, etc, etc, etc. ..
This is a fine unit and performs just like most reviews.
I liked the phone and delivery on time
I am happy with this purchase. I just started using it and it is working fine. It came open and both my sims function well. I am using it in Jamaica.
I love it ...works great . little hard getting used to all the extra functions on it but i love it.
The Best!
Got this to replace my Rugby Pro that's been acting up. I love it. It's only slightly bigger than my Rugby and the colors are amazing. I've been able to set it up just like my Rugby and my daughter loves the Kids Mode. I've only had it a week but so far so good.
Is ok.
The item is awesome i'll purchase one more unit..
good
Perfect size, feel and performance.
It's a good phone,but the camera it's all of that
all is ok! is a good phone! thanks!!
excelente producto
So far so good, the Samsung mini screen is just about the size of my Galaxy 2 far more optionsDon't really care for the thumb print scanner as id had a hard time recognizing my thumb even though Idid as was supposed to..... no biggie I prefer using the pattern anyway.
Excellent. The phone works well.
Perfect !!! Works in USA. CANADA and ARGENTINA with different phone company
I like..... :)
Great phone for me. has all that I want in a cell phone.
Excellent
Excellent delivery time and the product meets my expectations, excellent equipment, works very well in Venezuela
I received and met my expectations, it works very well here in Venezuela, really an excellent smartphone. I recommend it widely
This device is amazing! It's a dual-sim Android 4.4 device with 16GB of on board memory and 4G radio. The screen is Amoled HD and the construction is slim and sophisticated. It continues to pack in the power of the Galaxy line into a small and sleek design. It may be one generation behind but it packs serious power and is even more affordable now that the Galaxy 6 series is out. Of course, there is no Mini 6 yet, so for now the Mini 5 is the next best bet.
Very good phone, all intrusctions were in russian but thats fine. Fast delivery.
Phone is great, love the speed, smoothness and water resistance. Only downside for me is that my versions(international unlocked) instructions came in some strange language, there was no English instructions at all!
Excelente
I liked this cell phone. This is handy and working fine. I don't have any complain about anything in this phone yet. Its really good phone and would recommend to buy it.
Excelente celular
My husband loves his new phone got it for his birthday it does work with our T mobile plan so no problems. The one thing that is weird to us was the international charger other then that really no problems. When you get the phone it is in another language so it was hard to understand but you should get the hang of it. Also the shape it reminds me of an I phone.
The phone is working perfectly!!
The screen went dark on me and I had to have it repaired. Has worked okay since. Amazon was very fair in reimbursing me. I was happy with Amazon's customer service.
Excellent Phone. Samsung is where Samsung stands.
Bought this phone, like two years ago and I'm now doing this review and it's still working! !!!
excellent
Very nice smartphone but not better than S3
good, buy a phone in 2015. I lost what I need to help me retrieve the IMEI of the phone samsung s5
very good
ok
i love it
The phone exceeded my expectations.
It really does what it says it does. No 4G but so close.
Got this phone for my dad. He was coming from a feature phone and he loves his new s5 mini. Haven't heard him complain about any issues. His first smartphone.
I absolutely love this phone. Glad I spent my money on this.
Love it
excelente
It was good.
excelente
This is a great phone, I would fully recommend to everyone.
excelente
great
Really good phone got it under 36hrs of ordering.
product as expected, unlocked , worked in my country ( El Salvador ) as soon as I installed the micro sim. product is a DUOS model, so able to put and use 2 sims . only CON was that product version was from Russia, so the box and all booklets and brochure that came along were in russian. Was able to change language with no problem in the phone's menu.
excellenet product
So far Good - works well in the Caribbean and I have no issues with the phone. Great purchase.
Everything ok
good product
This cellphone is so amazing i like it so much! It has nice apps and i can dowload more. The Software is fast. I love my phone
excellent
Highly recommended. Product and seller. This model works perfect in Venezuela.
Awesome device. Battery can go a bit fast. Works as a charm. Better than iPhone for sure. Dual sim is great.
EXCELENTE
excelente
Really good phone for price.
i love it
Buenisimooo, El celular llego en el tiempo correspondiente, nuevo de paquete!! Muy responsables
Love this phone. The one I received is a G800F Duos and I don't need the extra SIM card capability atm but it might be nice to have in the future. Works great with my Consumer Cellular service. I had voice & text immediately after putting in my SIM card & I was able to copy over my APN settings from my old phone to get my data up & running.It fits neatly in my pocket & so far has had amazing battery life & much clearer calls than my old Samsung S2 T989.I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smaller size, water resistant phone crammed with features.
Rápido y eficiente el proceso de compra y envío! Lo recomiendo!
good deal, nice price, fast delivery
100% ok
It works great
siempre compro mis telefonos con esta empresa y siempre llegan en perfecto estado y son nuevos de caja, venezuela
I like
My daughter loves it so far. She has not encountered any problem and hopefully will not ever encounter any. Thanks.
Awesome!
love this phoneawesome
You really get your bucks worth of product in this phone! It works fantastic and activating it to my service provider was as easy as 123. Highly recommend it!
nice phone, minimal accessories forit.
So far it has met my expectations. Everything works well. It worked in Colombia and it also worked in the United States. Battery works very well and the different functions work very good as well. I even tried it inside a pool and it didn't have any problem afterwards, you just have to make sure the cover is completely locked (the phone reminds you each time you turn it on).If anything else comes, I'll make sure to update this review.
works in mexico, is fast a have fingerprint sensor
Replaced an S3-mini with this. No doubt there are a lot of haters of the Samsung line period, and the mini is NOT a smaller version of the S5. Understanding that, and not needing anything more than a solid phone, I like the minis for their size and the Android system. The display is clear, the system is more than fast enough for me, and the 64gb sd-micro card gives me all the storage room I really need. I really like the phone. Hate dealing with the iPhone proprietary everything that badgers my wife and kids (HAD to have the iPhones!). Worked flawlessly with ATT here in the states (the phone is getting the 4-stars, not the provider...not by any means). They did supply a sim card with no trouble, just had to take the phone into the nearest shop. Rep was shocked that the S5 mini was on the market, first one he'd seen. About half the price of a non-contract S5 from ATT. Satisfied.
GOOD
Shipped fast, within 24hrs. Brand new, not refurbished and sold as brand new. Exactly what I expected.
Amazing
Excelent
My son loved this phone.
Good
I like this phone. Easy to use however I don't think it lets you use audio to create messages. Also the Facebook app doesn't have a way to edit posts after they are posted. Much different from an iphone. Photo quality is much better than an iphone 5 and the battery life seems to be pretty good. Great size and light weight.
Excellent Phone
I have had this smart phone for only three weeks and so far I like it a lot.
Easy to use. Works excellent in Trinidad and Tobago.
Very nice it works with Movistar Venezuela, we receive it on time
I like it
Excelente
Excelente producto!
excelent
exelente
Good phone, no issues so far. Overall size is similar to iPhone 6 but shorter. Just wish the Camera had more zooms. Overall it is a good buy!
Excelente prodructo
Excelent. recommended 100%
Nice i forgot feedback my bad :D
EXCELLENT
Work great, had to cut my mini sim to micro, on issue work good on both networks in Trinidad and Tobago
Good
Love the smooth ness if the phone, nice picture to would recommend
Great product. I had to call at to get my mobile data connected to art. This phone works with the micro Sim card. Transition was simple and quick for me. UPS delivered on time despite the winter storm. Very happy with my purchase and my experience.
thankyou
For me this is a very nice phone. Not too big, not too small. I've only had it for a day as of this review, It came with a 220v adapter, not much of an issue and no manual, also not an issue for me. My home country is missing from every location app, so I deducted 1 star.
perfect cell
Great phone. Works excellent!
Love the phone.Was a little surprised about it's size, I guess I was expecting S5 Mini to be the same dimensions as S3 Mini I had before, but it's bigger. But that was the only surprise.
A+++
100% very good
I love this phone and it was not as small has i taught it would be i am enjoying it.
Wow! Two phone numbers (two sim cards) on one small phone! Everything about this phone is outstanding.
Great to have it
Very good, small & easy to carried
Excellent
Great cellphone
excellent product
excellent
Nice phone
Although I did not actually use the S5 G800H I can only say that I like the size and the physical feature of it.But I have to return because accordingly the model in not for USA and Asian use. Now I am researching forthe the Galaxy S5 mini G800F if it could be use here in United States and in the Philippines. After then I willOrder one from the very reliable Amazon Market Place.
It's a great phone. .
excelente
excellent phones
Excelente!
Thanks
Hello this is austin hill i have a big problem some one stold my samaung galaxy s5 mimi G800H the white one i would like u to shout it down for me in jamaica thats were i live it was for my second son are send me a text with the imei number so i can let digicel do it for me thank u so much if u can help me
Excelent
Excelent
Thank you
I bought 2 and it works awesome out of the US. Good product
Great phone at a great price
Nice phone, I bought it for my wife, she is loving it. I will recommend to anyone.
Gift for my wife. She loves the phone, fast perfect size and the double Sim is a plus.
Bought this for my son, he loves it.
I Need It
Sent it back.
love this phone
Bought it as a gift for my sister. Received the product on time. Great phone, so far no issues, works great.
The best phone I've ever had.
It has problems with the GPS signal
Excellent
Decent phone for the price. It works well as a phone, is small and convenient. It does not take great pictures. IT heats up easily and quickly unless the brightness is turned way down. Battery life is okay but the battery has been replaced already due to quick drain. Overall, the phone is easy to use.
Excelent, thanks.
It's OK.
love it
Works as expected!!!!
It's a decent phone.
Good
Everything ok.
Only AC adapter for correct socket was required
Excelent cellphone....
Great smartphone, the size is just right and arrived very quickly, it works for Mexico without problems, but you need to buy the microchip if you dont have it, it comes with a power travel adapter that was very useful when I traveled to Brazil.
Im so happy with my cell phone
Great phone. I love it... Absolutely nothing to complain about. Arrived very quickly and I was up and talking within a few minutes of opening the box. Works perfectly in sweet TnT.
Light and functional, easy to handle.
Phone was set up in a different language, so I had to do an Internet search on factory resetting the device. After that, it has been smooth sailing. Incredible value for a smartphone of this caliber. A+
love it!
best purchase ever
Not the latest phone but it is quick and nimble. I had no problems rolling my ATT plan from my old crappy phone to the S5 mini.
Excelent!!! Im very happy with everything! Thanks
Great
I just got the phone for a few days, even I haven't install the sim, the wifi still works.
exelente
100% positive
Got my phone June 19th and I love it I haven't had any issues with the phone it is the perfect phone for me so satisfied and glad I bought this phone
works perfectly fine.
Product was as described, however I didn't realize what the hspa+ meant. Found out it's technically not 4g, more like a 3.5g based on an older network technology model. Decided to return the item and get true 4g phones instead. Otherwise the shipment arrived quickly, the only issue was that I bought two phones for a total of $600 and FedEx just left it on my doorstep in plain sight, no knock, no signature, nothing. Fortunately I was home at the time.
excellent
excelet
It's all of what the description said it would be. Thank you.
excelente
Powerful divice. After month and a half using it I think it is a very nice phone. Good disign, excelent size and slick, beautiful colors and quick and reactive to the commands, althoug in my country we have a super slow wifi speed. It din' t have any trouble conecting to my phone service movilnet and the sound is good.speeker could be better, they are alright, but music sounds is great when using the head phones. Battery lasts just around 12 to 14 hour when use heavely during the day. Recommend to downlode applications to keep it clean from auto started programs that comes with this phone. There is a minus to this phone, in enclose locations comunication is not good, not very different from my other sansung phone. I steel give it a 5 start because it is loaded with great capabilities and Is the best phone I have ever had
Yes its great
excelente!!!!!
Great phoneFilled all my needs
Really met my expectations
That's great
Absolutely fab
It works perfect!! I'm from Argentina
Good 1
I bought this smartphone for my sister in law and she loves it...
Great phone!
Way better than the iPhone and I've had them all except the 6.
Works beautifully in the Caribbean Trinidad west indies
god
Attention, this is the g800h/Ds. Wich means that is not the 4g version, but the dual sim version. So, the information listed is not correct -"that works on 4g", but it will have 2 micro sim places instead.
Excelente producto.
I absolutely love this phone . It works well, no problems . Work great with my service provider .
Great phone it was shipped before the date thank you I love it
excelent 100% + + + + +
excelent
Works as expected!
i cant not connect with 4G
Excelente
Very good
great!!
love this phone, excellent size to a "mini" phone, have it for a few months, works really nice, fast and cosmetically awesome!
Excelente
great smartphone. really i like it
exelente
i had a good experiense with my samsung galaxy s5 mini duos.
Excelente...
Everything works fine just found it weird that none of the instructions were in English and neither was the phone settings.
very good
Everything was correct! Nice Product!
Excellent seller, excellent product, even arrived earlier than expected. Very satisfied with the purchase
excelente
excellent smart phone truly love
Ok
I am very happy with my purchase. I am using it in Mexico with Telcel and am planning to buy a T-Mobile SIM card in Texas. I would recommend this to anyone in Mexico that doesn't want to be tied to an 18 or 24 month commitment to a ridiculously expensive plan.
Love this phone. I have only had it a little over 8 months. I have not had any issues with it and use it on Walmart Family Mobile plan which is no the T-Mobile network. It takes great photos, and I never have issues with dropped calls. I recently traveled to Jamaica and was able to phone home. My conversation was clear and I was able to hear the person I called on the other end very well.I am not a tech person, so I am not aware of technical things that a tech person would want to know, but over all it is a great phone.
excellent
very good and fast
Works good. Takes excellent pictures. Love it.
Very nice phone.. All features as indicated. Only issue I had is the phone came was a DUOS which I didn't want but not a major issue... Just using with one Sim card and of course I have the option to add another if I see the need
Very Good phone but I expected a little more on hardware
This mobile is perfect fit for me. I recommend this . Packaging is standard Samsung packaging.
Excellent phone and it worked in Panama
Great battery life and picture quality
very satisfied with the product and the handling of the transactions by the store.
EXCELENTE
excellent
Excelent
Even though I wanted the regular s5 not the mini, this was a great product from what I tested.
Excelente
It works perfectly in Guatemala.
Good
Thank You!
Everything is Ok. The price may improve!
Excellent, buy it for my father, not leave me alone talking about the increasingly discovering something new xD
Perfect!!
Absolutely perfect! I love this phone. I had been wanting it for a long time but could never afford it.Then I found the mini which is much more affordable. Its pretty much the exact same thing just a tad smaller of course but I honestly like this size way better. The description was exactly right I got just what I ordered. I got a blue one. I received it right on time too. I am more than happy with it :)
Love this phone, no complaints
thanks, this phone is nice
Great!
Switched from S 3 mini to S 5 mini. Completely satisfied. Works for net 10. Only needed to adjust data settings, which you can easily find online.
I love this phone. Like all other samsung galaxy before it, it meets and exceeds all expectations. After 2 days, my phone fell in the toilet accidentally. To my surprise, it still worked. I didn't have to turn it off or blow it with a hairdryer. All I did was use a paper towel to dry the water off the exterior. 2 weeks has passed and I still don't have any issues.
excellent phone.
Good phone, very happy with it. It worked perfect in Argentina. The seller complied with the agreement and I aprece reliable only suggest you to put in the item description that is dual sim so that there is no confusion. Otherwise, very happy.Thank You ...
Phone was as advertised - new, in a box, plastic still on it, unlocked. It had European-type wall charging unit tho, so couldn't use that.
Genial
The device was an Iran phone properly packaged and new. It works perfectly in my Argentinean line.The phone is great, awesome screen and the 4G technology works fine.
It's a good phone i find no fault with it
Works good, but is from the UK. I had to change all my settings over to US after I got it
EXELENTE
This phone is absolutely amazing! So much better than my old Galaxy S3
It is an amazing device. This can work in Venezuela within the Movistar and Digitel Network. You should notice that it is a Duo cellphone but with one simcard its performance is too well. I recommend it.
Excellent cell ..... works without any problem in my country (Colombia), good battery life and its size is perfect for handling !!!!
Great Phone. Everything Works Great.
Excellent upgrade over the phone called Blu. This is a phenomenal phone, and would recommend to anyone looking to purchase a smartphone or just a Samsung brand phone. Two thumbs up
Excellent cell phone!!
i liked my fone just d battery goes down a bit fast
It is a good phone, I have just one thought. The specification says "dust and water resistant, Water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes", but the bottom conection doesn't have protection against water, so I think you can't inmerse your phone 1 meter in to water. In general It is a great phone, my wife loves it.
Cool
EXCELLENT
excelente
exelente producto
👍🏻
Everything ok.On time!
excelente producto
Ok
Great unlocked phone, but beware... it doesn't work properly with a 4G network. This is the best phone I ever had, but the lack of 4G functionality, which caused a lot of problems with texting, is a huge downside.
The GS 5 mini was just what I needed!
thank all fine!!!
excelente
Excellent buy......
Most wonderful. I really love this phone.
Very nice case.
The perfect phone. hope it lasts for 50 years.
Excellent for venezuela
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO 100% RECOMENDADO
Muy bien
I am not very tech savvy and this is my second smart phone so I was a little nervous about buying an unlocked international phone as I didn't know exactly what that meant. I live in the United States so I had to buy another phone charger as the one that came with the phone does not fit in a US outlet. You can however, disconnect the plug and use it to charge on your computer. I went from a Galaxy S II to this and I have a Straight Talk Plan. I had to search on youtube how to get it set up through Straight Talk...apparently I had to turn the airplaine mode on and back off before I could use the internet?? Strange but it worked. Now that I have everything set up I love the phone!! Internet and videos are a lot faster and smoother with my new phone. I love it and would highly recommend it! Happy Customer :)
works perfect.I am from Argentina. at first I was scared because in the case said he had only regional blockade and was to some European countries. But then I contact the seller and I confirm that if it worked. Set my chip and was well. It works wonders. it is much faster than the S4 mini I had before.I hope it stays that way.
Great
Excelente
I am very happy whith my new phone. Amazing, when I compare with my old one.
Excellent!
The price is incredible. It met all my expectations
Good
GOOD
This is a great phone. All the best features in a compact phone
Bueno
Excelent
GREAT
Excellent Seller, great product recommend highly
Awesome phone. Easy to setup with straight talk.
Excellent phone, very fast and completily.. Recommended
Excelente.
love my phone!
I LOVE IT CELLPHONE
Excelente
excellent product. 100% recommended
Good
Received on time and works perfectly
good
Very good
no problem.
Best phone ever.
I'm very happy with this phone, is excellent more than I expected.
It works perfectly outside of US.
Bought for my wife. It's just the right size for her and she says it works great! (I have the Note 4)
Good Phone and Perfect condition!!!
Excellent
Love this phone
Excelent
Excellent! and it's dual
Very good
EXCELENTE
Good afternoon, if my expectations were met.
This phone was for my nephew who came to visit from overseas and lost his phone at Sears. He loves it but our experience with the seller spoiled the whole thing.
No fault yet
Excellent
Very good
good
good
Great
Good as expected in Venezuela.
Very good phone.
Excellent cellphone for the price. Fast an reliable. It can fit in your pockets.
Best phone ever
muy bueno
Bought this phone for my son. He loves it. I already had on . It works great.
Excellent product
Awesome!! shipped quick
Excellent phone!!
This mini phone is amazing. I bought it to my wife as a present and she can't get enough of it. By far the best samsung.
Mobile Phone supports features is freed from all operators , but not brought international charger adapter
Great phone! But it is advertised as international version - it is only international in North and South America, as well as Caribbean. So it is not true international globally.
fine
good
excellent...!
Buen producto
Price was right. Great phone so far. I didn't need to pay big bucks for things I'd probably never use.
Excellent
excelent seller!!! the phone works perfectly in venezuela. Thanks
loved it !
Excelente
Excelent !!!!
Good
Excellent
Excellent purchase 100% Recommended #Venezuela
It was great
I love it! It was a great Shop.
This was a gift to my husband. He seems to love the phone. Works great in the US.
Great phone, very light, lots of features, even better than my old iphone! Love it!
just great.
Switched from a galaxy s3 mini to this one since I was slowly becoming incompatible with recent tech. This phone is a little longer than the s3 but still perfect pocket size!This phone DOES use a MICRO Sim card, not the standard Sim card size so be prepared to get a new one if you're buying this!
Love this phone :) well worth the money :)
Runs very well, solid network performance on AT&T. Well worth the price since LTE is limited in my area. Updates are relatively frequent which is nice. I haven't had any issues since I bought it a few months ago. I love the Samsung screens. My iPhone 5 friends are jealous of the vibrant color. Prefect phone if you want something modern but not silly huge. Fingerprint reader is kind of spotty but it feels more like a gimmick anyway. Water resistance had saved me more than once and the screen shows no fingerprints. I absolutely recommend this phone.
The phone met my expectations. Also I received it just in time. Everything ok. Thanks
Discription says 4G but isn't 4G... It supposed to be 4G equivalence with H+ and it shows 3G... a little disappointed. .. but phone is ok. .. battery not great with heavy use but that is no fault of the seller.
Fantastic seller. Phone arrived a few days earlier than expected. It came with a European plug, but no big deal since you can just swap it out with a US version. I am in Michigan and use AT&T service. The company store was able to get me up and running with no issues. The did explain that I am not on 3G nor 4G...I believe they said HSPA? ......which they explained may not be as fast as 4G, but it will pick up more towers. I am not thrilled with the camera quality, but that may be my own fault for not looking into the camera specs. I do have dropped calls, however not sure if this is an AT&T problem or the phone (I am new to AT&T, had Verizon since cell phones came out and never had a dropped call). So I can't say if its the phone or the carrier. Every now and then I will be composing a text or in another app and the app closes and I find myself at the home screen. But after reopening text the message was saved so again not a big deal. Other than all that........I LOVE this phone. The size is perfect (I was used to an iphone 4s), the graphics/color is amazing, very bright, and it has the loudest volume for a phone I have ever heard. I definitely would recommend this phone and seller :-)
excelente
Very good
Im using it in Colorado, USA with the AT&T network. I'll be honest, I was nervous about this phone at first. It had trouble connecting to the mobile network. After the initial setup with the Sim card inserted, APN was already set up and after a while (a half hour or so) it eventually connected to my AT&T network without a hitch. I clocked the H+ speed at 7mbps at its highest so far but I'll continue to check the network speed.Phone is great. I love the smaller size, the larger s5, while it may have faster processing and higher resolution, just wasn't what I wanted. I want something that fits in my pocket more than I want a small tv in my hand. It's perfect for what I want and I haven't had a problem. It streams all my music, loads my email, does everything I want. I have had no problems so far.
exelente
Love it
excelente
Perfect!
I will preface this review by saying that I am technologically challenged and I know virtually nothing about cell phones. I was reluctant to spend a lot of money to switch from my Windows phone to an Android because I thought it would require a steep a learning curve. I was carrying around two cell phones--one for my business and one for personal use--until my savvy son suggested that I consider a dual-SIM phone. I bought this one with a great deal of trepidation, and I'm SO glad I did! It is far more intuitive to use than I expected, and I absolutely love that my business and personal numbers reside in the same phone. In fact, I love everything about this phone (although I'm easy to please because I'm technologically challenged...)
Bought this item for Mum as present. She totally admires it. By the way bought it and using it in Kazakhstan. Working marvelous! No troubles seen via integration with this country's 3G or 4G modulation
Good phones but wish they had wifi calling
excellent seller. 100% recommended
good sell
Excelente Teléfono
excellent seller, very good product, all according to the description recommend
Original samsung product: seal was intact, I love it! I was scared of purchasing cellphones on amazon because other reviews (on sIII and sIV) said that they werent original cellphones, but this one definetely is, I even contacted a samsung store and checked it was :) I'm planning on using it in south america, I'm just waiting it gets here. Also my package arrived sooner than it expected wich was great.
Bought 2 of these, they are great phones, They have almost all the features of the full size S5, but at a much better price. You do loose some memory, and the back camera is not as many pixels, but It is a Samsung, So even the mid range Samsung cameras on phones are better than other phones with more pixels that cost much more, but that's a whole different issue. OK so I am using these with Straight Talk, It takes the micro SIM card (and can hold up to a 128GB micro SD card.) you just need to call them and if you already have an account its like 4 bucks for the SIM card and free overnight shipping if ordered before like 2pm or something. Or buy one at Walmart.The Finger Print scanner: Felt the need to do this review for this reason.As I know 5 other people that bought this phone, and 4 out of the 5 were telling me how crappy the scanner feature is. The scanner is the BUTTON, not the screen. The screen is for viewing and yes you can touch it, however it cannot scan anything. It is the middle home button that has the biometric scanner in it. The screen arrows do make it look like you should swipe the lower middle part of the screen.(but that is because they cant make the arrows go past the screen to the button) So if you were having this problem, Go to settings, fingerprint scanner, and re-do it the setup using the button and when you swipe, you are not supposed to try to get your whole finger print like taking a finger print on paper from the tip all the way down, you only want to scan the center part of the finger/thumb you are using(shoot for a spot on your finger you can aim and hit every time), as currently it allows up to 3 prints , as i have each thumb as that is how i hold it to unlock it and then a pointer for backup or if the phone is flat on a table or something. See how the feature works once set up and used the correct way, I'm sure its probably in the user manual, but then again I didn't even open that, nor did anyone else i asked that was complaining about the scanner. So this maybe in there, but I seen so many people complaining when talking about this phone, and 4 out of 5 people I knew personally all were doing the same thing wrong. So i hope that helps someone.Overall this is a great phone, not top of the line like its big brother, not as much memory, or pixels in the back camera. but the average person wouldn't even notice the differences anyway when using the phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who asked me, I would buy it again today in a heartbeat!
Good cellphone.I like it very much
Weary nice cell. Working with two SIM card . Fast delivery thank you .
Excelente
IM SOOOO HAPPY THIS IS A EXCELLENT CELL PHONE, AND THE BEST ITS DUAL SIM!!!
great product, sim management is awesome! it has almost al big brother S5 specs, I love the OS, and I never had a factory unlocked phone, it is pretty awesome that you only insert the SIM and it works magically without doing anything, I have it in Mexico with Telcel.
good product and good price
Good
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Very good phone, works perfect in my country!
Amazing size. I had the galaxy note 4 that was huge, this has the exact same software just no pen but is tiny and amazing.
Excelent, fast, safety. Very nice device.
Excellent product and seller, happy with my purchase!! Work perfectly in Venezuela.
At the moment it is great and it is working in argentina! Perfetly
Excellent product & service
I enjoy this ph. a lot, I am still learning what it will do. Someday I might be able to figure how to register it with Samsung... So far they don't believe that it exists. It fits nicely in my shirt pocket, I like that it is water resistant.
Great phone works well, I really like it.
The service via Amazon and vendor is excellent. Now to the phone. The phone is great, features and ease of use are also excellent, network connectivity works well on GSM carrier T-Mobile in central Florida, basically I get 42 Mbps speed using their 1700 and 1900 bands for HSPD+ speeds. Quality of construction is excellent, nice AMOLED screen, perfect size for my wife that doesn't need a 5" tablet phone that is hard to balance in one hand. The items that one has to be aware of are it is the S5 mini 3G WCDMA, 2G GSM phone, it a international version made for the African/Arabian markets (Persia in particular) and therefore there is no US warranty on this item at all. Get a SquareTrade warranty! As a matter of fact, you can't even register it on the http://www.samsung.com/za/consumer/mobile-phone/ website. This model has the G800HXXU1ANGF modem that is compatible on North American carriers, the Android version is the G800HXXU1ANH5 (KitKat 4.4.2). For less than half the price of the S5 locked version from US carriers, it is well worth the price and one is not locked in to a specific carrier. This vendor had an excellent price that beat out Ebay vendors as well.
Vary good phone, strong volume!
It took a few calls to get this thing fully functional with our net 10 service and the sim card from my wifes old phone only partially worked after being cut to fit this phone. I had to order a new micro sim card from amazon for .99 and now its working great. My understanding is that this problem is unique to net 10 sim cards as they become married to the phone they come in. After overcoming this minor annoyance and the short wait for the new sim we are very happy with this phone and highly recommend it.
Great item. I love the size.
good overall
the best phone ever
It really over my expectations.
I had absolutely no trouble!! Perfect service. Great delivery. Great phone. Works 100%. Set up service with prepaid unlimited everything through NET10. GREAT signal all over U.S. - currentry in VA.
So far the best phone on the market. There is no way anything will beat S5 mini for the price/quality, battery life, usability. Will never understand people who wanna spend a thousand for an iPhone.
perfect
excellent
Was worried initially about the specifics of this phone when I bought it, but this is exactly what I wanted. This phone is unlocked and is the dual sim version.
I love my phone, the right size for me, very clear pics. Its just a really cute phone
Excellent device ... The battery life is fantastic. Simplifying the software is definitely a big improvement. The screen is outstanding, adding fingerprint sensor and a heart. The back deck and its famous holes make it difficult to slip out of hand. And resistance to water and dust to IP67 certificate is something that should be almost mandatory in all móviles.La camera always produces spectacular photos as there is enough light and is best HDR video recording. MIMO and 4G WiFi connection are quick and the power and performance is more than enough games to entertain even complex graphics. In Venezuela it works fine with operators.
Nice phone. Very sleek and nice and fast. Definitely an upgrade from my S3. And I love the size. I highly recommend it although options for cases right now are pretty limited as it is not the most popular phone on the market.
I love this phone! I brought the phone the end of February 2015 to replace my outdated Samsung Galaxy S2. Quite frankly I was skeptical to buy a phone not released by my cellphone service provider, but I read some reviews, watched some review videos on YouTube and read articles for this phone. This seemed like a perfect phone for my daily needs and it is. Since I don't do much heavy duty stuff with my phone. Just the simple texts and apps.Pros- Works with my cellphone provider. (T-Mobile USA)- PRICE.- Fits comfortably in my small feminine hands.- The back cover for the battery feels comfortable and nice. (Reason why I'm foolishly putting off buying a case for it.)- Works well with recent apps.- Long battery life. (About 12-18 hours, if you moderately use the phone throughout the day.)- Has great camera quality.- No flap for the USB port that the Samsung Galaxy S5 has. (It's still water and dust resistant.)- Still has many of the features in the Samsung Galaxy S5.Cons- IS NOT compatible with 4G LTE, but you can get 3G. Most days I'm on Wi-Fi so it doesn't affect me as much.- No warranty.- Noticeable lag in some apps.
Love it great
Excelent service, anda good phone
Really good phone. Haven't had any trouble with it and having it has really helped me keep up with my business needs as well.
excellent product
EXCELENT PRODUCT
I received the phone on time and was able to track it. I've had the phone for a few months and its great. The size is great and easy to hold. The only bad thing is the battery life.
No doubt on this phone I like it.
Phone was delivered on time and came new unopened. It's working great and I'm enjoying it.
Excellent product, good quality
Extremely happy with my purchase.
Excelente
Fit as expected Somewhat large Too large
Working well
great phone. Long battery, dual sim card works perfect. Tmobile support only 3G + , but i havent noticed it slower than 4G. For the price,u cannot beat this deal!!!
It was written that this phone is dual sim , but it appeared to be only single , but phone itself is good .
I love this phone, my prepaid sim card works just fine, I had this for 3 days now and so far so good. I've been watching some tips and tricks at youtube so I can use the full functionality of this phone. Picture quality is pretty decent. I considered the phone slightly bigger for my hand but no issue here. It has what I need for my daily use. I use wifi for internet access.
Awesome! Works perfect, no issues. Was a gift and she loves it.
Thanks a lot!
exelente
I like it
Excellent!!
a great phone
Excellent
Great phone. The screen looks really good.
great
all good
i love it
Was in great shape..good quality
Love it
I love it!!!
Good
Great
Ok thanks
bought for someone else
I love my phone. Of course the camera is not half as good as the big brother S5 but it still does the job, plus it doesn't feel ridiculously large in your hand.
Very Good!
muy bueno,muy especial
excelente
Good phone
quite good
very good
I have sucessfully used it with various sim chips around the world to include South Korea, Haiti, the DR, USA, Tanzania and Ghana. Its definitely UNLOCKED, works as advertized, seems relatively fast, is compact for easier carrying than the regular S5, and the camera is adequate.Being a newly released item I did find it a challenge to find spare batteries and still have yet to find a charger case so I give it 4 stars.
Great product as it works in the United States. I purchased it and used it their with my Wind account in the USA (it was roaming under T-Mobile). The only issue is that if you are bringing the phone to Canada it is not supported on most networks. It is not supported by Wind Mobile, Rogers, Bell, Fido, etc. in Canada :( It might work with Telus and Mobilicity but I am not sure. So better to just get a Canadian phone and use it both in Canada and the USA.
Met my expectations. Works perfectly in Venezuela.
It arrive before I expected and I'mvery happy about it... thanks
Great cell phone, delivered on time and qith all the accesories.i didn t have any problem with the seller.
pretty ok but I expected it to look better but works wonders
Do not bather asking for obvious things
Everything I expected at a much better price than its IOS counterpart.
Best phone ever!!!
Decent phone good upgrade from a s3
I thought it was the international version but I was wrong because the charger didn't bring the electricity adapter, However the rest it's just fine.
good
I love my cell phone
This phone is awesome :) It works like a dream
excellent experience
Nice phone. Works great. This is single sim version
Flawless, much better than any iPhone I've ever used.
I used in Venezuela and works EXCELLENT!!
awsome camera, kool phone
fine
Really good
Nice. it was what I wanted
It works perfect in Venezuela. I had my doubts since the manual was in a foreign language (something like arab). Until now, everything works great. Great purchase!
I've been using the cellphone for a while now and its perfect except that when i'm connected to a wifi I can't make phone calls or send text messages. Anyone with the same problem??
i've been waiting for this phone for a year, and all I can say is that it doesn't disappoint me. For a small phone, it has a decent amount of memory reservoir and it's pretty fast too. The sound system is good and the graphic is good as well. The seller also sends me in a box with the package wrapping it, so when it the package gets to you, it is in a very good condition; my bad it is still in new condition. I highly recommend this thing
Good phone, arrive as expected
Great phone!!! Gifted it to my brother in India and he loved it.
Is good
Everything was OK. Thank you.
excelente telefono
Thank you
Excelente
Perfect! Item as described and performs great! Absolutely no regrets!
Great
very good perfect
Excelent
I enjoyed it came like the seller discrived it .i have no complain
NICE
I received the product , is excellent 'm very happy purchase , would recommend .... it's very good , fast and effective response from the seller , congratulations , very good product ... I liked the purchase, and very nice. My daughters like it’s, are fun and are happy
excellent
perfect
The phone is working perfectly!!
The screen went dark on me and I had to have it repaired. Has worked okay since. Amazon was very fair in reimbursing me. I was happy with Amazon's customer service.
Excellent Phone. Samsung is where Samsung stands.
Bought this phone, like two years ago and I'm now doing this review and it's still working! !!!
excellent
Very nice smartphone but not better than S3
good, buy a phone in 2015. I lost what I need to help me retrieve the IMEI of the phone samsung s5
very good
excelente
This is a great phone, I would fully recommend to everyone.
excelente
great
Really good phone got it under 36hrs of ordering.
product as expected, unlocked , worked in my country ( El Salvador ) as soon as I installed the micro sim. product is a DUOS model, so able to put and use 2 sims . only CON was that product version was from Russia, so the box and all booklets and brochure that came along were in russian. Was able to change language with no problem in the phone's menu.
excellenet product
Excellent
Decent phone for the price. It works well as a phone, is small and convenient. It does not take great pictures. IT heats up easily and quickly unless the brightness is turned way down. Battery life is okay but the battery has been replaced already due to quick drain. Overall, the phone is easy to use.
Excelent, thanks.
It's OK.
love it
Works as expected!!!!
It's a decent phone.
Good
Excelent. recommended 100%
Nice i forgot feedback my bad :D
EXCELLENT
Work great, had to cut my mini sim to micro, on issue work good on both networks in Trinidad and Tobago
Good
Love the smooth ness if the phone, nice picture to would recommend
Great product. I had to call at to get my mobile data connected to art. This phone works with the micro Sim card. Transition was simple and quick for me. UPS delivered on time despite the winter storm. Very happy with my purchase and my experience.
thankyou
Excelent
Even though I wanted the regular s5 not the mini, this was a great product from what I tested.
Excelente
It works perfectly in Guatemala.
Good
Thank You!
had this phone for a month. everything is great. love the size too.
Good and work with Movistar Venezuela
muy bueno
Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800H Unlocked Cellphone, International Version, 16GB, Black
It works perfectly, colors on screen are excelent.
Great phone! Works well in Argentina! Arrived in time.
Can't complain, it's a Samsumg. Works perfectly
Excelente!1
Great phone. It works perfectly in Argentina with my Claro sim. The only thing is that this model is not 4G. I didn't pay attention when I bought it. This version is dual sim while the 4G comes with the following model: S5 mini G800F.
good
Everything I expected at a much better price than its IOS counterpart.
Best phone ever!!!
Decent phone good upgrade from a s3
I thought it was the international version but I was wrong because the charger didn't bring the electricity adapter, However the rest it's just fine.
good
I love my cell phone
Exelente
This phone is awesome :) It works like a dream
excellent experience
I liked the phone and delivery on time
I am happy with this purchase. I just started using it and it is working fine. It came open and both my sims function well. I am using it in Jamaica.
I love it ...works great . little hard getting used to all the extra functions on it but i love it.
The Best!
Got this to replace my Rugby Pro that's been acting up. I love it. It's only slightly bigger than my Rugby and the colors are amazing. I've been able to set it up just like my Rugby and my daughter loves the Kids Mode. I've only had it a week but so far so good.
Is ok.
The item is awesome i'll purchase one more unit..
good
I have sucessfully used it with various sim chips around the world to include South Korea, Haiti, the DR, USA, Tanzania and Ghana. Its definitely UNLOCKED, works as advertized, seems relatively fast, is compact for easier carrying than the regular S5, and the camera is adequate.Being a newly released item I did find it a challenge to find spare batteries and still have yet to find a charger case so I give it 4 stars.
Great product as it works in the United States. I purchased it and used it their with my Wind account in the USA (it was roaming under T-Mobile). The only issue is that if you are bringing the phone to Canada it is not supported on most networks. It is not supported by Wind Mobile, Rogers, Bell, Fido, etc. in Canada :( It might work with Telus and Mobilicity but I am not sure. So better to just get a Canadian phone and use it both in Canada and the USA.
Met my expectations. Works perfectly in Venezuela.
It was very good! The delivery came one day earlier and the item had all it's accessories and it worked perfectly! Im very happy with the purchase!
It arrive before I expected and I'mvery happy about it... thanks
Great cell phone, delivered on time and qith all the accesories.i didn t have any problem with the seller.
pretty ok but I expected it to look better but works wonders
Do not bather asking for obvious things
best purchase ever
Not the latest phone but it is quick and nimble. I had no problems rolling my ATT plan from my old crappy phone to the S5 mini.
Excelent!!! Im very happy with everything! Thanks
Great
I just got the phone for a few days, even I haven't install the sim, the wifi still works.
exelente
100% positive
Got my phone June 19th and I love it I haven't had any issues with the phone it is the perfect phone for me so satisfied and glad I bought this phone
works perfectly fine.
Product was as described, however I didn't realize what the hspa+ meant. Found out it's technically not 4g, more like a 3.5g based on an older network technology model. Decided to return the item and get true 4g phones instead. Otherwise the shipment arrived quickly, the only issue was that I bought two phones for a total of $600 and FedEx just left it on my doorstep in plain sight, no knock, no signature, nothing. Fortunately I was home at the time.
Good 1
I bought this smartphone for my sister in law and she loves it...
Great phone!
Way better than the iPhone and I've had them all except the 6.
Works beautifully in the Caribbean Trinidad west indies
god
Attention, this is the g800h/Ds. Wich means that is not the 4g version, but the dual sim version. So, the information listed is not correct -"that works on 4g", but it will have 2 micro sim places instead.
Excelente producto.
I absolutely love this phone . It works well, no problems . Work great with my service provider .
So far Good - works well in the Caribbean and I have no issues with the phone. Great purchase.
Everything ok
good product
This cellphone is so amazing i like it so much! It has nice apps and i can dowload more. The Software is fast. I love my phone
excellent
Highly recommended. Product and seller. This model works perfect in Venezuela.
Awesome device. Battery can go a bit fast. Works as a charm. Better than iPhone for sure. Dual sim is great.
EXCELENTE
excelente
Really good phone for price.
Sent it back.
love this phone
Bought it as a gift for my sister. Received the product on time. Great phone, so far no issues, works great.
The best phone I've ever had.
It has problems with the GPS signal
Good phone, very happy with it. It worked perfect in Argentina. The seller complied with the agreement and I aprece reliable only suggest you to put in the item description that is dual sim so that there is no confusion. Otherwise, very happy.Thank You ...
Phone was as advertised - new, in a box, plastic still on it, unlocked. It had European-type wall charging unit tho, so couldn't use that.
Genial
The device was an Iran phone properly packaged and new. It works perfectly in my Argentinean line.The phone is great, awesome screen and the 4G technology works fine.
It's a good phone i find no fault with it
Works good, but is from the UK. I had to change all my settings over to US after I got it
EXELENTE
This phone is absolutely amazing! So much better than my old Galaxy S3
Great phone it was shipped before the date thank you I love it
excelent 100% + + + + +
excelent
Works as expected!
i cant not connect with 4G
Excelente
Very good
great!!
i love it
Buenisimooo, El celular llego en el tiempo correspondiente, nuevo de paquete!! Muy responsables
Love this phone. The one I received is a G800F Duos and I don't need the extra SIM card capability atm but it might be nice to have in the future. Works great with my Consumer Cellular service. I had voice & text immediately after putting in my SIM card & I was able to copy over my APN settings from my old phone to get my data up & running.It fits neatly in my pocket & so far has had amazing battery life & much clearer calls than my old Samsung S2 T989.I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smaller size, water resistant phone crammed with features.
Rápido y eficiente el proceso de compra y envío! Lo recomiendo!
good deal, nice price, fast delivery
100% ok
It works great
siempre compro mis telefonos con esta empresa y siempre llegan en perfecto estado y son nuevos de caja, venezuela
I like
Excellent
Very good
good
good
Great
Good as expected in Venezuela.
Very good phone.
Excellent cellphone for the price. Fast an reliable. It can fit in your pockets.
great phone. Long battery, dual sim card works perfect. Tmobile support only 3G + , but i havent noticed it slower than 4G. For the price,u cannot beat this deal!!!
It was written that this phone is dual sim , but it appeared to be only single , but phone itself is good .
I love this phone, my prepaid sim card works just fine, I had this for 3 days now and so far so good. I've been watching some tips and tricks at youtube so I can use the full functionality of this phone. Picture quality is pretty decent. I considered the phone slightly bigger for my hand but no issue here. It has what I need for my daily use. I use wifi for internet access.
Awesome! Works perfect, no issues. Was a gift and she loves it.
Thanks, delivery was fast, there was no setbacks
Great phone! Its battery life is way better than the S4.
It is great!!
Celular increible
amazing cellphone !!
This phone was for my nephew who came to visit from overseas and lost his phone at Sears. He loves it but our experience with the seller spoiled the whole thing.
excellent
No fault yet
Everything is Ok. The price may improve!
Excellent, buy it for my father, not leave me alone talking about the increasingly discovering something new xD
Perfect!!
Absolutely perfect! I love this phone. I had been wanting it for a long time but could never afford it.Then I found the mini which is much more affordable. Its pretty much the exact same thing just a tad smaller of course but I honestly like this size way better. The description was exactly right I got just what I ordered. I got a blue one. I received it right on time too. I am more than happy with it :)
Love this phone, no complaints
thanks, this phone is nice
Great!
Switched from S 3 mini to S 5 mini. Completely satisfied. Works for net 10. Only needed to adjust data settings, which you can easily find online.
I love this phone. Like all other samsung galaxy before it, it meets and exceeds all expectations. After 2 days, my phone fell in the toilet accidentally. To my surprise, it still worked. I didn't have to turn it off or blow it with a hairdryer. All I did was use a paper towel to dry the water off the exterior. 2 weeks has passed and I still don't have any issues.
excellent phone.
thank all fine!!!
excelente
Excellent buy......
Most wonderful. I really love this phone.
Very nice case.
The perfect phone. hope it lasts for 50 years.
Excellent for venezuela
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO 100% RECOMENDADO
Muy bien
Good
GOOD
This is a great phone. All the best features in a compact phone
Bueno
Excelent
GREAT
Excellent Seller, great product recommend highly
Awesome phone. Easy to setup with straight talk.
Excellent phone, very fast and completily.. Recommended
excelente
exelente producto
👍🏻
Everything ok.On time!
excelente producto
Ok
Great unlocked phone, but beware... it doesn't work properly with a 4G network. This is the best phone I ever had, but the lack of 4G functionality, which caused a lot of problems with texting, is a huge downside.
The GS 5 mini was just what I needed!
excellent seller, very good product, all according to the description recommend
Original samsung product: seal was intact, I love it! I was scared of purchasing cellphones on amazon because other reviews (on sIII and sIV) said that they werent original cellphones, but this one definetely is, I even contacted a samsung store and checked it was :) I'm planning on using it in south america, I'm just waiting it gets here. Also my package arrived sooner than it expected wich was great.
Bought 2 of these, they are great phones, They have almost all the features of the full size S5, but at a much better price. You do loose some memory, and the back camera is not as many pixels, but It is a Samsung, So even the mid range Samsung cameras on phones are better than other phones with more pixels that cost much more, but that's a whole different issue. OK so I am using these with Straight Talk, It takes the micro SIM card (and can hold up to a 128GB micro SD card.) you just need to call them and if you already have an account its like 4 bucks for the SIM card and free overnight shipping if ordered before like 2pm or something. Or buy one at Walmart.The Finger Print scanner: Felt the need to do this review for this reason.As I know 5 other people that bought this phone, and 4 out of the 5 were telling me how crappy the scanner feature is. The scanner is the BUTTON, not the screen. The screen is for viewing and yes you can touch it, however it cannot scan anything. It is the middle home button that has the biometric scanner in it. The screen arrows do make it look like you should swipe the lower middle part of the screen.(but that is because they cant make the arrows go past the screen to the button) So if you were having this problem, Go to settings, fingerprint scanner, and re-do it the setup using the button and when you swipe, you are not supposed to try to get your whole finger print like taking a finger print on paper from the tip all the way down, you only want to scan the center part of the finger/thumb you are using(shoot for a spot on your finger you can aim and hit every time), as currently it allows up to 3 prints , as i have each thumb as that is how i hold it to unlock it and then a pointer for backup or if the phone is flat on a table or something. See how the feature works once set up and used the correct way, I'm sure its probably in the user manual, but then again I didn't even open that, nor did anyone else i asked that was complaining about the scanner. So this maybe in there, but I seen so many people complaining when talking about this phone, and 4 out of 5 people I knew personally all were doing the same thing wrong. So i hope that helps someone.Overall this is a great phone, not top of the line like its big brother, not as much memory, or pixels in the back camera. but the average person wouldn't even notice the differences anyway when using the phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who asked me, I would buy it again today in a heartbeat!
Good cellphone.I like it very much
Weary nice cell. Working with two SIM card . Fast delivery thank you .
Excelente
I like the cell phone, on-time delivery. I Recommend this product.
IM SOOOO HAPPY THIS IS A EXCELLENT CELL PHONE, AND THE BEST ITS DUAL SIM!!!
great product, sim management is awesome! it has almost al big brother S5 specs, I love the OS, and I never had a factory unlocked phone, it is pretty awesome that you only insert the SIM and it works magically without doing anything, I have it in Mexico with Telcel.
Perfect size, feel and performance.
It's a good phone,but the camera it's all of that
all is ok! is a good phone! thanks!!
excelente producto
So far so good, the Samsung mini screen is just about the size of my Galaxy 2 far more optionsDon't really care for the thumb print scanner as id had a hard time recognizing my thumb even though Idid as was supposed to..... no biggie I prefer using the pattern anyway.
Excellent. The phone works well.
Perfect !!! Works in USA. CANADA and ARGENTINA with different phone company
I like..... :)
Great phone for me. has all that I want in a cell phone.
Good quality. i cherished it so much
i love it
Was in great shape..good quality
Love it
I love it!!!
Good
Great
Although I did not actually use the S5 G800H I can only say that I like the size and the physical feature of it.But I have to return because accordingly the model in not for USA and Asian use. Now I am researching forthe the Galaxy S5 mini G800F if it could be use here in United States and in the Philippines. After then I willOrder one from the very reliable Amazon Market Place.
It's a great phone. .
excelente
excellent phones
Excelente!
Thanks
Hello this is austin hill i have a big problem some one stold my samaung galaxy s5 mimi G800H the white one i would like u to shout it down for me in jamaica thats were i live it was for my second son are send me a text with the imei number so i can let digicel do it for me thank u so much if u can help me
Excelent
Excellent
Love this phone
Excelent
Excellent! and it's dual
Very good
EXCELENTE
Good afternoon, if my expectations were met.
excellent
excelet
It's all of what the description said it would be. Thank you.
excelente
Powerful divice. After month and a half using it I think it is a very nice phone. Good disign, excelent size and slick, beautiful colors and quick and reactive to the commands, althoug in my country we have a super slow wifi speed. It din' t have any trouble conecting to my phone service movilnet and the sound is good.speeker could be better, they are alright, but music sounds is great when using the head phones. Battery lasts just around 12 to 14 hour when use heavely during the day. Recommend to downlode applications to keep it clean from auto started programs that comes with this phone. There is a minus to this phone, in enclose locations comunication is not good, not very different from my other sansung phone. I steel give it a 5 start because it is loaded with great capabilities and Is the best phone I have ever had
Yes its great
i've been waiting for this phone for a year, and all I can say is that it doesn't disappoint me. For a small phone, it has a decent amount of memory reservoir and it's pretty fast too. The sound system is good and the graphic is good as well. The seller also sends me in a box with the package wrapping it, so when it the package gets to you, it is in a very good condition; my bad it is still in new condition. I highly recommend this thing
Good phone, arrive as expected
Great phone!!! Gifted it to my brother in India and he loved it.
Is good
The phone arrived on time, with everything it said it has. I'm really happy and it works great in Argentina.
Everything was OK. Thank you.
excelente telefono
Thank you
Excelente
No doubt on this phone I like it.
Phone was delivered on time and came new unopened. It's working great and I'm enjoying it.
Excellent product, good quality
Extremely happy with my purchase.
Excelente
Fit as expected Somewhat large Too large
Working well
Great item.
Excelent product. Im very happy.
Ordered two of these phones as a Christmas gift for may relatives. one form: SHOPBEST another from Wireless Expert. Both orders fulfilled by amazon. Phone from SHOPBEST came first it was Dual Sim version. Bad think that it has very strange labels. ON the box it said European SIM only, and inside it was page informing: use East Asia or North Africa SIM cards only. So very strange regional lock labeling of product a little confusing. However - I've tried T-mobile prepaid SIM in both SIM1 and SIM2 slots and both were working;Second phone (from Wireless Expert) came on the next day without any "region limited" lables. It was single SIM card version, and it work on T-mobile prepaid SIM as well. Now new owners happy and playing with they phones.
I am amazed at the price and the functionality of my new S5 mini. I am enjoying every minute of it and is still learing the features. The display is very clear.
Brilliant phone.. Thanks
Great phone and absolutely love its performance. Worked fine with Rogers Canada carrier.
Great phone! Att works perfect. My son loves it, Going to buy another one real soon for myself.
Everything ok.
Only AC adapter for correct socket was required
Excelent cellphone....
Great smartphone, the size is just right and arrived very quickly, it works for Mexico without problems, but you need to buy the microchip if you dont have it, it comes with a power travel adapter that was very useful when I traveled to Brazil.
Im so happy with my cell phone
Great phone. I love it... Absolutely nothing to complain about. Arrived very quickly and I was up and talking within a few minutes of opening the box. Works perfectly in sweet TnT.
Light and functional, easy to handle.
Phone was set up in a different language, so I had to do an Internet search on factory resetting the device. After that, it has been smooth sailing. Incredible value for a smartphone of this caliber. A+
love it!
Great to have it
Very good, small & easy to carried
Excellent
Great cellphone
excellent product
excellent
Nice phone
I have had this smart phone for only three weeks and so far I like it a lot.
Easy to use. Works excellent in Trinidad and Tobago.
Very nice it works with Movistar Venezuela, we receive it on time
I like it
Excelente
Excelente producto!
excelent
exelente
Good phone, no issues so far. Overall size is similar to iPhone 6 but shorter. Just wish the Camera had more zooms. Overall it is a good buy!
Excelente prodructo
So far the best phone on the market. There is no way anything will beat S5 mini for the price/quality, battery life, usability. Will never understand people who wanna spend a thousand for an iPhone.
perfect
excellent
Was worried initially about the specifics of this phone when I bought it, but this is exactly what I wanted. This phone is unlocked and is the dual sim version.
I love my phone, the right size for me, very clear pics. Its just a really cute phone
Excellent device ... The battery life is fantastic. Simplifying the software is definitely a big improvement. The screen is outstanding, adding fingerprint sensor and a heart. The back deck and its famous holes make it difficult to slip out of hand. And resistance to water and dust to IP67 certificate is something that should be almost mandatory in all móviles.La camera always produces spectacular photos as there is enough light and is best HDR video recording. MIMO and 4G WiFi connection are quick and the power and performance is more than enough games to entertain even complex graphics. In Venezuela it works fine with operators.
Received on time and works perfectly
good
Very good
no problem.
Best phone ever.
I'm very happy with this phone, is excellent more than I expected.
It works perfectly outside of US.
Bought for my wife. It's just the right size for her and she says it works great! (I have the Note 4)
Samsung S5 mini works well. Good sound (loud & clear) with either speaker as well as display. Holds cell & wifi connections really well. Easy to use, fits niecely in almost any hand, grippy back.Camera is OK, kinda slow. Video is not bad, but nothing to brag about.Good value for money paid.Amazon ordering & delivery are EXELLENT!
Good Phone and Perfect condition!!!
Discription says 4G but isn't 4G... It supposed to be 4G equivalence with H+ and it shows 3G... a little disappointed. .. but phone is ok. .. battery not great with heavy use but that is no fault of the seller.
Fantastic seller. Phone arrived a few days earlier than expected. It came with a European plug, but no big deal since you can just swap it out with a US version. I am in Michigan and use AT&T service. The company store was able to get me up and running with no issues. The did explain that I am not on 3G nor 4G...I believe they said HSPA? ......which they explained may not be as fast as 4G, but it will pick up more towers. I am not thrilled with the camera quality, but that may be my own fault for not looking into the camera specs. I do have dropped calls, however not sure if this is an AT&T problem or the phone (I am new to AT&T, had Verizon since cell phones came out and never had a dropped call). So I can't say if its the phone or the carrier. Every now and then I will be composing a text or in another app and the app closes and I find myself at the home screen. But after reopening text the message was saved so again not a big deal. Other than all that........I LOVE this phone. The size is perfect (I was used to an iphone 4s), the graphics/color is amazing, very bright, and it has the loudest volume for a phone I have ever heard. I definitely would recommend this phone and seller :-)
excelente
Very good
Im using it in Colorado, USA with the AT&T network. I'll be honest, I was nervous about this phone at first. It had trouble connecting to the mobile network. After the initial setup with the Sim card inserted, APN was already set up and after a while (a half hour or so) it eventually connected to my AT&T network without a hitch. I clocked the H+ speed at 7mbps at its highest so far but I'll continue to check the network speed.Phone is great. I love the smaller size, the larger s5, while it may have faster processing and higher resolution, just wasn't what I wanted. I want something that fits in my pocket more than I want a small tv in my hand. It's perfect for what I want and I haven't had a problem. It streams all my music, loads my email, does everything I want. I have had no problems so far.
exelente
Love it
excelente
Perfect!
ok
i love it
The phone exceeded my expectations.
It really does what it says it does. No 4G but so close.
Got this phone for my dad. He was coming from a feature phone and he loves his new s5 mini. Haven't heard him complain about any issues. His first smartphone.
I absolutely love this phone. Glad I spent my money on this.
Love it
excelente
It was good.
love this phone, excellent size to a "mini" phone, have it for a few months, works really nice, fast and cosmetically awesome!
Excelente
great smartphone. really i like it
exelente
i had a good experiense with my samsung galaxy s5 mini duos.
Excelente...
Everything works fine just found it weird that none of the instructions were in English and neither was the phone settings.
very good
Excellent
Excellent delivery time and the product meets my expectations, excellent equipment, works very well in Venezuela
I received and met my expectations, it works very well here in Venezuela, really an excellent smartphone. I recommend it widely
This device is amazing! It's a dual-sim Android 4.4 device with 16GB of on board memory and 4G radio. The screen is Amoled HD and the construction is slim and sophisticated. It continues to pack in the power of the Galaxy line into a small and sleek design. It may be one generation behind but it packs serious power and is even more affordable now that the Galaxy 6 series is out. Of course, there is no Mini 6 yet, so for now the Mini 5 is the next best bet.
Very good phone, all intrusctions were in russian but thats fine. Fast delivery.
Phone is great, love the speed, smoothness and water resistance. Only downside for me is that my versions(international unlocked) instructions came in some strange language, there was no English instructions at all!
Excelente
I liked this cell phone. This is handy and working fine. I don't have any complain about anything in this phone yet. Its really good phone and would recommend to buy it.
Excelente celular
My husband loves his new phone got it for his birthday it does work with our T mobile plan so no problems. The one thing that is weird to us was the international charger other then that really no problems. When you get the phone it is in another language so it was hard to understand but you should get the hang of it. Also the shape it reminds me of an I phone.
For me this is a very nice phone. Not too big, not too small. I've only had it for a day as of this review, It came with a 220v adapter, not much of an issue and no manual, also not an issue for me. My home country is missing from every location app, so I deducted 1 star.
perfect cell
Great phone. Works excellent!
Love the phone.Was a little surprised about it's size, I guess I was expecting S5 Mini to be the same dimensions as S3 Mini I had before, but it's bigger. But that was the only surprise.
A+++
100% very good
I love this phone and it was not as small has i taught it would be i am enjoying it.
Wow! Two phone numbers (two sim cards) on one small phone! Everything about this phone is outstanding.
Very nice phone.. All features as indicated. Only issue I had is the phone came was a DUOS which I didn't want but not a major issue... Just using with one Sim card and of course I have the option to add another if I see the need
Very Good phone but I expected a little more on hardware
This mobile is perfect fit for me. I recommend this . Packaging is standard Samsung packaging.
Excellent phone and it worked in Panama
Great battery life and picture quality
very satisfied with the product and the handling of the transactions by the store.
EXCELENTE
excellent
Excellent.
Love my phone thank you very much
Great Phone
Works perfect in Ecuador but I didn't realize that it was a duos... runs very well though.
Works for South America
Good quality and funcionali tu.
Phone itself is excellent. I'm using it on Consumer Cellular with no issues. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the package came with a European power brick. (wrong style plug for use in the U.S.). Its no big issue for me because I already had a charger for my old phone that I'll just keep using but it would be infuriating for a first time buyer.After I charged it & installed my old SIM card, the phone worked for making calls and on wireless right out of the box. Getting it to hook up to Consumer Cellular data took a couple of more steps but was easy once I found the right web page for settings.https://apn.gishan.net/settings/752_17_consumer_cellular__apn_settings_for_samsung_galaxy_s5.phpDownloading and setting up my favorite apps took a few hours while I was watching TV. Then it took another couple of hours to customize all my home screens the way I wanted them.
Love it! So far, so good! Excellent phone. Very comfortable, easy going, useful, quick, great pictures, high quality screen, etc, etc, etc. ..
This is a fine unit and performs just like most reviews.
Happy with this purchase.
Was afraid it wouldn't work in my country but it did, love it!
It's worth the money and more easier to carry around than the original. It's just simple and neat.
excelente
totally recomended
good deal
As with all Samsung products I have purchased, I was not disappointed. This is a great little smartphone. It has a lot of bells and whistles, but it's still small enough to be carried in a pocket. It doesn't have everything that the full sized S5 does, so don't expect that. However it does have all the important things. It does have the qualcom 400 Snapdragon processor, Android 4.42 OS and it has the latest kernel version 3.4.0-2136432 as of this date 11-19-15. This was another good Amazon purchase.
EXCELENTE
the best smartphone ever
excelente!!!!!
Great phoneFilled all my needs
Really met my expectations
That's great
Absolutely fab
It works perfect!! I'm from Argentina
This was a gift to my husband. He seems to love the phone. Works great in the US.
Great phone, very light, lots of features, even better than my old iphone! Love it!
GOOD PHONE works perfectly on vzla
just great.
Switched from a galaxy s3 mini to this one since I was slowly becoming incompatible with recent tech. This phone is a little longer than the s3 but still perfect pocket size!This phone DOES use a MICRO Sim card, not the standard Sim card size so be prepared to get a new one if you're buying this!
Love this phone :) well worth the money :)
Runs very well, solid network performance on AT&T. Well worth the price since LTE is limited in my area. Updates are relatively frequent which is nice. I haven't had any issues since I bought it a few months ago. I love the Samsung screens. My iPhone 5 friends are jealous of the vibrant color. Prefect phone if you want something modern but not silly huge. Fingerprint reader is kind of spotty but it feels more like a gimmick anyway. Water resistance had saved me more than once and the screen shows no fingerprints. I absolutely recommend this phone.
In Uruguay work perfectly, it s an amaising phone!!!
The phone met my expectations. Also I received it just in time. Everything ok. Thanks
Perfect! Item as described and performs great! Absolutely no regrets!
Great
very good perfect
Excelent
I enjoyed it came like the seller discrived it .i have no complain
NICE
I received the product , is excellent 'm very happy purchase , would recommend .... it's very good , fast and effective response from the seller , congratulations , very good product ... I liked the purchase, and very nice. My daughters like it’s, are fun and are happy
excellent
perfect
Nice phone. Works great. This is single sim version
Flawless, much better than any iPhone I've ever used.
I used in Venezuela and works EXCELLENT!!
awsome camera, kool phone
fine
Really good
Works perfectly in Ecuador with Claro !
Nice. it was what I wanted
It works perfect in Venezuela. I had my doubts since the manual was in a foreign language (something like arab). Until now, everything works great. Great purchase!
I've been using the cellphone for a while now and its perfect except that when i'm connected to a wifi I can't make phone calls or send text messages. Anyone with the same problem??
Excelente.
love my phone!
I LOVE IT CELLPHONE
Excelente
excellent product. 100% recommended
Good
excelent seller!!! the phone works perfectly in venezuela. Thanks
I bought this item in december and shipping was fast. Never experienced any problems with the phone up to now its been great! Thumbs up!
loved it !
Excelente
Excelent !!!!
Good
Excellent
Excellent purchase 100% Recommended #Venezuela
It was great
I love it! It was a great Shop.
It is an amazing device. This can work in Venezuela within the Movistar and Digitel Network. You should notice that it is a Duo cellphone but with one simcard its performance is too well. I recommend it.
Excellent cell ..... works without any problem in my country (Colombia), good battery life and its size is perfect for handling !!!!
Great Phone. Everything Works Great.
Excellent upgrade over the phone called Blu. This is a phenomenal phone, and would recommend to anyone looking to purchase a smartphone or just a Samsung brand phone. Two thumbs up
Excellent cell phone!!
i liked my fone just d battery goes down a bit fast
It is a good phone, I have just one thought. The specification says "dust and water resistant, Water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes", but the bottom conection doesn't have protection against water, so I think you can't inmerse your phone 1 meter in to water. In general It is a great phone, my wife loves it.
Cool
EXCELLENT
Mobile Phone supports features is freed from all operators , but not brought international charger adapter
Great phone! But it is advertised as international version - it is only international in North and South America, as well as Caribbean. So it is not true international globally.
fine
good
PERFECT WORK IN VENEZUELA
excellent...!
Buen producto
Price was right. Great phone so far. I didn't need to pay big bucks for things I'd probably never use.
Excellent
Great phone works well, I really like it.
The service via Amazon and vendor is excellent. Now to the phone. The phone is great, features and ease of use are also excellent, network connectivity works well on GSM carrier T-Mobile in central Florida, basically I get 42 Mbps speed using their 1700 and 1900 bands for HSPD+ speeds. Quality of construction is excellent, nice AMOLED screen, perfect size for my wife that doesn't need a 5" tablet phone that is hard to balance in one hand. The items that one has to be aware of are it is the S5 mini 3G WCDMA, 2G GSM phone, it a international version made for the African/Arabian markets (Persia in particular) and therefore there is no US warranty on this item at all. Get a SquareTrade warranty! As a matter of fact, you can't even register it on the http://www.samsung.com/za/consumer/mobile-phone/ website. This model has the G800HXXU1ANGF modem that is compatible on North American carriers, the Android version is the G800HXXU1ANH5 (KitKat 4.4.2). For less than half the price of the S5 locked version from US carriers, it is well worth the price and one is not locked in to a specific carrier. This vendor had an excellent price that beat out Ebay vendors as well.
Vary good phone, strong volume!
It took a few calls to get this thing fully functional with our net 10 service and the sim card from my wifes old phone only partially worked after being cut to fit this phone. I had to order a new micro sim card from amazon for .99 and now its working great. My understanding is that this problem is unique to net 10 sim cards as they become married to the phone they come in. After overcoming this minor annoyance and the short wait for the new sim we are very happy with this phone and highly recommend it.
Great item. I love the size.
good overall
the best phone ever
It really over my expectations.
I had absolutely no trouble!! Perfect service. Great delivery. Great phone. Works 100%. Set up service with prepaid unlimited everything through NET10. GREAT signal all over U.S. - currentry in VA.
excelent
My daughter loves it so far. She has not encountered any problem and hopefully will not ever encounter any. Thanks.
Awesome!
love this phoneawesome
You really get your bucks worth of product in this phone! It works fantastic and activating it to my service provider was as easy as 123. Highly recommend it!
nice phone, minimal accessories forit.
So far it has met my expectations. Everything works well. It worked in Colombia and it also worked in the United States. Battery works very well and the different functions work very good as well. I even tried it inside a pool and it didn't have any problem afterwards, you just have to make sure the cover is completely locked (the phone reminds you each time you turn it on).If anything else comes, I'll make sure to update this review.
i love it
Buenisimooo, El celular llego en el tiempo correspondiente, nuevo de paquete!! Muy responsables
Love this phone. The one I received is a G800F Duos and I don't need the extra SIM card capability atm but it might be nice to have in the future. Works great with my Consumer Cellular service. I had voice & text immediately after putting in my SIM card & I was able to copy over my APN settings from my old phone to get my data up & running.It fits neatly in my pocket & so far has had amazing battery life & much clearer calls than my old Samsung S2 T989.I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smaller size, water resistant phone crammed with features.
good deal, nice price, fast delivery
100% ok
It works great
siempre compro mis telefonos con esta empresa y siempre llegan en perfecto estado y son nuevos de caja, venezuela
I like
Excelent
Even though I wanted the regular s5 not the mini, this was a great product from what I tested.
Excelente
It works perfectly in Guatemala.
Good
Thank You!
Nice phone. Very sleek and nice and fast. Definitely an upgrade from my S3. And I love the size. I highly recommend it although options for cases right now are pretty limited as it is not the most popular phone on the market.
I love this phone! I brought the phone the end of February 2015 to replace my outdated Samsung Galaxy S2. Quite frankly I was skeptical to buy a phone not released by my cellphone service provider, but I read some reviews, watched some review videos on YouTube and read articles for this phone. This seemed like a perfect phone for my daily needs and it is. Since I don't do much heavy duty stuff with my phone. Just the simple texts and apps.Pros- Works with my cellphone provider. (T-Mobile USA)- PRICE.- Fits comfortably in my small feminine hands.- The back cover for the battery feels comfortable and nice. (Reason why I'm foolishly putting off buying a case for it.)- Works well with recent apps.- Long battery life. (About 12-18 hours, if you moderately use the phone throughout the day.)- Has great camera quality.- No flap for the USB port that the Samsung Galaxy S5 has. (It's still water and dust resistant.)- Still has many of the features in the Samsung Galaxy S5.Cons- IS NOT compatible with 4G LTE, but you can get 3G. Most days I'm on Wi-Fi so it doesn't affect me as much.- No warranty.- Noticeable lag in some apps.
Love it great
Excelent service, anda good phone
Really good phone. Haven't had any trouble with it and having it has really helped me keep up with my business needs as well.
excellent product
EXCELENT PRODUCT
I received the phone on time and was able to track it. I've had the phone for a few months and its great. The size is great and easy to hold. The only bad thing is the battery life.
excellent
excelet
It's all of what the description said it would be. Thank you.
excelente
Powerful divice. After month and a half using it I think it is a very nice phone. Good disign, excelent size and slick, beautiful colors and quick and reactive to the commands, althoug in my country we have a super slow wifi speed. It din' t have any trouble conecting to my phone service movilnet and the sound is good.speeker could be better, they are alright, but music sounds is great when using the head phones. Battery lasts just around 12 to 14 hour when use heavely during the day. Recommend to downlode applications to keep it clean from auto started programs that comes with this phone. There is a minus to this phone, in enclose locations comunication is not good, not very different from my other sansung phone. I steel give it a 5 start because it is loaded with great capabilities and Is the best phone I have ever had
Yes its great
i've been waiting for this phone for a year, and all I can say is that it doesn't disappoint me. For a small phone, it has a decent amount of memory reservoir and it's pretty fast too. The sound system is good and the graphic is good as well. The seller also sends me in a box with the package wrapping it, so when it the package gets to you, it is in a very good condition; my bad it is still in new condition. I highly recommend this thing
Good phone, arrive as expected
Great phone!!! Gifted it to my brother in India and he loved it.
Is good
Everything was OK. Thank you.
excelente telefono
Thank you
Excelente
Although I did not actually use the S5 G800H I can only say that I like the size and the physical feature of it.But I have to return because accordingly the model in not for USA and Asian use. Now I am researching forthe the Galaxy S5 mini G800F if it could be use here in United States and in the Philippines. After then I willOrder one from the very reliable Amazon Market Place.
It's a great phone. .
excelente
excellent phones
Excelente!
Thanks
Hello this is austin hill i have a big problem some one stold my samaung galaxy s5 mimi G800H the white one i would like u to shout it down for me in jamaica thats were i live it was for my second son are send me a text with the imei number so i can let digicel do it for me thank u so much if u can help me
Excelent
good product and good price
Good
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Very good phone, works perfect in my country!
Amazing size. I had the galaxy note 4 that was huge, this has the exact same software just no pen but is tiny and amazing.
Excelent, fast, safety. Very nice device.
Excellent product and seller, happy with my purchase!! Work perfectly in Venezuela.
At the moment it is great and it is working in argentina! Perfetly
Excellent product & service
I enjoy this ph. a lot, I am still learning what it will do. Someday I might be able to figure how to register it with Samsung... So far they don't believe that it exists. It fits nicely in my shirt pocket, I like that it is water resistant.
Excellent
Excelent, thanks.
It's OK.
love it
Works as expected!!!!
It's a decent phone.
Good
Everything is Ok. The price may improve!
Excellent, buy it for my father, not leave me alone talking about the increasingly discovering something new xD
Perfect!!
Absolutely perfect! I love this phone. I had been wanting it for a long time but could never afford it.Then I found the mini which is much more affordable. Its pretty much the exact same thing just a tad smaller of course but I honestly like this size way better. The description was exactly right I got just what I ordered. I got a blue one. I received it right on time too. I am more than happy with it :)
Love this phone, no complaints
thanks, this phone is nice
Great!
Switched from S 3 mini to S 5 mini. Completely satisfied. Works for net 10. Only needed to adjust data settings, which you can easily find online.
excellent phone.
Perfect size, feel and performance.
It's a good phone,but the camera it's all of that
all is ok! is a good phone! thanks!!
excelente producto
So far so good, the Samsung mini screen is just about the size of my Galaxy 2 far more optionsDon't really care for the thumb print scanner as id had a hard time recognizing my thumb even though Idid as was supposed to..... no biggie I prefer using the pattern anyway.
Excellent. The phone works well.
I like..... :)
Great phone for me. has all that I want in a cell phone.
Best phone ever
muy bueno
Bought this phone for my son. He loves it. I already had on . It works great.
Excellent product
Awesome!! shipped quick
Excellent phone!!
This mini phone is amazing. I bought it to my wife as a present and she can't get enough of it. By far the best samsung.
Good phone, very happy with it. It worked perfect in Argentina. The seller complied with the agreement and I aprece reliable only suggest you to put in the item description that is dual sim so that there is no confusion. Otherwise, very happy.Thank You ...
Phone was as advertised - new, in a box, plastic still on it, unlocked. It had European-type wall charging unit tho, so couldn't use that.
Genial
The device was an Iran phone properly packaged and new. It works perfectly in my Argentinean line.The phone is great, awesome screen and the 4G technology works fine.
It's a good phone i find no fault with it
Works good, but is from the UK. I had to change all my settings over to US after I got it
EXELENTE
This phone is absolutely amazing! So much better than my old Galaxy S3
Excelent. recommended 100%
Nice i forgot feedback my bad :D
EXCELLENT
Good
Love the smooth ness if the phone, nice picture to would recommend
Great product. I had to call at to get my mobile data connected to art. This phone works with the micro Sim card. Transition was simple and quick for me. UPS delivered on time despite the winter storm. Very happy with my purchase and my experience.
thankyou
thank all fine!!!
excelente
Excellent buy......
Most wonderful. I really love this phone.
Very nice case.
The perfect phone. hope it lasts for 50 years.
Excellent for venezuela
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO 100% RECOMENDADO
Muy bien
I am not very tech savvy and this is my second smart phone so I was a little nervous about buying an unlocked international phone as I didn't know exactly what that meant. I live in the United States so I had to buy another phone charger as the one that came with the phone does not fit in a US outlet. You can however, disconnect the plug and use it to charge on your computer. I went from a Galaxy S II to this and I have a Straight Talk Plan. I had to search on youtube how to get it set up through Straight Talk...apparently I had to turn the airplaine mode on and back off before I could use the internet?? Strange but it worked. Now that I have everything set up I love the phone!! Internet and videos are a lot faster and smoother with my new phone. I love it and would highly recommend it! Happy Customer :)
works perfect.I am from Argentina. at first I was scared because in the case said he had only regional blockade and was to some European countries. But then I contact the seller and I confirm that if it worked. Set my chip and was well. It works wonders. it is much faster than the S4 mini I had before.I hope it stays that way.
Great
Excelente
I am very happy whith my new phone. Amazing, when I compare with my old one.
Excellent!
The price is incredible. It met all my expectations
I will preface this review by saying that I am technologically challenged and I know virtually nothing about cell phones. I was reluctant to spend a lot of money to switch from my Windows phone to an Android because I thought it would require a steep a learning curve. I was carrying around two cell phones--one for my business and one for personal use--until my savvy son suggested that I consider a dual-SIM phone. I bought this one with a great deal of trepidation, and I'm SO glad I did! It is far more intuitive to use than I expected, and I absolutely love that my business and personal numbers reside in the same phone. In fact, I love everything about this phone (although I'm easy to please because I'm technologically challenged...)
Bought this item for Mum as present. She totally admires it. By the way bought it and using it in Kazakhstan. Working marvelous! No troubles seen via integration with this country's 3G or 4G modulation
Good phones but wish they had wifi calling
excellent seller. 100% recommended
good sell
Excelente Teléfono
Sent it back.
love this phone
Bought it as a gift for my sister. Received the product on time. Great phone, so far no issues, works great.
The best phone I've ever had.
It has problems with the GPS signal
Excellent
Very good
good
good
Great
Good as expected in Venezuela.
Very good phone.
Excellent cellphone for the price. Fast an reliable. It can fit in your pockets.
Everything I expected at a much better price than its IOS counterpart.
Best phone ever!!!
Decent phone good upgrade from a s3
I thought it was the international version but I was wrong because the charger didn't bring the electricity adapter, However the rest it's just fine.
good
I love my cell phone
This phone is awesome :) It works like a dream
excellent experience
I have sucessfully used it with various sim chips around the world to include South Korea, Haiti, the DR, USA, Tanzania and Ghana. Its definitely UNLOCKED, works as advertized, seems relatively fast, is compact for easier carrying than the regular S5, and the camera is adequate.Being a newly released item I did find it a challenge to find spare batteries and still have yet to find a charger case so I give it 4 stars.
Great product as it works in the United States. I purchased it and used it their with my Wind account in the USA (it was roaming under T-Mobile). The only issue is that if you are bringing the phone to Canada it is not supported on most networks. It is not supported by Wind Mobile, Rogers, Bell, Fido, etc. in Canada :( It might work with Telus and Mobilicity but I am not sure. So better to just get a Canadian phone and use it both in Canada and the USA.
Met my expectations. Works perfectly in Venezuela.
It arrive before I expected and I'mvery happy about it... thanks
Great cell phone, delivered on time and qith all the accesories.i didn t have any problem with the seller.
pretty ok but I expected it to look better but works wonders
Do not bather asking for obvious things
Excelent
Thank you
Great phone at a great price
Nice phone, I bought it for my wife, she is loving it. I will recommend to anyone.
Gift for my wife. She loves the phone, fast perfect size and the double Sim is a plus.
Bought this for my son, he loves it.
I Need It
Great phone it was shipped before the date thank you I love it
excelent 100% + + + + +
excelent
Works as expected!
i cant not connect with 4G
Excelente
Very good
great!!
Good 1
I bought this smartphone for my sister in law and she loves it...
Great phone!
Way better than the iPhone and I've had them all except the 6.
Works beautifully in the Caribbean Trinidad west indies
god
Excelente producto.
I absolutely love this phone . It works well, no problems . Work great with my service provider .
excelente
exelente producto
👍🏻
Everything ok.On time!
excelente producto
Ok
Great unlocked phone, but beware... it doesn't work properly with a 4G network. This is the best phone I ever had, but the lack of 4G functionality, which caused a lot of problems with texting, is a huge downside.
The GS 5 mini was just what I needed!
had this phone for a month. everything is great. love the size too.
Good and work with Movistar Venezuela
muy bueno
Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800H Unlocked Cellphone, International Version, 16GB, Black
It works perfectly, colors on screen are excelent.
Great phone! Works well in Argentina! Arrived in time.
Can't complain, it's a Samsumg. Works perfectly
Excelente!1
Great phone. It works perfectly in Argentina with my Claro sim. The only thing is that this model is not 4G. I didn't pay attention when I bought it. This version is dual sim while the 4G comes with the following model: S5 mini G800F.
good
great phone. Long battery, dual sim card works perfect. Tmobile support only 3G + , but i havent noticed it slower than 4G. For the price,u cannot beat this deal!!!
It was written that this phone is dual sim , but it appeared to be only single , but phone itself is good .
I love this phone, my prepaid sim card works just fine, I had this for 3 days now and so far so good. I've been watching some tips and tricks at youtube so I can use the full functionality of this phone. Picture quality is pretty decent. I considered the phone slightly bigger for my hand but no issue here. It has what I need for my daily use. I use wifi for internet access.
Awesome! Works perfect, no issues. Was a gift and she loves it.
Good
GOOD
This is a great phone. All the best features in a compact phone
Bueno
Excelent
GREAT
Excellent Seller, great product recommend highly
Awesome phone. Easy to setup with straight talk.
Excellent phone, very fast and completily.. Recommended
Ok thanks
bought for someone else
I love my phone. Of course the camera is not half as good as the big brother S5 but it still does the job, plus it doesn't feel ridiculously large in your hand.
Very Good!
muy bueno,muy especial
excelente
Good phone
quite good
very good
This phone was for my nephew who came to visit from overseas and lost his phone at Sears. He loves it but our experience with the seller spoiled the whole thing.
No fault yet
excelente
I love my White Samsung S5 Mini.It has good size (don't like big phones that feels more like a small tablet, only my very personal opinion)Screen is very bright and colorfullGreat camera (for a phone) even in movement situationsGood battery time, considering my screen is always at full brightness, I think it does very good job surviving a day and a half, but it doesn't last long when I use the gps, maybe 10 hours or less.Woks great, I haven't had any freezing problem, or reset issue.My only complaint is that, I don't know why since I've asked and no everyone who bought this phone have had this issue, but this phone doesn't charge with just any car charger, I had to buy an Original Samsung one to make it charge in the car. I tried several USB cables, several chargers, and nothing, and since I have three more Samsung phones and they all charge with any of my chargers or USB cables, it has to be some problem with the phone. Anyway, as I said I bought a Samsung Car Charger and now charges fine, so problem solved.By the way, it charges normally with any of my Samsung wall chargers.
Gps did not worked as expected since day 1. battery runs out fast.
This phone is a little TOO good...Ever since I gave it to my wife for her birthday she doesn't get off it. It's extremely fast, the battery life is absurd even though she uses it all day for her job (self employed) with bluetooth and gps all day long and when she comes home it's still at like 40%
Excellent
excellent phone
Every thing OK
OK
excellent seller, very good product, all according to the description recommend
Original samsung product: seal was intact, I love it! I was scared of purchasing cellphones on amazon because other reviews (on sIII and sIV) said that they werent original cellphones, but this one definetely is, I even contacted a samsung store and checked it was :) I'm planning on using it in south america, I'm just waiting it gets here. Also my package arrived sooner than it expected wich was great.
Bought 2 of these, they are great phones, They have almost all the features of the full size S5, but at a much better price. You do loose some memory, and the back camera is not as many pixels, but It is a Samsung, So even the mid range Samsung cameras on phones are better than other phones with more pixels that cost much more, but that's a whole different issue. OK so I am using these with Straight Talk, It takes the micro SIM card (and can hold up to a 128GB micro SD card.) you just need to call them and if you already have an account its like 4 bucks for the SIM card and free overnight shipping if ordered before like 2pm or something. Or buy one at Walmart.The Finger Print scanner: Felt the need to do this review for this reason.As I know 5 other people that bought this phone, and 4 out of the 5 were telling me how crappy the scanner feature is. The scanner is the BUTTON, not the screen. The screen is for viewing and yes you can touch it, however it cannot scan anything. It is the middle home button that has the biometric scanner in it. The screen arrows do make it look like you should swipe the lower middle part of the screen.(but that is because they cant make the arrows go past the screen to the button) So if you were having this problem, Go to settings, fingerprint scanner, and re-do it the setup using the button and when you swipe, you are not supposed to try to get your whole finger print like taking a finger print on paper from the tip all the way down, you only want to scan the center part of the finger/thumb you are using(shoot for a spot on your finger you can aim and hit every time), as currently it allows up to 3 prints , as i have each thumb as that is how i hold it to unlock it and then a pointer for backup or if the phone is flat on a table or something. See how the feature works once set up and used the correct way, I'm sure its probably in the user manual, but then again I didn't even open that, nor did anyone else i asked that was complaining about the scanner. So this maybe in there, but I seen so many people complaining when talking about this phone, and 4 out of 5 people I knew personally all were doing the same thing wrong. So i hope that helps someone.Overall this is a great phone, not top of the line like its big brother, not as much memory, or pixels in the back camera. but the average person wouldn't even notice the differences anyway when using the phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who asked me, I would buy it again today in a heartbeat!
Good cellphone.I like it very much
Weary nice cell. Working with two SIM card . Fast delivery thank you .
Excelente
IM SOOOO HAPPY THIS IS A EXCELLENT CELL PHONE, AND THE BEST ITS DUAL SIM!!!
great product, sim management is awesome! it has almost al big brother S5 specs, I love the OS, and I never had a factory unlocked phone, it is pretty awesome that you only insert the SIM and it works magically without doing anything, I have it in Mexico with Telcel.
best purchase ever
Not the latest phone but it is quick and nimble. I had no problems rolling my ATT plan from my old crappy phone to the S5 mini.
Excelent!!! Im very happy with everything! Thanks
Great
I just got the phone for a few days, even I haven't install the sim, the wifi still works.
exelente
100% positive
Got my phone June 19th and I love it I haven't had any issues with the phone it is the perfect phone for me so satisfied and glad I bought this phone
works perfectly fine.
Product was as described, however I didn't realize what the hspa+ meant. Found out it's technically not 4g, more like a 3.5g based on an older network technology model. Decided to return the item and get true 4g phones instead. Otherwise the shipment arrived quickly, the only issue was that I bought two phones for a total of $600 and FedEx just left it on my doorstep in plain sight, no knock, no signature, nothing. Fortunately I was home at the time.
works in mexico, is fast a have fingerprint sensor
Replaced an S3-mini with this. No doubt there are a lot of haters of the Samsung line period, and the mini is NOT a smaller version of the S5. Understanding that, and not needing anything more than a solid phone, I like the minis for their size and the Android system. The display is clear, the system is more than fast enough for me, and the 64gb sd-micro card gives me all the storage room I really need. I really like the phone. Hate dealing with the iPhone proprietary everything that badgers my wife and kids (HAD to have the iPhones!). Worked flawlessly with ATT here in the states (the phone is getting the 4-stars, not the provider...not by any means). They did supply a sim card with no trouble, just had to take the phone into the nearest shop. Rep was shocked that the S5 mini was on the market, first one he'd seen. About half the price of a non-contract S5 from ATT. Satisfied.
GOOD
Shipped fast, within 24hrs. Brand new, not refurbished and sold as brand new. Exactly what I expected.
Amazing
Excelent
Good
I like this phone. Easy to use however I don't think it lets you use audio to create messages. Also the Facebook app doesn't have a way to edit posts after they are posted. Much different from an iphone. Photo quality is much better than an iphone 5 and the battery life seems to be pretty good. Great size and light weight.
Excellent Phone
I liked the phone and delivery on time
I am happy with this purchase. I just started using it and it is working fine. It came open and both my sims function well. I am using it in Jamaica.
I love it ...works great . little hard getting used to all the extra functions on it but i love it.
The Best!
Got this to replace my Rugby Pro that's been acting up. I love it. It's only slightly bigger than my Rugby and the colors are amazing. I've been able to set it up just like my Rugby and my daughter loves the Kids Mode. I've only had it a week but so far so good.
Is ok.
The item is awesome i'll purchase one more unit..
good
No doubt on this phone I like it.
Phone was delivered on time and came new unopened. It's working great and I'm enjoying it.
Excellent product, good quality
Extremely happy with my purchase.
Excelente
Fit as expected Somewhat large Too large
Working well
Thanks a lot!
exelente
I like it
Excellent!!
a great phone
Excellent
Great phone. The screen looks really good.
great
all good
Nice mobile, very classy. Love the FM radio that relies on ear buds (included) as antenna. One weak point is the speed of the device due to a lesser chip than more expansive phones. Compared to my Nexus 5 however, the battery life is fantastic. Nice job in updating the S5 to "new edition."
Bought the one sold by Amazon (there are two versions of this phone. I got the G903M Duos). It does have 2 sim card ports in the back. It is a little bit "laggy" on some applications every now and again. I find that once I run the SD Maid Cleaner app it helps tremendously (Maybe a memory issue). It plays all the games I've tried so far; Pokemon GO and Sim city (not a big gamer). I did get an OTA update to android version 6.0. I'm with T-Mobile and it works great with them including LTE service. I love this phone because it still has a removable battery and its water resistant. It does not have the charging port cover and they went back to the old USB plug instead of the larger one the regular S5's had. It does not have the old IR remote controller for TV's, etc., I do miss that as I used it all the time but worth the trade off for the updated processor. Since I was upgrading from an older S5 one of my primary concerns was whether or not all the old accessories would fit this phone. I am happy to say that everything down to the screen protector is still the same and I did not have to buy any new accessories.
Samsung S5 still has removable battery, but now with standard size charging cable. Good software. I use a tempered glass screen protector just to be extra careful because I couldn't find any information if this is gorilla glass or not.
Perfect
I purchased this unlocked for a move overseas and am not putting as SD card in it until I arrive in S America in 6 weeks. So far it powers up and the screen is bright. I will try to update review later. I love that it has a removable battery.
Just received this phone a few days ago and so far I really like it. I'm not sure if the other reviewers on here are reviewing the right phone since there are different vendors selling the same phone on Amazon. The one I bought was sold and shipped by Amazon and has the following features that other say it doesn't.1. It is dual SIMM. It has 2 SIMM slots and the ability to switch between them.2. It works fine on AT&T LTE. I have had no connection problems with it using 4G LTE on AT&Ts network.Maybe they're reviewing a phone they bought from a different vendor. I made sure I bought the one from Amazon. I inserted my SIMM and it worked right off the bat. Picked up the black one for the same price as the gold, must've been a one day sale.I'm happy with it so far. Big upgrade from my 4 year old S3.
Bought the one sold by Amazon (there are two versions of this phone. I got the G903M Duos). It does have 2 sim card ports in the back. It is a little bit "laggy" on some applications every now and again. I find that once I run the SD Maid Cleaner app it helps tremendously (Maybe a memory issue). It plays all the games I've tried so far; Pokemon GO and Sim city (not a big gamer). I did get an OTA update to android version 6.0. I'm with T-Mobile and it works great with them including LTE service. I love this phone because it still has a removable battery and its water resistant. It does not have the charging port cover and they went back to the old USB plug instead of the larger one the regular S5's had. It does not have the old IR remote controller for TV's, etc., I do miss that as I used it all the time but worth the trade off for the updated processor. Since I was upgrading from an older S5 one of my primary concerns was whether or not all the old accessories would fit this phone. I am happy to say that everything down to the screen protector is still the same and I did not have to buy any new accessories.
Samsung S5 still has removable battery, but now with standard size charging cable. Good software. I use a tempered glass screen protector just to be extra careful because I couldn't find any information if this is gorilla glass or not.
Perfect
I purchased this unlocked for a move overseas and am not putting as SD card in it until I arrive in S America in 6 weeks. So far it powers up and the screen is bright. I will try to update review later. I love that it has a removable battery.
Just received this phone a few days ago and so far I really like it. I'm not sure if the other reviewers on here are reviewing the right phone since there are different vendors selling the same phone on Amazon. The one I bought was sold and shipped by Amazon and has the following features that other say it doesn't.1. It is dual SIMM. It has 2 SIMM slots and the ability to switch between them.2. It works fine on AT&T LTE. I have had no connection problems with it using 4G LTE on AT&Ts network.Maybe they're reviewing a phone they bought from a different vendor. I made sure I bought the one from Amazon. I inserted my SIMM and it worked right off the bat. Picked up the black one for the same price as the gold, must've been a one day sale.I'm happy with it so far. Big upgrade from my 4 year old S3.
Nice mobile, very classy. Love the FM radio that relies on ear buds (included) as antenna. One weak point is the speed of the device due to a lesser chip than more expansive phones. Compared to my Nexus 5 however, the battery life is fantastic. Nice job in updating the S5 to "new edition."
Nice mobile, very classy. Love the FM radio that relies on ear buds (included) as antenna. One weak point is the speed of the device due to a lesser chip than more expansive phones. Compared to my Nexus 5 however, the battery life is fantastic. Nice job in updating the S5 to "new edition."
Bought the one sold by Amazon (there are two versions of this phone. I got the G903M Duos). It does have 2 sim card ports in the back. It is a little bit "laggy" on some applications every now and again. I find that once I run the SD Maid Cleaner app it helps tremendously (Maybe a memory issue). It plays all the games I've tried so far; Pokemon GO and Sim city (not a big gamer). I did get an OTA update to android version 6.0. I'm with T-Mobile and it works great with them including LTE service. I love this phone because it still has a removable battery and its water resistant. It does not have the charging port cover and they went back to the old USB plug instead of the larger one the regular S5's had. It does not have the old IR remote controller for TV's, etc., I do miss that as I used it all the time but worth the trade off for the updated processor. Since I was upgrading from an older S5 one of my primary concerns was whether or not all the old accessories would fit this phone. I am happy to say that everything down to the screen protector is still the same and I did not have to buy any new accessories.
Samsung S5 still has removable battery, but now with standard size charging cable. Good software. I use a tempered glass screen protector just to be extra careful because I couldn't find any information if this is gorilla glass or not.
Perfect
I purchased this unlocked for a move overseas and am not putting as SD card in it until I arrive in S America in 6 weeks. So far it powers up and the screen is bright. I will try to update review later. I love that it has a removable battery.
Just received this phone a few days ago and so far I really like it. I'm not sure if the other reviewers on here are reviewing the right phone since there are different vendors selling the same phone on Amazon. The one I bought was sold and shipped by Amazon and has the following features that other say it doesn't.1. It is dual SIMM. It has 2 SIMM slots and the ability to switch between them.2. It works fine on AT&T LTE. I have had no connection problems with it using 4G LTE on AT&Ts network.Maybe they're reviewing a phone they bought from a different vendor. I made sure I bought the one from Amazon. I inserted my SIMM and it worked right off the bat. Picked up the black one for the same price as the gold, must've been a one day sale.I'm happy with it so far. Big upgrade from my 4 year old S3.
I've heard no complaints from my wife so far, so I guess everything is rock solid.
Was like new.\
Phone was in great condition. Looks great and works like new. Arrived on-time
Its perfect
Phone is in great condition and preforms well
This Samsung galaxy s5 phone I purchased USED, and I must say it was very lightly used (not anymore tho!). Shipped fast, which is another wonderful thing if your like me and can't wait for your new phone to arrive! As for the operation of the phone- it is the absolute best phone I have ever owned (I am writing this review using it). It's operation system is super easy, screen is big enough for me to feel like I'm not squinting, and I can still fit it in my back pocket. It has an awesome picture, also takes pretty good photos, and I would know about that because I do photography! So when I need to take a quick pic I just pull out this bad boy and it can get the job done. It can take a beating, BUT the screen can be fragile, but put a Glass screen protector on it and it can save you big time!I will never own anything other than a Samsung Galaxy-
Great phone for the price, Looks like new very happy with the transaction.
phone was shipped fast... only thing be prepared to have to take it to your phone provider to get a new sim card.
works great with my Straight Talk Service!!!
Bought this unlocked so I could use Straight Talk and was a little worried that it would be refurbished, wouldn't work with straight talk, or be some weird International version. Well, I have had it almost 6 months and it works wonderfully, synced up to Straight Talk with no problems at all, and is exactly as I hoped it would be at way less in price than the stores. In fact this is the second one I have bought as I also bought one for my daughter over a year and she also sings high praises.Great purchase!
I ordered a galaxy 5 unlocked along with another brand I was interested in. I had never had either of them available in a store where they were useable and therefore comparable. I ordered it with other products on a Thursday, they all said"order by o'clock and have it Saturday see shipping details. I did pay two day shipping. I believe I received this about 12 days later and it was an AT&T phone. I own a Samsung Tab 10. Love it. Not only is this phone nice. Easy on the eyes, good one handed operation and all the bells and whistles but the appeal for me was to have a device that would sync totally as a system with my tab finally. The phone I was comparing it with had all the same stuff and a lot more. I had decided to keep that one when the galaxy finally showed up. Even though the phone was stuffed with AT&T bloatware I seriously started to consider this phone. In the end even though I really hadn't wanted a large phone, I found it easier and more enjoyable to take advantage of all the bells and whistles with it. With the galaxy it just started looking like this flagships phone little brother. Trying real hard to be big brother but just not mature enough. Lol Dealing with the at&t problem did have a big effect on my decision. I wonder what a truly unlocked galaxy might have done to my decision.
Don't tell the wife. Christmas you know!
yes , nice cell phone good work and speed in the applications, very recommended
Excellent I received the phone on the expecting days, everything was good it was the right model SM-G900A, i need this model because of the bands in 4g that this particular model has (LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 17(700) ) and my carrier use the band 4 for the LTE. thanks to the sellers oatc2012.
Great phone! Charging port has some ware and the edges of the phone have a few dings (expected being refurbished) but functions as if it was new.
Excellent phone. ...love it
So far so good but my wife's phone has trouble with pictures and videos. Also when I Sbeam pics from one phone to the other, the pics are saved in download rather than on the SD card...any way to fix that?
Satisfied with the product
So far this phone is working perfectly. It has a very clear screen and all the options we need. It would have been helpful to have a manual included with the phone but the on-line manual has been helpful so far. We have had the phones for only a few days so it is fairly early to give it a complete assessment.
Was very very nervous about purchasing over the Internet . So many horror stories. But the seller has mostly great reviews...I got exactly what was described and what I expected..I will definitely buy from this seller again. Not to mention I got an incredible price..
Bueno
Love it.
The phone is just new and very nice. There is nothing to complain about, I'm glad to have this smartphone... :)
Phone arrived in very good condition, with charger and ear buds. This is my 3rd GS5 and this is my first refurbished one. This is my third day using this phone and haven't noticed any thing significantly flawed with this device compared to the new ones I've owned. With one minor exception that the home button and one of the touch pad seem a little sensitive, but still a almost perfect device.
First hand, I don't know because I bought it for my nephew 2 weeks ago and then had it shipped to him. He seems to like it so I guess so far it's a good deal.
so far only complaint is difficulty figuring out how to get nano sim card in it...and a bit of att junk software. you can root the phone but there's not root control software for this version yet.
As advertised and functions/ works great.
just great
Great phone, does everything I need and more
If you purchase from a reputable vendor you will get exactly the brand new AT&T compatible Samsung S5 that works immediately on any AT&T/GSM network as soon as you plug in your sim card. I got mine from GoodGuys.BEWARE: My first purchase, from Supreme Deals 18, resulted in my getting a cheap Chinese knock off that didn't recognize the sim card, had slightly different packaging and booted up in Chinese. I had to return it.
Love it!!!! Shipped in a timely manner just as promised. Easy to set up and works with straight talk plan. Great price too :)
Phone works great.....I love it.
Exelent!!!...
It arrives perfect as I saw it and looks so beautiful. Thanks I am so happy for have it again with me.
Very happy with the phone. Have not found anything neg. about it yet.
I love it
Is is what I expected. Arrived on time. Came in original box.
Excellent celphone...
Got a refurbished one. Everything works. Only signs of damage was a nick on the plastic on the side. But it was refurbished. So my expectations were met perfectly.
Excelent
Excellent
Great phone. Great pics. Fast delivery.
very nice
very good case
I love the phone!"it is so cool...it is like an extention of my body....I take it everywhere with me...
STILL loving this phone..I was suspicious since it took longer than usual to deliver( it happens) but this company took the fear away and gave me an extra 30 days warranty. VERY THOUGHTFUL. It's been going strong ever since. I appreciate the professionalism and live my phone
Bought this as a gift for my mom! very good product! authentic and works well. my mom was a happy camper!
Good phone but overheating
I love the phone very much. It came with everything except the headsets. No scratch, no dense, looks just like new!
i have been using my new phone from June 13 so far im in love with it......but now its June 21 I started having issues with the back space arrow restarting normally helps soim guessing its a software issue because the screend gets active like I'm touching it also
Yes I did!
Great product & wonderful customer service!!!
Phone arrived quickly and was new as advertised. Has the same camera quality of the S6, and it wasn't worth paying twice as much as this phone just for a quicker processor.Took it to Cricket for activation. Only hitch in that process was figuring out my account number on the Tracfone to switch the number.
Phone is working perfectly, very good buy no regrets
Easily the best phone me, and all of my friends have ever owned. The "dated" hardware is still superior to the current iphone 6's. The camera is fantastic too! One of the best I've ever seen on a smartphone. I absolutely love it the phone all around!
A little laggy (even after removing/disabling unessentials), but given it is the last generation it is acceptable, I am happy with it :)
I had the S4 and i thought it was the best phone i ever had, wowo this S5 is much more nicer. I love the futures it came withI have no issues whatsoever. For the price i think it was cool
first smart phone no problems
Works great on straight talk. I've got super fast 4g lte. I was a bit nervous because when I used the straight talk website to set up my APN settings I ended up with only 4g....I did some digging and found the 4G lte APN settings on YouTube. Here are the straight talk APN settings if you need them like I did.Name: Straight TalkAPN: tfdataProxy: not setPort: not setUsername: not setPassword: not setServer: not setMMSC: http://mms-tf.netMultimedia message proxy: mms3.tracfone.comMultimedia message port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: not setAPN type: default,supl,mms,hipri,tfdataBearer: unspecifiedMobile virtual network operator type: none
Loved it.
Have had this for a few months now. I love it. Very happy that I choose this phone. It's not too big, gets a great signal and is fast.
Arrived in perfect condition and works perfect.
I was so skeptical about ordering a cell phone from amazon only bc of the reviews saying the phones were not new, certain parts of the phones didn't work, etc. I took that chance bc I was in dying need of a phone and didn't want to pay 500 plus dollars for a phone. The phone was packaged nicely, new earpiece, the phone appeared to be brand new, etc. . The ONLY reason I didnt give it a 5 stars is bc of the volume. The people on the other end can't hear me well unless the phone is on speakerphone or I have the earpiece in. If the sender could fix this problem, that would be great. But Not one to complain but It's pretty annoying. Besides the volume, I definitely would recommend. Thanks :)
Very good phone.
It's Original! Bought this as new. I was worried, with all the comments about ordering new and getting remanufactured or worse a clone from various vendors. First thing I did before even loading SIM card was to install application "Phone Info - Samsung" from Play Store to verify was new/original - it was. Item was promptly shipped and arrived in good shape.As for phone itself. It is unlocked (using Consumer Cellular) but is loaded with ATT screen logo and apps plus tied to ATT store. You will want to use the ATT store to immediately upgrade the phone to Android 5.1.1. The phone does not come with a user manual or any other documentation. You will want to go to Samsung website to get the S5 user manual for Android 5.1.1 and to register the phone. The manuals on ATT are not up to date.This is not the S5 Active version but is supposed to be waterproof. I might trust if getting damp in rainstorm but do not expect it to survive drop in toilet or other water hazard. One thing that does annoy me is the screen does not rotate 180 degrees for applications. This makes it impossible to put on stand in portrait mode when plugged into charger. Even worse is the screen does not rotate at all for any home screen and many applications. I am surprised at this as I have the 8in Samsung Tab 3 and this is not an issue. For some reason, for many apps, the phone does not hold settings when a application is updated. After every update cycle I have to check SD Card under Application management to move apps back onto SD Card. That and default apps can be reset and/or removed from home screens.I purchased the S5 instead of the S6 because you can replace batteries and insert an optional SD memory card. The S6 no longer has these features. All though the S5 is noted for long battery life, you will want a spare. With a fully charged battery I started a one hour Skype call. After the Skype call I was down to 48%. I haven't yet played multi-hour video but suspect you may want to stay plugged in or have spare battery ready.
This is my see conditions galaxy. Love them.
Excellent phone.I live in Ontario Canada (very hard to get an unlocked Samsung GS5 here) so I had to get this through family in the US... still cheaper than a no contract, unlocked one here through one of our major carriers, despite the currency exchange and the shipping.Samsung region locks its phones. Annoying! Had to do some research on which bands are supported on which model of the S5.Fully functional with Telus (including its 4G LTE network). Also tested on the Bell network. Can't be sure that it works on Rogers but probably works.
I have had this phone for around 1-2weeks. Thus far, I feel good. It is a genuine S5 phone tested by software. Recommended.
I really enjoy this phone however I admit to still learning how to operate it. Lots of options.
Great phone shipped on time, new in original box with charger block, cord, battery and ear buds, along with all documentation. Just what I was looking for, delivered when I needed it. Would not hesitate to buy again, great experience.
bought for hubby and he loves it
excelent product
excellent 100 % responsabilite
I ordered this phone for when I travel back to my home country. It came unlocked and ready to use. I love it. Works like a charm.
As described
Good.
Excellent quality, prompt delivery, very satisfied customer. Love it when sellers deliver what they promise! (THANKS)
Yay! Glad I bought three of these tried and tested S5 phones - at least my house is not at risk of burning down.All brand new - worked great - and charge quickly..
Great price, and in perfect condition.
Kargia
Happy so far.
Perfect! Bought for hubby for birthday. He loves it
Excellent
Wow, not only was this lowest-price I found on the web, the phone literally was flawless. It looked brand new!! A trip to AT&T and a new SIM card and I was set. Heck the phone told me my Samsung S4 SIM needed be changed so of of its new features would work. FREE of charge BTW.
takes a little getting used to after having the s3 but I like it. the batter life is MUCH better than the s3
I would never know this was used and reconditioned! This Samsung looks brand new! It came in it's original box with the phone wrapped up. Great presentation. The phone was already charged so I could start using it as soon as I added my SIM card! Much better than my S4.
Scratched. Otherwise good condition
Great phone. Great phone. Great phone. It does so much. It is very fast. The battery lasts a lot longer than my last phone and charges up quickly. There are so many things this phone can do. Totally awesome
I like it.
good
excellent product, perfect working order includes all items shown in the product offering
Great camera!! And being dust proof and water resistant it will be perfect for my outdoor recreational life style.
As expected.
It is an AT&T unlocked phone. AT&T often updates the phone, and sometimes erases my APN and sets it to a NEXTGENPHONE.Works fine but for the annoying AT&T logo and music startup, AT&T settings and apps I can not delete, and those AT&T updates.The standard texting app that came with the phone will not send pictures in messages. Using the android app for all texting now.Good screen, easy to read. Takes beautiful pictures.Using Straight Talk SIM.
Gorgeous
i like it
Yes, it did love it
love it
The product is good and new, and am happy with it.
Yes. It exceeded my expectations. Great phone, great features and wonderful quality. Works fantastic.
I loved this phone defiantly one of my faves
👍🏽
Works well in Canada. Doesn't seem to be the first choice phones from the manufacturer, I suddenly experience extreme lag and have to reboot about once every two weeks.No complaints other than that.
Great company. Great phone.
Phone was purchased for a Consumer Cellular contract. Delivery and price were excellent, and the phone works fine.
This was purchased for my wife and it is an excellent product. She uses the camera all the time and the cellular function has been perfect. She is pleased and that makes me happy. In particular the ability to open the camera app when you are logged out is a very important aspect of the Galaxy S5 and the fact that it is somewhat weather resistance is a big plus.
I bought this as a gift so I don't have any daily use with it, but it was in great condition when I got it, and it's been in use for a little over a week now and no reported problems. It runs just as well if not better than my own GS5.
Awesome phone! My 15 year old received it for Christmas and loves it!
Did not receive all the manuals that should have been in the package for a new product.
Got it as a gift for dad and he loves it. Amazing quality and comes in its original packaging. I use metro pcs and i was able to get it connected within a couple of minutes. Love everything about this phone
excellent
Brand new Samsung Galaxy S5 as listed. Put my son's Cricket SIM in and was enjoying LTE service in minutes.
Great product. Excellent service.
Excellent phone at very good price. You should buy a screen protector and case as soon as possible. I got this for my wife and she loves it but was carrying it on her pocket and the screen cracked against her keys. Phone still works great, needless to say we got a screen protector and case soon afterwards.
My son really l iked this phone. Make sure you get a decent cover or skin or it
This is a really great phone without any notable flaws.
I bought this phone used. Came in perfect condition, everything works perfectly. I've had this phone for over a month now and I've had absolutely no problems with it. Android>iPhone.
Nice
The phone checks out great so far, I love it. It has the AT&T logo on it and it also has their song when turning it on but other than that the phone is still unlocked and once you add in your sim card, it instantly connects with your carrier.
Excellent quality and the product is nice, good seller
excelente
I love this phone. It is better than the newer versions in my opinion as you can add an sd card, swap the battery, and it is light and easy to hold. With that said the phone I received is an AT&T branded phone. I am with AT&T so for me this is not an issue but I am not sure if it would work with T-Mobile.
I recently bought this phone from Amazon a d found out it is. Not unlocked as advertised and spent an hour on the phone (landline) unlocking it. The phone is great otherwise, but had to uninstall all ATT apps, what a pain, do not know if I would buy another phone from Amazon. Buyer Beware.
Work perfect I give to to one of my friend en El Salvador he enjoyed
Good
Brought to put on MetroPCS. After a trip to a Metro store an $15 later, jus had to update the APN and the phone works flawless. There was absolutely no scratches, scuffs or dents. Came with original charger and cables... the best investment I've ever made!
Size and features
Arrived as described
It has the "blank screen" glitch, but I can live with that, otherwise a wonderful phone.
Wonderfull
Item as dedscribed
Arrived in good condition and is fully functional.
Great cell phone. Nice camera with great quality! I love it! :-)
Love it.
I am very happy with my galaxy s5, the cell-sell seller was very attentive as to the description of the phone.Samsung Galaxy S5 arrived new in original box, brand new in plastic !! as it is as the seller said. I actually still not touched bottom and as yet I have a s4, just get out of this I will release my s5.phone looks good in appearance, has a at & t logo on the back and when you turn.It is unlocked.
Really nice phone. A good compromise between lower and phones and the ridiculously expensive highest end ones. Only issue with it is for some reason, it seems to have lower reception and internet connectivity than my old LG phone while using the same metro-pcs provider.
Great phone and good price.
I am absolutely committed to the Android that only Samsung can offer. Way to go. I don't have the techy words to say how, each day I discover new features that simply thrill me. There is a heart monitor on the back for resting heart rate.....Love it... the camera actually takes pictures of my dogs Without, without red eye!!!!! I love the sound, the speed, the technology and the fact that it is an android and not an apple.
Great product. I highly recommend it if you are converting to Straight Talk Wireless.
I would give 4 stars if I didn't have 2 problems that I've had since I bought the phone a week ago... one thing that has happened is my phone when taking pictures with flash on wiline just turn off by itself and I have to take the entire phone apart and take the battery off just to get it to come back on and Ivery notice that when phone is on speaker phone Noone can hear me while I'm talking other then that the phone is great
I LOVE this phone. I'm still learning the fine points, but it's wonderful having a phone, mini-computer, camera, etc. at your fingertips. I would recommend this to anyone in the market for a new phone.
Awesome phone! Came 100% as described. Appears absolutely brand new! It was a fantastic Xmas gift for my son!
no problems great deal
Purchased this phone and it arrived brand new in the box, swapped in the wifes old sim card from an S3, and bam we were off. No issues whatsoever. (ATT)
I am very pleased with the service and product quality, I recommend 100%
Nice and lightning fast! No problems with the phone 3 weeks in. I love it!
great phone
very useful
excellent i like the phone it fits my needs.
Excellent product
Prompt delivery, every accessory in the box, and absolutely original. I already recommended it to a friend who has already purchased one of these too.
Great phone and just what i wanted. I would recommend this phone to anyone that likes android phones. I changed from apple to this phone
excelente a-1
Good cell I like I recommend it came with everything new.
Even though this phone was used, it looked brand new. No signs of use or anything.
Very pleased with the phone and the service
was an awesome phone, although I had to return it because it was not compatible with Boost :-(
great device. great seller
I am super happy that I got the Samsung S5. I got it about 1 month ago from SCE Enterprise.I picked it for its camera, and I have been continuously impressed at the resolution. The system provides various special features, e.g. video stabilization, burst shots, face detection, and then the usual, white balance, ISO, exposure value. The front facing camera is useful, good enough to skype.The processor is fast, turning it on and off takes about 30 seconds. I downloaded ~25 apps, and it runs fine.The speakers are not very loud, not enough for me to sing along during a shower.The charging portal is not a conventional one, which is unpleasant because I need to buy several more. And if I forget one when I am away from home, my friends won't have extras.The battery life is pretty low, maybe 1 percentage decrease per 1.5 minutes. If I am watching something 3 hours straight, it would be dead. Overnight, it goes down about 12 % just on standby. The battery is a regular Samsung battery.I am on an AT&T plan, and the phone adjusted smoothly. I had to go to the store to exchange for a smaller SIM card, which took about 30 minutes. The only bump was when my data didn't work due to an old APN. So, I added a new one for ATT and it works fine now.Overall, I am super pleased.
Excellent service and product! I am delighted!
very good
Good phone,only put sim and ready to used
I ordered the s5 a couple weeks ago after my Galaxy III decided to kick the bucket, and I'm finding it to be an incredible improvement over the strengths the III originally had. Rather than go into detail over the phone's features and beat a dead horse (CNET has a very comprehensive review you can read), I'll discuss the "buying experience."I purchased this phone from an Amazon Fulfilled vendor called "The Wireless Circle" (received it within 2 days via Prime!), It came delivered in a standard Amazon cardboard box and the phone itself in typical Samsung packaging, brand new, with a quick-start booklet, headphones, USB 3.0 cable, and a charging plug. The battery was already fully charged.I am an AT&T customer, but the website and the store were going to charge me $519 plus shipping, and no phones were available within a three-store radius where I live (Hah!). I did some online research and realized buying an unlocked phone was the way to go. I could write an essay on the differences between an unlocked and contract-free phone (just Google it) but if it helps - Since I am an AT&T customer, buying an unlocked AT&T phone meant all I needed to do was take it to the store for activation. Even then, all I needed to do when I got there was replace my SIM card.Ergo: I SAVED MONEY by purchasing an unlocked phone. No more 2-year contracts for me! This is how I'm buying my phones from now, on.
This is the best phone I've ever had my hands on. Hands down.
Perhaps I should have purchased an international version but I wanted to be sure I had full access to all available AT&T wireless bands. Inspite of all the AT&T bloatware this SM G900A is still great and arrived from this seller just as stated. Can't say for sure if its actually unlocked, but I as a BYOD customer, I can get an unlock code from AT&T if necessary.Jail breaking can easily get rid of the AT&T and Samsung bloatware too!
Love this phone. Even though it is refurbished it looks like brand new. AT&T got me onto their network with no problems.
Great phone
So far works great.
Love the phone
Good
As expected. It just came very late. Great S5 brand new. Although I ordered a regular S5 and got AT&T model twice but it's OK. Just needed a second phone and it works how it should.
So happy with my new phone. The packaging was perfect.
Great phone
Very nice phone. Love Android. PROBLEM: battery does not last as expected...
This is a fantastic phone. It's easy to see why the Samsung Galaxy series is an industry juggernaut.
Bought it for a friend in Honduras and he's in love with his Galaxy S5. It was ready to use, didn't have to unblock it again as you have to do with some phones, he just put in his chip and was ready to go. Great phone
This phone has met many of my expectations. It arrived as promised. The features are handy to use. I still get frustrated with it sometimes though. It seems to change the home and lock screen back to the default whenever it feels like it. Some apps get stuck and don't function properly. As I am not sure if these are user error or issues with the phone, I hesitate to give it a low rating.
It had scuffs on the sides of the phone but works great
Nice item, no problems
Very happy with purchase. I have had 4 phones in the past year. Needless to say I'm very hard on them! I have returned to Samsung as the other brands just didn't measure up. I use Straight Talk and have for years. Had no problems changing over, just check to make sure it works in your area! Hopefully this will be my last phone for awhile!!
Awesome cellphone quality.To tell you the truth, i was not expecting the phone to be in such good quality. It works just like a new cell phone would.
Works great. Has a tiny bit of scratches on the frame, but it looks fabolous. I was able to activate it with my phone company without a problem. Extremely pleased.
Awesome phone
Great phone
Fair price.
I've seen a lot of negative reviews on this phone; a lot of complaints. I've not had any problem at all with it, nor have any complaints about it. IVe had it for 2 wks. It's got great reception and is a very fast phone. However, this could always have something to do with your service and area you live in that determines how well that is. Has nothing to do with the actual phone. It has awesome camera quality! It has a lot of ringtones. It has several wallpapers. Short time to fully charge! Slow to lose full charge unlike the iphone I had. With this phone, you can download free music unlike the iPhone I had that went through itunes, which I never used anyway because you have to pay for music. But android phones such as this one probably all come with the option of downloading music for free through Google Play. This phone has already been dropped a few times and no breakage. It even has a different kind of sound if and when it drops; a more thump sound-sturdier unlike the iPhone which is glass and far more fragile. This phone is also very light-weight. My son's phone-like this one, he accidentally dropped out of his second-story window. It didn't break at all. He also accidentally left it in the freezer overnight. Lol It worked fine the next day. This phone also shows a list of all available wifi connections nearby unlike the iPhone I had. This one picks up on wifi nearby all the time which my iphone didn't. Even without the use of wifi uee, the 4G on it works great. It already comes with a screen protector, which was failed to be mentioned in the description. However, I'd bought one anyway not knowing it already came with one. So I'm also using that one. So it can fit two screen protectors if you want. Not necessary of course. But I certainly don't mind. Makes me feel like the phone's screen is even more securely protected. This phone is said to be waterproof. However, I have no use to purposely test that out. Lol I've heard the blood pressure feature doesn't work nor the fingerprint lock screen. I haven't tested either of those out either. Even IF they don't work properly, I still think this is an amazing phone. Besides, those two features aren't really necessary; nice to have I guess. Shouldn't determine how good the phone is overall. I don't regret for a minute buying this phone. I love it!
Great phone and got on time
The only thing to have into account is tha the cellphone is from AT&T, so, if you dont have an AT&T chip you couldnt download any update.
Nice phone, bought it for parents, easy to use for them as they have never had one before.The battery that came with it was loosing conection and turning phone off, they sent a new one and haven't had any problems. Just a fluke I guess.
The product was excellent. comes with a bad USB cable + Charger. but the seller send a replacement ASAP. it was a new phone.
An absolutely gorgeous phone. Upgraded from a Motorola E2, I wanted a phone that had a replaceable battery and a larger screen. I was impressed by the Moto, blown away with the Galaxy resolution! I still need to verify that the phone is unlocked, but being an ATT customer, the phone was previously an ATT unit, so a simple slide in of my sim card and I was on the air. I was a little "let down", I had thought it would have the last version of Kit Kat, it is Lollipop, not a big fan of the newer "google-centric" background data mining. The phone came as indicated, actually in A++++ condition, there was no signs of use/abuse and the screen was flawless.
A++
The item works very well for me, with 4G network even it has T&T logo on it, I use the GoSmart network and it is fine. I like it.
Item as described very good seller
It would be a five star but when my dad recieved the charger didn't work so my dad had to buy another charger but so far he says the phone is good . Honestly, I would recommend you but if please check your chargers before shipping them.Overall, it's a great buy.
I had an iphone 4 and was hesitant to switch platforms. Samsung has a program you can install on your computer to transfer data from an iphone to a Samsung without any issues. That worked perfectly. I love the phone. The camera is better, the processor is faster and I don't have the dead spots for service that I had with my iphone. I didn't change carriers, so it wasn't the carrier. It was the phone. I won't go back to an iphone.
Works great, screen is clear and bright, functions perfectly, and meets my expectations.
Samsung is the new big thing to me. I just love the features and the screen size and clarity.
in great condition
Great, so far so good
I have not had one single problem with this phone. It was my first electronic purchase online and I was a little nervous about it. I would recommend the company this came from any time. Phone was new, in the box, still sealed. I've been using it for about a month and learning new things every day.
camera,,,, really crisp pictures, they are saved by day, nice featuresending pictures, to send a picture all you need to do is check the pictures you are sending, text or email.. so simple..easy to set up pages, and move icons.plenty of customizable features.problems, if you move and icon onto home page's, it is saved and uses more space..has too many apps pre downloadedconstantly updating the predown loaded apps,, annoying ..Still have not been able to customize rings for each person in address book.Bigest Problem Ring tones selection, bites.. I like an old phone ring,,they only have science fiction type ringsand songs dont play loud enough to get my attention. Over all;; compared to my last phone, HTC ONE,, the camera is Great, the phone hasnt slipped out of my hand and droppedso far I am very happy with the phone. just too many pre loads on it taking up space and updating all of the time drains the battery as well. One day i will get around to deleting em..
Thank you I love my phone , I'm comfortable with it , this is really what I was looking for
I love the phone
Good job, thank you.
Same old Samsung quality. Can't beat it
So far so good
I love it
I love it for the most part. It came quickly and looks like new. I bought my mom one also. Both from the good guys electronics and I'm happy with both. Sometimes the volume resets itself but I think that's more or a Samsung thing. Overall worth the money
I don't see any reason why people should waste money buying S6 or S7. This phone has all the features you will actually use as good as other phones and is at half the price.
I really like this phone. Nice size and light weight.
I've used the Galaxy S5 for the last 2 years, but it quit working properly. So I bought another S5. I don't need the most updated phone on the market.
My Samsung galaxy s5 arrived early, and my seller included a gorilla glass screen protector free. Read your selection carefully. Phone was brand new, and is working well. And I love this Phone!
good phone other than couldn't get good signal anywhere I went even though I was on the same network as my previous phone. was new in box with a good price.
Great phone! but sometime I call someone they cant hear me or i cant hear them.
is cool! thank you!
Product came in, let's say, original packaging.But this phone is previously owned by AT&T then seller unlocked it.Just hate that AT&T logo on back cover.Phone is working perfectly and I'm happy about that.
Faster service by the seller and the phone is in excellent condition, good picture quality and easy to operate.
A big step from flip phones. Great first smart phone.
Good proudect
I just got the phone today so it may be a little too soon to post a review. However, it didn't take me long to fall in love with the camera and video quality and settings. They are most impressive. What is not impressive is the ridiculous amount of At&t bloatware. The seller advertised this phone as an UNLOCKED phone, not an At&t unlocked phone. There is a difference. I will update my review in a few months to let you know if the bloatware affects the functionality at all. If it does not, then I will give it the full 5 stars.
I received my phone today...brand new unlocked...I purchased a SIM card for 4.98 from Walmart...works great.
Item delivered quickly and it was as described. It works flawlessly. I'm happy with the product. The seller product was clean, new and in working order when it arrived. I recommend this product and this seller.
great phone though I since changed to windows phone since S6 doesn't have replaceable battery like this one did
Has expected
great phone !!
It's GRRRREAT!!!!! i Love it!!!
I bought it on a vacation to USA. It is delivered on time and it works like a charm.
Works great looks brand new no issues would highly recommend this company to anyone I know
very good
I bought this item to connect it with cricket and it works well. It was clean and there was nothing wrong with the phone itself. I did have a problem with the charging cable, it worked once but never again. I just went to t-moble and got an original charger.
Great.
VERY GOOD AND EXCELLENT PRODUCT DELIVERY
Great phone great seller.
It was ok...!!!!!
Very happy so far. Excellent battery life and seems very fast compared to the Rugby Pro that it replaced.
Love love love!
Phone is new and works great. Just wished it came with updated android version Lollipop. However, the seller is at no fault here.
It is work with movistar Venezuela 4G. Very good product
good
Excellent movile! Very good seller!
Works great on Net 10 here in PR.
It came promptly and packaged well. The phone is working and still getting use to it. And was compatible with Straight Talk. Glad chose it over Iphone
Love this phone
It is so great. Has a lot of easy ...
I love this samsung galaxy s5 really everythingIs Fine & nothing problem, even the price is fair.
Great phone great price!
no regret . my first smart phone. the best choice I ever made excellent item .thank you Amazon. positive experience with online purchase
I ordered this item from seller Wireless Experts, Inc. and so far Im VERY happy with this purchase. The item was suppose to arrive on friday but actually came in 2 days early on Wed and all emails/questions were answered proptly from this seller. Still getting use to and trying everything out but so far no problems. The area i live in is mainly covered by AT&T (Southcentral KY and most of TN) which is why I chose this version of the galaxy so I could make sure it all worked. I use this phone with pre paid straight talk and have no issue, phone works and so does the 4G and 4G LTE internet is blazing fast. Ive had other friends buy other unlocked phones and have problems with 4G LTE off of the AT&T towers but being this is an AT&T version you shouldnt have any issue in areas covered by them (Or as in my case any pre paid service that works off the AT&T network like straight talk). One minor downside is even tho its unlocked all AT&T software/apps CAN NOT be uninstalled only disabled but for me its not a real big issue
Works like a champ. This is a gift for my nephew in France (but he's going to US for school this fall). The phone works well in France and I think it will work well in US (as this is AT&T version, G900A). Took me a while to figure out what model to fit the need though. Very happy with this purchase.
Thanks my Fiance loves his new phone. He ended up wanting to keep this one instead.
Arrived as promised..Product is as stated..
BNIB Quick delivery - highly recommend.
If you're shopping for a new Samsung smartphone, but are shocked by the prices, you may want to consider this one. It came new in the box; the only thing you'll have to get is a SD card for it.I decided on this phone due to lack of options for upgrades with my carrier, and ultra-high prices from other sources.It comes with the charger cord, outlet adapter, and a set of earphones.
I wanted to buy a "new" unlocked phone that would work on the AT&T network here in Alaska. I did a lot of research to ensure this model would work best on their network. It appears that most/ (maybe all) GSM phones with work world-wide on other GSM networks. However, from my research, it seems as though not every GSM phone will with perform as well as the "branded" models that are designed for use on their networks. This appears to especially hold true for what data speed you can potentially connect with i.e., 3G maximum or 4G LTE service.I ordered a new phone and that is exactly what I got. It still had the protective film over all the ports, etc. and the phone clock only had a few minutes of QC test-time on it. It came with a battery, wall charger, ear-buds and instructions. I did have to go to the AT&T store to have them install a micro-SIM because my old phone used the mini-SIM so I could not simply swap it out between the two phones.Overall this a very nice high-end phone. Fast, with a crisp & clear screen. Seems to be working fine on my network and it connects to the LTE signals when I'm in range of those cell towers.
It's a Galaxy S5 so there are plenty of reviews that say what a great phone this is. I was a little concerned about buying a phone online and having it activated by AT&T but there wasn't a problem. I took the phone to my local AT&T store and they installed a new SIM (my old one was the wrong size for this phone) and had me going in minutes. The money I saved buying this phone on Amazon allowed me to buy a ton of accessories.
So far, I'm happy with the Celular. The spec's are as described in the item description in Amazon.
I recently ordered this phone in Dec 2014 and I shipped it to a friend who brought it to the Caribbean for me. Firstly, I went to put in a Sim card by my ISP and they told me that the phone was LOCKED and the description by the seller said the phone was UNLOCKED. I was really disappointed as I had to pay over US$20 to get it unlocked. My thing is just be truthful when describing phones. Also the tethering is also blocked and I am still trying to find a way to unblock it.On the flip side, the phone functions well and I love it especially the cam as it takes clean pictures. The phone was also shipped just as it said it would. #Thumbs up to speedy delivery
Works fine with T-Mobile. Comes with a bunch of AT&T apps I don't need.
Great phone arrived very quickly
I've never bought a phone from Amazon before for the soul reason of doubt, however this phone came in within 2 days, and was in a brand New unopened case with headphones, charging cord, battery and the phone. The phone itself is amazing and I'm extremely happy this product lived up to it's hype. Thank you!!
I ordered an ATT unlocked phone but got, instead, a TMOBILE unlocked phone. Ultimately I decided it was cheaper and easier to keep it than fight for the right phone. I like it fine. I just wanted to have the ATT firmware on the phone.
I was forced into getting a smart phone because my carrier was retiring 2G services. I didn't want to pay $700 for a new phone, so I found this one online. I love the look and feel. I'm still learning about all the features but so far I've been able to customize it to my liking. Samsung has a website that offers tutorials and videos. Very easy to follow. If you have a question, you can chat with a live person and get it resolved.
Although aging, this is still the pentultimate smartphone for all general smartphone applications. Unlocked, it is entirely customisable and you can get the best and chepeast plans for smartphones that are widely avaialble. if you're not going to do hardware intensive things, but like to watch videos, or play games, this is the buy for you. Don't waste your money on a new S6 or S7, This phone is the last Samsung Galaxy S phone to have an open-able back.
The product as per specification. Though AT&T logo on phone, it was unlocked and we are able to use for T-Mobile. Delivered timely.We are satisfied.
So far, so good. I hesitate to give five stars, simply because I've only had this phone for a week. My primary concern with this kind of purchase, as is demonstrated in some reviews with such products, is whether this previous generation of smartphone is truly new and authentic. Once the newest and hottest smartphone version hits the market, any remaining new stock of the previous version is discontinued or swiped up fast (particularly if the previous version is better than the newest). As anyone who has been looking for these models can attest, a lot of the options are refurbished, open-box, unlocked, or most importantly claimed as new but not really. Then you have the issue with whether the model is "international", GSM or something else that might prevent it from doing what the buyer wants it to do.So, I'm happy that I found this at a reasonable price and from a seller that I was able to research and develop some confidence in. I was also able to rely on the Amazon return policy in case things didn't work out. BlutekUSA is the seller, in my case, and I have been quite happy with the result. I believe the phone is indeed new, and perhaps even factory-unlocked versus the seller doing it. And it is the real deal, with all the standard, original accessories included.The phone itself works quite well, compared to my Galaxy S3. I have T-Mobile, and this is an AT&T unlocked phone (that's what the "A" means, in the G900A model), but I was able to simply take my SIM out of my old phone and insert it into the new phone, do some manual setting of the 4G ling so that I could highlight and pick T-Mobile (more networks, mobile networks, APN setting to T-Mobile), and everything works fine. The performance is improved. The battery is stronger, longer lasting and recharges much faster than the Galaxy S3. It was already updated to Android 5.0 Lollipop, and while not a rooted device, I'm satisfied with the operation.
Nice good deal
This review is for the Galaxy S5 specifically from Bluetek. The phone I received from this company was new and in original packaging. A charger, battery and earbuds were included. The phone arrived well packed and in perfect condition. Everything works perfectly and I am very happy with the product. My only complaint is all the bloat ware that is included with these phones but that is Samsung, not the vendor. If this is the phone you want then I would recommend this vendor as being reliable.
Works great so far. Had to manually input the access points for T-Mobile to get decent reception. Also did not have any data until I manually updated the access points. Clearly was not new, maybe refurbished but good condition.
Phone was brand new. Added to my at&t with no problems.
Works fine.
Phone is everything I hoped it would be. Very happy.
Excellent Option
Truly an awesome phone with lots of great features. Syncs with all my other Samsung electronics.
This entire transaction met my expectation. The item was delivered before the projected date. The phone met the advertised information and works excellently. I rate it A+
Brand new
The seller came through . Succeeded expectations
I have been using it, up to this point, don't have any problems with the S5.
it was exactly the way it was described I'm very satisfied with the shipping and the product
Working good
Super phone.
Love this phone! It charges and stays charged much faster than the iPhone I previously had.
Can't complain twas over expectation
Like it very much
Beautiful phone, works great!
Great picture quality , lots of space to download apps. Absolutely great deal on the phone. Have no issues so far would recommend this phone to my friends and family. amazon you rock.
I bought this phone foe my husband , he loves it and prefer to have this over iPhone.
Excellent. Ver good en ad time
Pros: It's super fast, has a fingerprint scanner, takes an external sd card, can take your pulse, has a beautiful display, and was easy to set upCons: The menu buttons do different things than previous models which is still throwing me off, the auto brightness is way too dark in a dark room, there's still some bloatware that can't be disabled, and the ability to restrict app permissions was removedOverall I believe this was a great deal!
My significant other loves her new GS5. Works flawlessly with Consumer Celluar (AT&T network).Phone was brand new and runs 4G LTE (here in the United States) wonderfully.Might have to purchase another for myself. Very happy with my purchase. Would be glad to by through BREED again.
Fantastic phones but it would be helpful to us non-techie folks if you clearly state there are no SIM cards included.
Excellent. On time delivery, in fact got it before the said date and time and Product is brand new and Awesome. Thanks Breed and Amazon.Great Job done together.
Amazing Phones and a great price!!!!
great cellphone
The phone worked fine and was in better shape than described.
Bought as a birthday present for my husband, he positively loves it, works great, had it for a month.
Great phone, the company that sold it was nice enough to place a screen protector on it before shipping.
Great phone . Some differences from S3 but works fine .
I used Samsung phones for a while and had always been a kind of underwhelmed by the Aesthetics of the devices. But the S5 is a different story it really is a sharp device. My refurbished one runs like a brand new piece of technology.
thanks everything perfect.
Phone is great, no issues, almost all Android apps are compatible with it. Only one issue, my back cover chipped and peeled within a week and I have to use duct tape to keep it on.
Great product and fast delivery!!
Charger provided was off brand, resulting in super slow charging speeds. Otherwise, great phone!
Love it. Great Deal
There's nothing that can compare to a galaxy camera. The S5 is a bit bulky for my taste, but 2014 was the year for it. Thankfully it's not as ridiculous looking as the IPhone6+. I purchased an open GSM formerly Verizon version, it proved to be difficult, not sending or accepting MMS or Group Messages. Seller:LaptopAid had incredible customer service in attempting to fix the problem. The price was great at less than $175. I will be returning for my next phone purchase.
Great phone.
works good
attended immediately and resolved the situation quickly and professionally fulfilled all expectations in a positive way, thank you very much
Product is working excellent
Love this phone! I use it with the Straighttalk unlimited plan and the phone works great! Phone, seller and service are highly recommended
So far, so good, so satisfied!!!!
Excellent product.
I love my Samsung S5 I would not trade it unless it got broken or something it does every thing I want it to .
fast and accurate service
Best phone I have ever had so far. My quality of life has went up dramatically. Thank you
Great experience in regards to shipping on time and setup of phone
Great camera. Easy to read text. Long battery life. Loving it!
Love my new phone. .works very well..should have been ordered it
Excellent
It came in an original Samsung packaging, with all accessories (headphones, USB cord, charger, manuals). I had to order the screen protector separately. It is ATT branded and loaded with too much unnecessary junk. I can't figure out how to remove most of it, since I am not using it. I use it with Cricket and also ATT, works well.
Like it..thank you
EXCELENTE
Excellent quality. They arrived on time. I am very happy with my phone
I can't complain much about it. It does what it's meant to do and I'm happy with my purchase.
Phone is nice, I love it.
Great
Great packaging, awesome phone this was like new GREAT BUY
I ordered an unlocked AT&T 4g LTE Samsung s5. It was Delivered on time. I was able to follow the tracking. Even though it came through USPS (UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE), the phone got to me in 2 days. No shipping charges nor sales tax, and I'm not a Prime Member either. The phone was in excellent condition, actually it was brand new in a tightly sealed package. The 3.0 charging/syncing cable was included. As well as the charger and ear phones, with extra ear buds to change out or replace lost ones. I have Straight Talk and took my sim card out of my HTC ONE VX and placed it in the s5. Installed the battery, Turned on phone, set up phone, and worked great. Battery was at full charge. Only issue, not having anything to do with the seller, I had to call Straight Talk and get the correct APN settings. I googled the APN settings and everything was correct except a couple of those APN settings. I wasn't able to connect to the internet, unless I had wifi. But after getting the correct APN settings from Straight Talk, I could connect to the internet without any issues. ***If you do have Straight Talk and you need help with the APN settings, it would be best if you called from a different phone. The reason why i say that is because they will not want to help you put in the correct settings. ***The phone has crystal clear videos. No drop calls. Able to hook up to bluetooth devices without any issues. Awesome graphics for games. Waiting for my 128gb sd card to come in to expand the memory. The S6 does not allow you to remove the battery nor add an micro SD card and that us another reason i chise thjs phone. Wife really likes the phone and she is considering getting one as well. I Watched the youtube video on the water test. The guy had the phone in 3 feet of water for an hour and never stopped working. I put my phone in a 5 gallon bucket of water for 15 minutes and nothing happened. Yeah it would have sucked if i messed it up by doing that, but i was confident nothing would happen. you want a phone that you will enjoy, purchase this phone. You want regret it. I first thought about the newest iPhone, but I'm glad I got the s5. I was just dissapointed that I didn't order it sooner.
I've had this less than 1 week so far. It keeps the charge very well. With the 4G enabled whole day, it charge only dropped down to 60%. Adding to that about an hour talk time. (My previous galaxy S2 ran completely out of charge at the end of the day even without doing any thing, if 4G was on)I turned off both the 4G and wireless, at the end of the day it had 80% charge. I think it is remarkable. I have not tested the water proof feature yet :)
What can I say, it's a Galaxy! Works as advertised, does all the stuff you want from a personal electronic phone device!!
I love this phone. Moved up from an S3, and found the extras well worth it. Wasn't sure I'd like the slightly bigger screen, but do, and it still fits in my pocket, though a bit tighter. I have yet to see any advantage to an IPhone when the Samsung phones are so much more user friendly and capable.
Great phone. Somehow I ended up with a doa charging/data cable. No big deal, I blame samsung. Everything else was perfect!
It was in very good condition the only thing with it was there was a a chip of paint missing off the home button but over all good
very happy with the smartphone, running 4g right now with movistar venezuela carrier i recommend greatfully this seller, great seller, great price, great smartphone
Pretty good device, works great on international lines.
Received wrong phone the first time but the second time I received the right phone. Still pretty fast for an older phone. Front camera SUCKS!! Other than that no complaints.
Arrived in good condition and in a timely manner. There was no user manual (only a "start up" leaflet) but I downloaded the fulluser manual for use on my computer. There was also no warranty card included, but I did register the phone on Samsung'sweb site.
very good
This phone was for my grandson, so i don't have first hand experience, but he said it's good and everything he expected it to be.
Everything fit nice and I have not received the phone yet.
Great phone. However I will upgrade to s7 soon.
Nice phone
I have a Galaxy tablet. It works well with this mobile phone. The phone is not too large or too small. Perfect fit. It IS unlocked, as advertised. Had absolutely no problem at AT&T switching from my old phone to the new one. Easy to use, The only glitch...still can't get it to "read" my fingerprint. But will work on researching the troubleshooter when I have more time.
great phone, good price. Have had no issues with this phone
Damn good phone with a damn good camera. I'm in real estate and talk on the phone constantly. Works very well and battery lasts long enough to make it through the day if you use power saving feature. First one sent to me had a RED WATER DAMAGE INDICATOR! I called the seller and he quickly sent me another that was in great shape and as described like new.
Excellent product. No problems. Arrived quickly.
Perfect brand new unlocked phone.
Great phone no signs of pervious wear!🙌
fine
5.0 out of 5 starsExtremely satisfied - both the phone & the vendor!
Takes a while to get it up and running, but the phone is great.
Came a day earlier than I thought it would since I ordered on a Friday. I ordered two and they're both perfect. Thank you!
Wonderful phone in perfect new condition. Came with protective screen, no need to add Zagg Invisible Shield. Was unlocked as stated.
Great phone at a super price
Received as told. Phone came in original box. It had a charger and earphones (with multiple size ear pieces included) No instructions but, you can download them from Samsung web sight .Phone works great. Everything I was hoping for. Screen free of scratches. Had no problem taking the SIM card from my old LG Leon and slipping it into my Galaxy 5s. I have Simple Mobile. Not sure about how other companies work.
Said condation was very good and when I got it I could not find any ware on the phone. Very satisfied.
Satisfied
A wonderful phone! This is by far the best phone I have ever had. It is loaded with a crap ton of features, I'm still trying to learn them after having the phone for a few weeks. It is fast, so far has been able to handle everything I've thrown at it. The camera is fairly good too, 16mp and great 1080p video. It has a smooth motion setting that makes your video incredibly clear and smooth frame rate. So far I am absolutely loving it. The only downside to it is that the battery is kind of weak. My phone is at about 40-50% by the time I get home from work with light use all day. Aside from that one thing, this phone is a great buy for the price I got it.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00K15KRV6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_22
great phone
No problem. Phone excellent
Very good
I've spent some time comparing phones, and this is definitely a hard to beat choice. It is even superior to many much more modern (and expensive) phones. If you are looking for: quality, reliability, a big high resolution screen, fast processor, long duration battery (really!) and great pictures, and don't want to pay a lot, then you should seriously consider this option.
Good phone, but is not a new one as at the description said, I already have one galaxy s5 from at&t and I compare this one to mine and has some minor differences, battery and tags in the phone are different, I don't know if it is an unlock phone but has the at & t logo in the back, maybe is a refurbished phone but still working good.
Great phone. Having fun exploring and learning.
Excellent!!
So far so good.
Excellent service - received my phone sooner that expected. The box was a bit scratched but the phone and accessories where in excellent condition. Phone did not have any damages and was able to activate with no issues. Would purchase again if needed. Thanks!
Very good
I love this phone ,it has so my great apps and is easy to use.
Great Phone, wish it had more internal memory, ATT is ridiculous for offering a 16 gig phone in this day and age
Top left corner has a slight gap where it joins to the back that does not affect function. Not worth the postage to exchange it but bugs me that my new phone that I love in every other way doesn't look right (and may not be as water-resistant as it's supposed to be?).
I love the phone! It came quickly and was unlocked and the model I ordered, and my changing carriers worked fine. Many great features on phone and beautiful display. A great improvement over my iPhone 4 in so many ways
Great phone! Upgraded from the Galaxy S3 and glad that I did. This phone came with AT&T bootloader and their default apps but not a big deal for me. This phone is definitely unlocked. I am using my T-Mobile sim card and have yet to experience any connection issues. Soon I will be switching to Straight Talk and will update my post if any issues come up. I am using this phone in the U.S. and usually have 4G LTE almost everywhere. One minor issue for me is that I can not get Android Lollipop yet but Kit Kat is still an upgrade for me.
The only thing that i cannot use is the phone as a Internet router and i dont know why.all the rest ia great!
Phone met all my expectations and more ++++. Delivery was faster than expected. And phone was in a like NEW condition.
Arrived on time, the item works perfectly
The product was delivered on time and was as described. I was replacing a Motorola phone and this is a terrific phone. I am still learning how to use it and its capabilities.
great phone at good price!
It is great product. I would recommend it to everyone.
Excellent choice of cellphone.
Great price for a great phone. Even though it is unlocked I went with AT&T so I could get hassle free up-dates without rooting my phone. Even though it doesn't have the 8 core processor of the S6, the ability to add a 128MB Micro-SD card allow me to carry a awesome amount of music with me.
Outstanding phone at a great price!
excelent for this moment
Great phone. Takes fabulous pictures!
:)
works very well, no trouble
Enjoy
Bought this to replace my Samsung 4... Much better phone....... Would suggest this one......
Love the S5 just wish I could have gotten one that was a T-Mobile carrier phone. I have made do, but when you have spotty service it makes it very hard to make calls or send texts. Can't use wifi calling on t-mobile network.
Works great no complaints. Just wish it were cheaper to buy one for my dad.
god
It's great phone,I like it.So far working good.
i bought this phone a couple weeks ago and love it the picture quality is amazing! the speed it processes is great. its easy to use i would definitely recommend it to anyone.
The Samsung S5 has (so far) lived up to the reviews and expectations that online reviews have given it. I've continued to find the abundance of features that made me glad that I jumped from the S3 to the S5. Some of the features like the air gestures are just a gimmick. The one thing I appreciate over the S3 is the battery life. Much better. I can go for a full day with normal use and still have power to spare.
Great phone
The phone works great as advertised, the battery last longer than my old Galaxy S4. I am using it for about 1 month and I had no problem with it. I am using it with a Straigh Talk plan in New York City and the network signal is not all the time full, but I asume that is a network problem and is not the phone. The internet works on 4G LTE, but as I said is not great all the time, especially inside the house, transportation vehicles.
Lots of bells and whistles that I have no use for, but otherwise great product.Particulalry like the camera, but have not used in low light situations yet.
little scratches on the side but it works fine came on time
Had problems at first but with the warranty on it with Samsung it was fixed in no time.
Upgraded to this after completely annihilating my s4 mini (it served its purpose well over the years). I didn't really see the need to get one of the latest Galaxy cell phones so i got the S5 as the specs are just as good as the latest phones (and let's face it guys, specs on these phones are overkill for most apps). Only thing I really have a problem with is the bigger size of the phone, as my hands are used to smaller phones. I see they have a setting to make one handed control a bit easier so I will check that out if I need to. But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
Grieta Cellphone
Arrived on time and just as it was described, a NEW U LOCKED phone. Was super simple to set up when I called Cricket CS.This one replaced my LG phone. Had an S3 in the past and was devestated when it stopped working, and this one picked right back up with where I had left off. Had ZERO learning curve!
Good phone...
Loved it...
exselente
great product works as new
works good
Works very well, and looks as promised. Loving my new phone!
I really like it
Phone works great. Have had no problems yet.
Product arrived on time for a gift. Product received as promised worked perfectly.
Good. Very good :)
verry fast delivery! good quality!
Love it have for almost month now works perfectly just like brand new no problem at all. Wil be buying refurbished phone from now on
Just like the description depicted the phone. Everything was there and it came with the original Samsung box in the mail. The battery seems to go down fast for some weird reason, but the phone is great. Totally buying from this seller again. No disappointments.
Finally I got a phone I like very much
Nice features, moved up from S3
Nice mobile
Just what I wanted!
So far so good big upgrade from my S3 however they did send me wrong color.
Great to do buissness with
Amazing
Phone works really great, no lags or bugs. Only criticism is the wall charger did not work out the box and there was no headset as described, but the cord itself was fine. 2 small scratches on it that is now covered up with a case so it still looks brand new. Screen has no scratches or dents, looks unused. Great price and amazingly fast shipping. I would recommend this to anyone with a GSM carrier that wants a great up to date smartphone.
I love this phone. More than expected! I thought I had a sophisticated smart phone before upgrading to this one, it does not compare to this one!
Great packaging, awesome phone this was like new GREAT BUY
I ordered an unlocked AT&T 4g LTE Samsung s5. It was Delivered on time. I was able to follow the tracking. Even though it came through USPS (UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE), the phone got to me in 2 days. No shipping charges nor sales tax, and I'm not a Prime Member either. The phone was in excellent condition, actually it was brand new in a tightly sealed package. The 3.0 charging/syncing cable was included. As well as the charger and ear phones, with extra ear buds to change out or replace lost ones. I have Straight Talk and took my sim card out of my HTC ONE VX and placed it in the s5. Installed the battery, Turned on phone, set up phone, and worked great. Battery was at full charge. Only issue, not having anything to do with the seller, I had to call Straight Talk and get the correct APN settings. I googled the APN settings and everything was correct except a couple of those APN settings. I wasn't able to connect to the internet, unless I had wifi. But after getting the correct APN settings from Straight Talk, I could connect to the internet without any issues. ***If you do have Straight Talk and you need help with the APN settings, it would be best if you called from a different phone. The reason why i say that is because they will not want to help you put in the correct settings. ***The phone has crystal clear videos. No drop calls. Able to hook up to bluetooth devices without any issues. Awesome graphics for games. Waiting for my 128gb sd card to come in to expand the memory. The S6 does not allow you to remove the battery nor add an micro SD card and that us another reason i chise thjs phone. Wife really likes the phone and she is considering getting one as well. I Watched the youtube video on the water test. The guy had the phone in 3 feet of water for an hour and never stopped working. I put my phone in a 5 gallon bucket of water for 15 minutes and nothing happened. Yeah it would have sucked if i messed it up by doing that, but i was confident nothing would happen. you want a phone that you will enjoy, purchase this phone. You want regret it. I first thought about the newest iPhone, but I'm glad I got the s5. I was just dissapointed that I didn't order it sooner.
I've had this less than 1 week so far. It keeps the charge very well. With the 4G enabled whole day, it charge only dropped down to 60%. Adding to that about an hour talk time. (My previous galaxy S2 ran completely out of charge at the end of the day even without doing any thing, if 4G was on)I turned off both the 4G and wireless, at the end of the day it had 80% charge. I think it is remarkable. I have not tested the water proof feature yet :)
What can I say, it's a Galaxy! Works as advertised, does all the stuff you want from a personal electronic phone device!!
I love this phone. Moved up from an S3, and found the extras well worth it. Wasn't sure I'd like the slightly bigger screen, but do, and it still fits in my pocket, though a bit tighter. I have yet to see any advantage to an IPhone when the Samsung phones are so much more user friendly and capable.
Great phone. Somehow I ended up with a doa charging/data cable. No big deal, I blame samsung. Everything else was perfect!
It was in very good condition the only thing with it was there was a a chip of paint missing off the home button but over all good
Very happy customer. Satisfied with this purchase and product. Excellent working condition, no cosmetic damage and delivery was right on time. Thank you.
did buy couple of these for my family and even though I am not a user myself, I can say that they are incredibly happy with these samsung's. reliable at best, never fail, never slow down processing, never tire. screen is amazing and they say -and so i think - about the right size! battery life doing good, enough for whole day of normal to intense use, and they got spare batteries now . my recommendation.
Arrived as promised..Product is as stated..
BNIB Quick delivery - highly recommend.
If you're shopping for a new Samsung smartphone, but are shocked by the prices, you may want to consider this one. It came new in the box; the only thing you'll have to get is a SD card for it.I decided on this phone due to lack of options for upgrades with my carrier, and ultra-high prices from other sources.It comes with the charger cord, outlet adapter, and a set of earphones.
I wanted to buy a "new" unlocked phone that would work on the AT&T network here in Alaska. I did a lot of research to ensure this model would work best on their network. It appears that most/ (maybe all) GSM phones with work world-wide on other GSM networks. However, from my research, it seems as though not every GSM phone will with perform as well as the "branded" models that are designed for use on their networks. This appears to especially hold true for what data speed you can potentially connect with i.e., 3G maximum or 4G LTE service.I ordered a new phone and that is exactly what I got. It still had the protective film over all the ports, etc. and the phone clock only had a few minutes of QC test-time on it. It came with a battery, wall charger, ear-buds and instructions. I did have to go to the AT&T store to have them install a micro-SIM because my old phone used the mini-SIM so I could not simply swap it out between the two phones.Overall this a very nice high-end phone. Fast, with a crisp & clear screen. Seems to be working fine on my network and it connects to the LTE signals when I'm in range of those cell towers.
It's a Galaxy S5 so there are plenty of reviews that say what a great phone this is. I was a little concerned about buying a phone online and having it activated by AT&T but there wasn't a problem. I took the phone to my local AT&T store and they installed a new SIM (my old one was the wrong size for this phone) and had me going in minutes. The money I saved buying this phone on Amazon allowed me to buy a ton of accessories.
So far, I'm happy with the Celular. The spec's are as described in the item description in Amazon.
I recently ordered this phone in Dec 2014 and I shipped it to a friend who brought it to the Caribbean for me. Firstly, I went to put in a Sim card by my ISP and they told me that the phone was LOCKED and the description by the seller said the phone was UNLOCKED. I was really disappointed as I had to pay over US$20 to get it unlocked. My thing is just be truthful when describing phones. Also the tethering is also blocked and I am still trying to find a way to unblock it.On the flip side, the phone functions well and I love it especially the cam as it takes clean pictures. The phone was also shipped just as it said it would. #Thumbs up to speedy delivery
very satisfied, came on time.
Had to order a replacement due to a defective battery in previous order.
Loved it.
Have had this for a few months now. I love it. Very happy that I choose this phone. It's not too big, gets a great signal and is fast.
Arrived in perfect condition and works perfect.
I was so skeptical about ordering a cell phone from amazon only bc of the reviews saying the phones were not new, certain parts of the phones didn't work, etc. I took that chance bc I was in dying need of a phone and didn't want to pay 500 plus dollars for a phone. The phone was packaged nicely, new earpiece, the phone appeared to be brand new, etc. . The ONLY reason I didnt give it a 5 stars is bc of the volume. The people on the other end can't hear me well unless the phone is on speakerphone or I have the earpiece in. If the sender could fix this problem, that would be great. But Not one to complain but It's pretty annoying. Besides the volume, I definitely would recommend. Thanks :)
Very good phone.
Lovely phone
Just learnt that i am a samsung lover, upgraded to the s5 after a 2 week use of the iphone, i had to go back to samsung. the phone is user friendly, i love the way you can switch between screens, the pictures quality is superb, the phone is sleek and lightweight, i could go on and on. overall, i am satisfied
Works fine.
Phone is everything I hoped it would be. Very happy.
Excellent Option
Truly an awesome phone with lots of great features. Syncs with all my other Samsung electronics.
This entire transaction met my expectation. The item was delivered before the projected date. The phone met the advertised information and works excellently. I rate it A+
Brand new
The seller came through . Succeeded expectations
I love this phone ,it has so my great apps and is easy to use.
Great Phone, wish it had more internal memory, ATT is ridiculous for offering a 16 gig phone in this day and age
Top left corner has a slight gap where it joins to the back that does not affect function. Not worth the postage to exchange it but bugs me that my new phone that I love in every other way doesn't look right (and may not be as water-resistant as it's supposed to be?).
I love the phone! It came quickly and was unlocked and the model I ordered, and my changing carriers worked fine. Many great features on phone and beautiful display. A great improvement over my iPhone 4 in so many ways
Great phone! Upgraded from the Galaxy S3 and glad that I did. This phone came with AT&T bootloader and their default apps but not a big deal for me. This phone is definitely unlocked. I am using my T-Mobile sim card and have yet to experience any connection issues. Soon I will be switching to Straight Talk and will update my post if any issues come up. I am using this phone in the U.S. and usually have 4G LTE almost everywhere. One minor issue for me is that I can not get Android Lollipop yet but Kit Kat is still an upgrade for me.
The only thing that i cannot use is the phone as a Internet router and i dont know why.all the rest ia great!
This is my first smart phone and although I was spoiled with my simple flip phone, I am learning to love the many features. I now take my phone everywhere.
. Item as described
I like galaxy phone better than androids
Working
This phone gives the casual phone user plenty of power and memory right from the factory.Camera is pretty good too.
great
Great
As Described and would buy again from seller!
It's a great smartphone !
Perfect, and at a great price!
Met all my expectations! I luv my phone!
Nice phone, works nicely.
I like it.
good
excellent product, perfect working order includes all items shown in the product offering
Great camera!! And being dust proof and water resistant it will be perfect for my outdoor recreational life style.
As expected.
It is an AT&T unlocked phone. AT&T often updates the phone, and sometimes erases my APN and sets it to a NEXTGENPHONE.Works fine but for the annoying AT&T logo and music startup, AT&T settings and apps I can not delete, and those AT&T updates.The standard texting app that came with the phone will not send pictures in messages. Using the android app for all texting now.Good screen, easy to read. Takes beautiful pictures.Using Straight Talk SIM.
Gorgeous
i like it
it's boring, bring apps, that i can not uninstall, its memory RAM is wasted
So far so good! Arrived on time in fact before promised date. The device was in very good condition with no major scratches on the screen. I did my SIM card in and did verify that it is unlocked and in working order. I sent this overseas to my girl in hong Kong. Hopefully it will work with the network there. I bought her a unlocked at&t before and it worked great.so I'm almost sure this will work also. After tinkering around with this device I was pleasantly impressed with its prefirmance. I'm not a big fan of phones with out removable battery or storage so I avoid the newer galaxy lines past this galaxy s5. Fast bright and clean and a very good price to boot. I plan to buy another one from SCE enterprise and give it to my moms. Great deal great device. Included was a new Samsung charging/data cable and Samsung plug nicely packed.
Ordered it from amazon and it was brand new, beware of other sellers selling as new when it is refurbished, saw plenty of those. Have this phone working on at&t network using a straight talk sim card and even have the phone updated to the newest available operating system which is nugat I believe. No complaints and the camera and slow mo video is great.
Very happy! Good price, fast shipping and good communication with the seller.
Good replacement for my S4. Works great.
Nice
My wife loves it
Picture shows and other reviewers said they got a case with phone, I got only the phone. Works great on consumer cellular, they were great helping me set it up, used micro sim from phone I upgraded from, phone is actually a at&t phone, you can't uninstall their apps but you can turn them off in the app Mgr so their icons don't show up.
god
It's great phone,I like it.So far working good.
i bought this phone a couple weeks ago and love it the picture quality is amazing! the speed it processes is great. its easy to use i would definitely recommend it to anyone.
The Samsung S5 has (so far) lived up to the reviews and expectations that online reviews have given it. I've continued to find the abundance of features that made me glad that I jumped from the S3 to the S5. Some of the features like the air gestures are just a gimmick. The one thing I appreciate over the S3 is the battery life. Much better. I can go for a full day with normal use and still have power to spare.
Great phone
The phone works great as advertised, the battery last longer than my old Galaxy S4. I am using it for about 1 month and I had no problem with it. I am using it with a Straigh Talk plan in New York City and the network signal is not all the time full, but I asume that is a network problem and is not the phone. The internet works on 4G LTE, but as I said is not great all the time, especially inside the house, transportation vehicles.
Lots of bells and whistles that I have no use for, but otherwise great product.Particulalry like the camera, but have not used in low light situations yet.
Love it. Just as expected!
Beautiful phone, works great!
Great picture quality , lots of space to download apps. Absolutely great deal on the phone. Have no issues so far would recommend this phone to my friends and family. amazon you rock.
I bought this phone foe my husband , he loves it and prefer to have this over iPhone.
Phone is good I can't complain I bought in amazon n I use in kenya
excellent very good recommended
excellent very good recommended
All good
Everything fine exept the fact that the spicker doesnt work well
Works Great!
Wonderful product it workers for me perfectly
Great phone and great deal. Using the phone to transition into android
love this phone would not trade it for any other phone work great with the kuawei watch
Item arrived in a timely fashion and worked perfectly!
Awesome phone and I took it to overseas and it works perfectly and picture is amazing. Great price too.Thanks.
The product was excellent. comes with a bad USB cable + Charger. but the seller send a replacement ASAP. it was a new phone.
An absolutely gorgeous phone. Upgraded from a Motorola E2, I wanted a phone that had a replaceable battery and a larger screen. I was impressed by the Moto, blown away with the Galaxy resolution! I still need to verify that the phone is unlocked, but being an ATT customer, the phone was previously an ATT unit, so a simple slide in of my sim card and I was on the air. I was a little "let down", I had thought it would have the last version of Kit Kat, it is Lollipop, not a big fan of the newer "google-centric" background data mining. The phone came as indicated, actually in A++++ condition, there was no signs of use/abuse and the screen was flawless.
A++
Nice phone, a bit more complicated than my Samsung S3 mini it replaces.The big negative is it advertised as new but in fact it was not. Originally sold by Angel Cellular and activated in April 2014 by AT&T, confirmed by AT&T.
Arrived on time and it no scratch at all. Happy with this purchase
Great phone
Very nice phone. Love Android. PROBLEM: battery does not last as expected...
This is a fantastic phone. It's easy to see why the Samsung Galaxy series is an industry juggernaut.
Bought it for a friend in Honduras and he's in love with his Galaxy S5. It was ready to use, didn't have to unblock it again as you have to do with some phones, he just put in his chip and was ready to go. Great phone
This phone has met many of my expectations. It arrived as promised. The features are handy to use. I still get frustrated with it sometimes though. It seems to change the home and lock screen back to the default whenever it feels like it. Some apps get stuck and don't function properly. As I am not sure if these are user error or issues with the phone, I hesitate to give it a low rating.
It had scuffs on the sides of the phone but works great
Nice item, no problems
great phone, only cons: yo can not use the wifi spot in this att phone, as this feature is blocked.
Great item. It met my expectations.
I am very pleased with the service and product quality, I recommend 100%
Nice and lightning fast! No problems with the phone 3 weeks in. I love it!
great phone
very useful
excellent i like the phone it fits my needs.
Excellent product
Prompt delivery, every accessory in the box, and absolutely original. I already recommended it to a friend who has already purchased one of these too.
I love the phone!"it is so cool...it is like an extention of my body....I take it everywhere with me...
STILL loving this phone..I was suspicious since it took longer than usual to deliver( it happens) but this company took the fear away and gave me an extra 30 days warranty. VERY THOUGHTFUL. It's been going strong ever since. I appreciate the professionalism and live my phone
Bought this as a gift for my mom! very good product! authentic and works well. my mom was a happy camper!
Good phone but overheating
I love the phone very much. It came with everything except the headsets. No scratch, no dense, looks just like new!
i have been using my new phone from June 13 so far im in love with it......but now its June 21 I started having issues with the back space arrow restarting normally helps soim guessing its a software issue because the screend gets active like I'm touching it also
Its a real samsung s5
Good value, easy to use.
LOVE IT, IT BIG AND BOLD
Great!!
Great
Love my new phone, lots of feature and the cost was much cheaper that at the phone store, I really saved a lot.
The case was in good condition very thick and somewhat protective however when you are taking a picture around the circumference of the picture has a very white blurry look and when I remove the case I realize it was not like that, the case is so thick that the camera is so far Deep inside
I really like it! It has a lot of features and works perfect!
The phone is in really good conditions, but I did had some disappointments with this phone. I bought it for my dad and as far as he likes it, it's okay for me. For the money that you pay, it's really good conditions. Thank you
Extremely happy with it. Excellent right out of the box. My first Android phone so I'm still learning but I have voice, text, data and apps what more could you want?
Excellent phone.I live in Ontario Canada (very hard to get an unlocked Samsung GS5 here) so I had to get this through family in the US... still cheaper than a no contract, unlocked one here through one of our major carriers, despite the currency exchange and the shipping.Samsung region locks its phones. Annoying! Had to do some research on which bands are supported on which model of the S5.Fully functional with Telus (including its 4G LTE network). Also tested on the Bell network. Can't be sure that it works on Rogers but probably works.
I have had this phone for around 1-2weeks. Thus far, I feel good. It is a genuine S5 phone tested by software. Recommended.
I really enjoy this phone however I admit to still learning how to operate it. Lots of options.
Great phone shipped on time, new in original box with charger block, cord, battery and ear buds, along with all documentation. Just what I was looking for, delivered when I needed it. Would not hesitate to buy again, great experience.
bought for hubby and he loves it
excelent product
excellent 100 % responsabilite
Excelent!!
It's working good so far
Great phone. Takes fabulous pictures!
:)
works very well, no trouble
Enjoy
Bought this to replace my Samsung 4... Much better phone....... Would suggest this one......
Love the S5 just wish I could have gotten one that was a T-Mobile carrier phone. I have made do, but when you have spotty service it makes it very hard to make calls or send texts. Can't use wifi calling on t-mobile network.
Because the charger es bad
Purchased this item on October 23, 2015. New, excellent GS5. My second GS5, for my kid.1 point off because I found out the phone was still locked to ATT when I switched to a China Mobile sim card while we were travelling in China in June 2016. Luckily, the Great Firewall of China did not block ATT website, and I had my own unlocked GS5 phone. I was able to get the phone unlocked in 24 hours.
as described
great
Excelents
THIS DEVICE IOS IN PERFERCT CINTION. AWESOME JOB!!!!
Works, and easily able to upgrade from my previous At&t phone to this one.
I really liked the phone and this was excellent. Though still need to verify/check all the features, but so far its good.
Very happy with my purchase! The price was great the phone came brand-new in the box with the accessories. I use MetroPCS and it is functional and everything works as described/expected.
Excellent. Thanks wireless Hub for your help. I recommend this seller. I had a problem with my item and he resolved it. And Right now my phone is working perfectly. Thanks again
All as expected.
Exelente
Perfect all
excellent
I was talked into a Windows Nokia phone 3 years ago and have hated it from the first day. The GalaxyS5 is very user friendly, unlike the Windows. Phone
As described
Good.
Excellent quality, prompt delivery, very satisfied customer. Love it when sellers deliver what they promise! (THANKS)
Yay! Glad I bought three of these tried and tested S5 phones - at least my house is not at risk of burning down.All brand new - worked great - and charge quickly..
Great price, and in perfect condition.
Kargia
the phone is as described, works well and very pleased with it. the seller was quick in sending the phone, got it in three days.
LOVE this phone!
very good
Good phone,only put sim and ready to used
I ordered the s5 a couple weeks ago after my Galaxy III decided to kick the bucket, and I'm finding it to be an incredible improvement over the strengths the III originally had. Rather than go into detail over the phone's features and beat a dead horse (CNET has a very comprehensive review you can read), I'll discuss the "buying experience."I purchased this phone from an Amazon Fulfilled vendor called "The Wireless Circle" (received it within 2 days via Prime!), It came delivered in a standard Amazon cardboard box and the phone itself in typical Samsung packaging, brand new, with a quick-start booklet, headphones, USB 3.0 cable, and a charging plug. The battery was already fully charged.I am an AT&T customer, but the website and the store were going to charge me $519 plus shipping, and no phones were available within a three-store radius where I live (Hah!). I did some online research and realized buying an unlocked phone was the way to go. I could write an essay on the differences between an unlocked and contract-free phone (just Google it) but if it helps - Since I am an AT&T customer, buying an unlocked AT&T phone meant all I needed to do was take it to the store for activation. Even then, all I needed to do when I got there was replace my SIM card.Ergo: I SAVED MONEY by purchasing an unlocked phone. No more 2-year contracts for me! This is how I'm buying my phones from now, on.
This is the best phone I've ever had my hands on. Hands down.
Perhaps I should have purchased an international version but I wanted to be sure I had full access to all available AT&T wireless bands. Inspite of all the AT&T bloatware this SM G900A is still great and arrived from this seller just as stated. Can't say for sure if its actually unlocked, but I as a BYOD customer, I can get an unlock code from AT&T if necessary.Jail breaking can easily get rid of the AT&T and Samsung bloatware too!
Thank you I love my phone , I'm comfortable with it , this is really what I was looking for
I love the phone
Good job, thank you.
Same old Samsung quality. Can't beat it
So far so good
I love it
I love it for the most part. It came quickly and looks like new. I bought my mom one also. Both from the good guys electronics and I'm happy with both. Sometimes the volume resets itself but I think that's more or a Samsung thing. Overall worth the money
I don't see any reason why people should waste money buying S6 or S7. This phone has all the features you will actually use as good as other phones and is at half the price.
I really like this phone. Nice size and light weight.
Good
The phone is OK, but I received fake earphones and the charging block didn't work.
Always write if it is unlocked by AT&T or T Mobile or blaaa blaaa...as the item was not discribed.
Great machine
very good
Excelente
Excelent!!
It's working good so far
I like it.
good
excellent product, perfect working order includes all items shown in the product offering
Great camera!! And being dust proof and water resistant it will be perfect for my outdoor recreational life style.
As expected.
It is an AT&T unlocked phone. AT&T often updates the phone, and sometimes erases my APN and sets it to a NEXTGENPHONE.Works fine but for the annoying AT&T logo and music startup, AT&T settings and apps I can not delete, and those AT&T updates.The standard texting app that came with the phone will not send pictures in messages. Using the android app for all texting now.Good screen, easy to read. Takes beautiful pictures.Using Straight Talk SIM.
Gorgeous
i like it
Yes, it did love it
I love it
Is is what I expected. Arrived on time. Came in original box.
Excellent celphone...
Got a refurbished one. Everything works. Only signs of damage was a nick on the plastic on the side. But it was refurbished. So my expectations were met perfectly.
Excelent
Excellent
Great phone. Great pics. Fast delivery.
very nice
very good case
Just what I wanted!
So far so good big upgrade from my S3 however they did send me wrong color.
Great to do buissness with
Amazing
Phone works really great, no lags or bugs. Only criticism is the wall charger did not work out the box and there was no headset as described, but the cord itself was fine. 2 small scratches on it that is now covered up with a case so it still looks brand new. Screen has no scratches or dents, looks unused. Great price and amazingly fast shipping. I would recommend this to anyone with a GSM carrier that wants a great up to date smartphone.
Got the phone yesterday, everything working great.PROS:- films in 4k video ( will not allow you to snap pics while in this mode which is fine )- films in 1080p HD Video for a lower resolution- 16 MP camera with a host of settings ( ISO 100-800 )- Mic is awesome for pod casts or voice journals- Lots of Apps- Screen Resolution amazing (1920x1080) super AmoledNo cons right now
Price is good and the phone is great considering it is 2 generations old, but for 1/3 the price of the s7, I'll take it!
Love my Galaxy S5 on Verizon. Bought this version for my husband to experiment with Straight Talk using the At@T towers. Came with Kit Kat, Updated to Lollipop and now waiting for update to Marshmallow. Seems to be working fine. Husband is learning to use.
excelente
This phone is a nice phone working very well. no problem on it.
Excellent
Awesome phone and I took it to overseas and it works perfectly and picture is amazing. Great price too.Thanks.
camera,,,, really crisp pictures, they are saved by day, nice featuresending pictures, to send a picture all you need to do is check the pictures you are sending, text or email.. so simple..easy to set up pages, and move icons.plenty of customizable features.problems, if you move and icon onto home page's, it is saved and uses more space..has too many apps pre downloadedconstantly updating the predown loaded apps,, annoying ..Still have not been able to customize rings for each person in address book.Bigest Problem Ring tones selection, bites.. I like an old phone ring,,they only have science fiction type ringsand songs dont play loud enough to get my attention. Over all;; compared to my last phone, HTC ONE,, the camera is Great, the phone hasnt slipped out of my hand and droppedso far I am very happy with the phone. just too many pre loads on it taking up space and updating all of the time drains the battery as well. One day i will get around to deleting em..
Great phone . Some differences from S3 but works fine .
I used Samsung phones for a while and had always been a kind of underwhelmed by the Aesthetics of the devices. But the S5 is a different story it really is a sharp device. My refurbished one runs like a brand new piece of technology.
thanks everything perfect.
Phone is great, no issues, almost all Android apps are compatible with it. Only one issue, my back cover chipped and peeled within a week and I have to use duct tape to keep it on.
Great product and fast delivery!!
Charger provided was off brand, resulting in super slow charging speeds. Otherwise, great phone!
Love it. Great Deal
There's nothing that can compare to a galaxy camera. The S5 is a bit bulky for my taste, but 2014 was the year for it. Thankfully it's not as ridiculous looking as the IPhone6+. I purchased an open GSM formerly Verizon version, it proved to be difficult, not sending or accepting MMS or Group Messages. Seller:LaptopAid had incredible customer service in attempting to fix the problem. The price was great at less than $175. I will be returning for my next phone purchase.
Great phone.
Great phone. Takes fabulous pictures!
:)
works very well, no trouble
Enjoy
Bought this to replace my Samsung 4... Much better phone....... Would suggest this one......
Love the S5 just wish I could have gotten one that was a T-Mobile carrier phone. I have made do, but when you have spotty service it makes it very hard to make calls or send texts. Can't use wifi calling on t-mobile network.
Works great no complaints. Just wish it were cheaper to buy one for my dad.
Ordered it from amazon and it was brand new, beware of other sellers selling as new when it is refurbished, saw plenty of those. Have this phone working on at&t network using a straight talk sim card and even have the phone updated to the newest available operating system which is nugat I believe. No complaints and the camera and slow mo video is great.
Very happy! Good price, fast shipping and good communication with the seller.
Good replacement for my S4. Works great.
Nice
Phone is good I can't complain I bought in amazon n I use in kenya
excellent very good recommended
excellent very good recommended
All good
Everything fine exept the fact that the spicker doesnt work well
Works Great!
Wonderful product it workers for me perfectly
Great phone and great deal. Using the phone to transition into android
love this phone would not trade it for any other phone work great with the kuawei watch
Item arrived in a timely fashion and worked perfectly!
Met all my expectations! I luv my phone!
Nice phone, works nicely.
Great packaging, awesome phone this was like new GREAT BUY
I ordered an unlocked AT&T 4g LTE Samsung s5. It was Delivered on time. I was able to follow the tracking. Even though it came through USPS (UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE), the phone got to me in 2 days. No shipping charges nor sales tax, and I'm not a Prime Member either. The phone was in excellent condition, actually it was brand new in a tightly sealed package. The 3.0 charging/syncing cable was included. As well as the charger and ear phones, with extra ear buds to change out or replace lost ones. I have Straight Talk and took my sim card out of my HTC ONE VX and placed it in the s5. Installed the battery, Turned on phone, set up phone, and worked great. Battery was at full charge. Only issue, not having anything to do with the seller, I had to call Straight Talk and get the correct APN settings. I googled the APN settings and everything was correct except a couple of those APN settings. I wasn't able to connect to the internet, unless I had wifi. But after getting the correct APN settings from Straight Talk, I could connect to the internet without any issues. ***If you do have Straight Talk and you need help with the APN settings, it would be best if you called from a different phone. The reason why i say that is because they will not want to help you put in the correct settings. ***The phone has crystal clear videos. No drop calls. Able to hook up to bluetooth devices without any issues. Awesome graphics for games. Waiting for my 128gb sd card to come in to expand the memory. The S6 does not allow you to remove the battery nor add an micro SD card and that us another reason i chise thjs phone. Wife really likes the phone and she is considering getting one as well. I Watched the youtube video on the water test. The guy had the phone in 3 feet of water for an hour and never stopped working. I put my phone in a 5 gallon bucket of water for 15 minutes and nothing happened. Yeah it would have sucked if i messed it up by doing that, but i was confident nothing would happen. you want a phone that you will enjoy, purchase this phone. You want regret it. I first thought about the newest iPhone, but I'm glad I got the s5. I was just dissapointed that I didn't order it sooner.
I've had this less than 1 week so far. It keeps the charge very well. With the 4G enabled whole day, it charge only dropped down to 60%. Adding to that about an hour talk time. (My previous galaxy S2 ran completely out of charge at the end of the day even without doing any thing, if 4G was on)I turned off both the 4G and wireless, at the end of the day it had 80% charge. I think it is remarkable. I have not tested the water proof feature yet :)
What can I say, it's a Galaxy! Works as advertised, does all the stuff you want from a personal electronic phone device!!
I love this phone. Moved up from an S3, and found the extras well worth it. Wasn't sure I'd like the slightly bigger screen, but do, and it still fits in my pocket, though a bit tighter. I have yet to see any advantage to an IPhone when the Samsung phones are so much more user friendly and capable.
Great phone. Somehow I ended up with a doa charging/data cable. No big deal, I blame samsung. Everything else was perfect!
It was in very good condition the only thing with it was there was a a chip of paint missing off the home button but over all good
very happy with the smartphone, running 4g right now with movistar venezuela carrier i recommend greatfully this seller, great seller, great price, great smartphone
Working good
Super phone.
Love this phone! It charges and stays charged much faster than the iPhone I previously had.
Can't complain twas over expectation
Like it very much
I have a Galaxy tablet. It works well with this mobile phone. The phone is not too large or too small. Perfect fit. It IS unlocked, as advertised. Had absolutely no problem at AT&T switching from my old phone to the new one. Easy to use, The only glitch...still can't get it to "read" my fingerprint. But will work on researching the troubleshooter when I have more time.
great phone, good price. Have had no issues with this phone
Damn good phone with a damn good camera. I'm in real estate and talk on the phone constantly. Works very well and battery lasts long enough to make it through the day if you use power saving feature. First one sent to me had a RED WATER DAMAGE INDICATOR! I called the seller and he quickly sent me another that was in great shape and as described like new.
Excellent product. No problems. Arrived quickly.
Perfect brand new unlocked phone.
Great phone no signs of pervious wear!🙌
fine
god
It's great phone,I like it.So far working good.
i bought this phone a couple weeks ago and love it the picture quality is amazing! the speed it processes is great. its easy to use i would definitely recommend it to anyone.
The Samsung S5 has (so far) lived up to the reviews and expectations that online reviews have given it. I've continued to find the abundance of features that made me glad that I jumped from the S3 to the S5. Some of the features like the air gestures are just a gimmick. The one thing I appreciate over the S3 is the battery life. Much better. I can go for a full day with normal use and still have power to spare.
Great phone
The phone works great as advertised, the battery last longer than my old Galaxy S4. I am using it for about 1 month and I had no problem with it. I am using it with a Straigh Talk plan in New York City and the network signal is not all the time full, but I asume that is a network problem and is not the phone. The internet works on 4G LTE, but as I said is not great all the time, especially inside the house, transportation vehicles.
Lots of bells and whistles that I have no use for, but otherwise great product.Particulalry like the camera, but have not used in low light situations yet.
little scratches on the side but it works fine came on time
Had problems at first but with the warranty on it with Samsung it was fixed in no time.
Great phone arrived very quickly
I've never bought a phone from Amazon before for the soul reason of doubt, however this phone came in within 2 days, and was in a brand New unopened case with headphones, charging cord, battery and the phone. The phone itself is amazing and I'm extremely happy this product lived up to it's hype. Thank you!!
I ordered an ATT unlocked phone but got, instead, a TMOBILE unlocked phone. Ultimately I decided it was cheaper and easier to keep it than fight for the right phone. I like it fine. I just wanted to have the ATT firmware on the phone.
I was forced into getting a smart phone because my carrier was retiring 2G services. I didn't want to pay $700 for a new phone, so I found this one online. I love the look and feel. I'm still learning about all the features but so far I've been able to customize it to my liking. Samsung has a website that offers tutorials and videos. Very easy to follow. If you have a question, you can chat with a live person and get it resolved.
Although aging, this is still the pentultimate smartphone for all general smartphone applications. Unlocked, it is entirely customisable and you can get the best and chepeast plans for smartphones that are widely avaialble. if you're not going to do hardware intensive things, but like to watch videos, or play games, this is the buy for you. Don't waste your money on a new S6 or S7, This phone is the last Samsung Galaxy S phone to have an open-able back.
The product was excellent. comes with a bad USB cable + Charger. but the seller send a replacement ASAP. it was a new phone.
An absolutely gorgeous phone. Upgraded from a Motorola E2, I wanted a phone that had a replaceable battery and a larger screen. I was impressed by the Moto, blown away with the Galaxy resolution! I still need to verify that the phone is unlocked, but being an ATT customer, the phone was previously an ATT unit, so a simple slide in of my sim card and I was on the air. I was a little "let down", I had thought it would have the last version of Kit Kat, it is Lollipop, not a big fan of the newer "google-centric" background data mining. The phone came as indicated, actually in A++++ condition, there was no signs of use/abuse and the screen was flawless.
A++
The item works very well for me, with 4G network even it has T&T logo on it, I use the GoSmart network and it is fine. I like it.
Item as described very good seller
The product as per specification. Though AT&T logo on phone, it was unlocked and we are able to use for T-Mobile. Delivered timely.We are satisfied.
So far, so good. I hesitate to give five stars, simply because I've only had this phone for a week. My primary concern with this kind of purchase, as is demonstrated in some reviews with such products, is whether this previous generation of smartphone is truly new and authentic. Once the newest and hottest smartphone version hits the market, any remaining new stock of the previous version is discontinued or swiped up fast (particularly if the previous version is better than the newest). As anyone who has been looking for these models can attest, a lot of the options are refurbished, open-box, unlocked, or most importantly claimed as new but not really. Then you have the issue with whether the model is "international", GSM or something else that might prevent it from doing what the buyer wants it to do.So, I'm happy that I found this at a reasonable price and from a seller that I was able to research and develop some confidence in. I was also able to rely on the Amazon return policy in case things didn't work out. BlutekUSA is the seller, in my case, and I have been quite happy with the result. I believe the phone is indeed new, and perhaps even factory-unlocked versus the seller doing it. And it is the real deal, with all the standard, original accessories included.The phone itself works quite well, compared to my Galaxy S3. I have T-Mobile, and this is an AT&T unlocked phone (that's what the "A" means, in the G900A model), but I was able to simply take my SIM out of my old phone and insert it into the new phone, do some manual setting of the 4G ling so that I could highlight and pick T-Mobile (more networks, mobile networks, APN setting to T-Mobile), and everything works fine. The performance is improved. The battery is stronger, longer lasting and recharges much faster than the Galaxy S3. It was already updated to Android 5.0 Lollipop, and while not a rooted device, I'm satisfied with the operation.
Nice good deal
This review is for the Galaxy S5 specifically from Bluetek. The phone I received from this company was new and in original packaging. A charger, battery and earbuds were included. The phone arrived well packed and in perfect condition. Everything works perfectly and I am very happy with the product. My only complaint is all the bloat ware that is included with these phones but that is Samsung, not the vendor. If this is the phone you want then I would recommend this vendor as being reliable.
Works great so far. Had to manually input the access points for T-Mobile to get decent reception. Also did not have any data until I manually updated the access points. Clearly was not new, maybe refurbished but good condition.
Phone was brand new. Added to my at&t with no problems.
EXCELENTE
Excellent quality. They arrived on time. I am very happy with my phone
I can't complain much about it. It does what it's meant to do and I'm happy with my purchase.
Phone is nice, I love it.
Great
I recommend the seller. It is very good!!
DELIVERED ON TIME AND THE PHONE IS GREAT!
Thank you.
works great
Great phone. Streaming videos, movies, etc. is excellent with a great, clear picture. I am greatly impressed.
Completely satisfied with this phone. Nothing to complain about.
I have had the phone worked for a week now in a South American country that operates with Claro carrier. I had to update a firmware to verify that this phone could be compatible with my services in Ecuador and that was only a 20$ extra for it. Through and through this has worked fine and I have not had a single problem since.
THIS DEVICE IOS IN PERFERCT CINTION. AWESOME JOB!!!!
Works, and easily able to upgrade from my previous At&t phone to this one.
Works fine.
Phone is everything I hoped it would be. Very happy.
Excellent Option
Truly an awesome phone with lots of great features. Syncs with all my other Samsung electronics.
This entire transaction met my expectation. The item was delivered before the projected date. The phone met the advertised information and works excellently. I rate it A+
Brand new
The seller came through . Succeeded expectations
I have been using it, up to this point, don't have any problems with the S5.
it was exactly the way it was described I'm very satisfied with the shipping and the product
Quick and safe delivery. No issues with the phone to date. The packaging was as expected and at this point I couldn't be happier. Great buy!! Great service.
great !!!
Really Nice phone, I have Cricket Wireless and it worked perfect as soon as I put in the sim card and turned the phone on, shipping did take quite sometime, even from Amazon with Prime (took over a week)
Not a bad phone, but shuts off unexpectedly sometimes. Also the headphone mic don't work
Like.
Love it. Just as expected!
The phone is just new and very nice. There is nothing to complain about, I'm glad to have this smartphone... :)
Phone arrived in very good condition, with charger and ear buds. This is my 3rd GS5 and this is my first refurbished one. This is my third day using this phone and haven't noticed any thing significantly flawed with this device compared to the new ones I've owned. With one minor exception that the home button and one of the touch pad seem a little sensitive, but still a almost perfect device.
First hand, I don't know because I bought it for my nephew 2 weeks ago and then had it shipped to him. He seems to like it so I guess so far it's a good deal.
so far only complaint is difficulty figuring out how to get nano sim card in it...and a bit of att junk software. you can root the phone but there's not root control software for this version yet.
As advertised and functions/ works great.
just great
As described
Good.
Excellent quality, prompt delivery, very satisfied customer. Love it when sellers deliver what they promise! (THANKS)
Yay! Glad I bought three of these tried and tested S5 phones - at least my house is not at risk of burning down.All brand new - worked great - and charge quickly..
Great price, and in perfect condition.
Kargia
Upgraded to this after completely annihilating my s4 mini (it served its purpose well over the years). I didn't really see the need to get one of the latest Galaxy cell phones so i got the S5 as the specs are just as good as the latest phones (and let's face it guys, specs on these phones are overkill for most apps). Only thing I really have a problem with is the bigger size of the phone, as my hands are used to smaller phones. I see they have a setting to make one handed control a bit easier so I will check that out if I need to. But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
Grieta Cellphone
Arrived on time and just as it was described, a NEW U LOCKED phone. Was super simple to set up when I called Cricket CS.This one replaced my LG phone. Had an S3 in the past and was devestated when it stopped working, and this one picked right back up with where I had left off. Had ZERO learning curve!
Good phone...
Loved it...
exselente
great product works as new
Good cell I like I recommend it came with everything new.
Even though this phone was used, it looked brand new. No signs of use or anything.
Very pleased with the phone and the service
was an awesome phone, although I had to return it because it was not compatible with Boost :-(
great device. great seller
I am super happy that I got the Samsung S5. I got it about 1 month ago from SCE Enterprise.I picked it for its camera, and I have been continuously impressed at the resolution. The system provides various special features, e.g. video stabilization, burst shots, face detection, and then the usual, white balance, ISO, exposure value. The front facing camera is useful, good enough to skype.The processor is fast, turning it on and off takes about 30 seconds. I downloaded ~25 apps, and it runs fine.The speakers are not very loud, not enough for me to sing along during a shower.The charging portal is not a conventional one, which is unpleasant because I need to buy several more. And if I forget one when I am away from home, my friends won't have extras.The battery life is pretty low, maybe 1 percentage decrease per 1.5 minutes. If I am watching something 3 hours straight, it would be dead. Overnight, it goes down about 12 % just on standby. The battery is a regular Samsung battery.I am on an AT&T plan, and the phone adjusted smoothly. I had to go to the store to exchange for a smaller SIM card, which took about 30 minutes. The only bump was when my data didn't work due to an old APN. So, I added a new one for ATT and it works fine now.Overall, I am super pleased.
Excellent service and product! I am delighted!
Excellent phone.I live in Ontario Canada (very hard to get an unlocked Samsung GS5 here) so I had to get this through family in the US... still cheaper than a no contract, unlocked one here through one of our major carriers, despite the currency exchange and the shipping.Samsung region locks its phones. Annoying! Had to do some research on which bands are supported on which model of the S5.Fully functional with Telus (including its 4G LTE network). Also tested on the Bell network. Can't be sure that it works on Rogers but probably works.
I have had this phone for around 1-2weeks. Thus far, I feel good. It is a genuine S5 phone tested by software. Recommended.
I really enjoy this phone however I admit to still learning how to operate it. Lots of options.
Great phone shipped on time, new in original box with charger block, cord, battery and ear buds, along with all documentation. Just what I was looking for, delivered when I needed it. Would not hesitate to buy again, great experience.
bought for hubby and he loves it
excelent product
excellent 100 % responsabilite
I ordered this phone for when I travel back to my home country. It came unlocked and ready to use. I love it. Works like a charm.
Muy bueno!
my wife loves this
Had it almost a week. No problems. Just put in my sum card from my s111 and no problem.
Excelent product, excelent seller.
Everything was perfect!
Love this phone it got even better when it upgraded
I love this phone. More than expected! I thought I had a sophisticated smart phone before upgrading to this one, it does not compare to this one!
Great phone, does everything I need and more
If you purchase from a reputable vendor you will get exactly the brand new AT&T compatible Samsung S5 that works immediately on any AT&T/GSM network as soon as you plug in your sim card. I got mine from GoodGuys.BEWARE: My first purchase, from Supreme Deals 18, resulted in my getting a cheap Chinese knock off that didn't recognize the sim card, had slightly different packaging and booted up in Chinese. I had to return it.
Love it!!!! Shipped in a timely manner just as promised. Easy to set up and works with straight talk plan. Great price too :)
Phone works great.....I love it.
Exelent!!!...
It arrives perfect as I saw it and looks so beautiful. Thanks I am so happy for have it again with me.
Very happy with the phone. Have not found anything neg. about it yet.
Purchased this item on October 23, 2015. New, excellent GS5. My second GS5, for my kid.1 point off because I found out the phone was still locked to ATT when I switched to a China Mobile sim card while we were travelling in China in June 2016. Luckily, the Great Firewall of China did not block ATT website, and I had my own unlocked GS5 phone. I was able to get the phone unlocked in 24 hours.
as described
great
Excelents
This is my first smart phone and although I was spoiled with my simple flip phone, I am learning to love the many features. I now take my phone everywhere.
. Item as described
Beautiful phone, works great!
Great picture quality , lots of space to download apps. Absolutely great deal on the phone. Have no issues so far would recommend this phone to my friends and family. amazon you rock.
I bought this phone foe my husband , he loves it and prefer to have this over iPhone.
Excellent. Ver good en ad time
Christmas present for son, who loved it.
This is an incredible phone. It is like carrying a small computer in my pocket.l It does everything well.
A very good phone. It was what I expected and more. It works very well with Straight Talk.
It's awesome I'm enjoying my s5
I was at first skeptical of buying a refurbished phone, but after extensive research, coupled with the seller's sales history and ratings, I decided it should be a safe purchase. The phone works great! Everything was included as advertised. I had some initial trouble getting it on my phone carrier's network, but this issue and the responsibility of the issue is external of Amazon, the seller, or even the phone for that matter. That issue lies solely with the way that carrier locks an IMEI number to a SIM card, which all other carriers do not do. You can usually just swap an existing SIM into a new phone and go (usually with a couple hours before it autoconfigs). Not with MetroPCS.What can I say? The phone is great. The seller (BREED) was awesome and answered all my questions, and even provided options for me to return/refund/RMA/exchange the device while I was having issues getting it connected to the new network. Thankfully I was able to get the issue resolved without having to go that route.
The S5 was all I expected and more having come from a Motorola Bravo.
Excellent
My wife loves it
Picture shows and other reviewers said they got a case with phone, I got only the phone. Works great on consumer cellular, they were great helping me set it up, used micro sim from phone I upgraded from, phone is actually a at&t phone, you can't uninstall their apps but you can turn them off in the app Mgr so their icons don't show up.
Works great. Has a tiny bit of scratches on the frame, but it looks fabolous. I was able to activate it with my phone company without a problem. Extremely pleased.
Awesome phone
Great phone
Fair price.
I've seen a lot of negative reviews on this phone; a lot of complaints. I've not had any problem at all with it, nor have any complaints about it. IVe had it for 2 wks. It's got great reception and is a very fast phone. However, this could always have something to do with your service and area you live in that determines how well that is. Has nothing to do with the actual phone. It has awesome camera quality! It has a lot of ringtones. It has several wallpapers. Short time to fully charge! Slow to lose full charge unlike the iphone I had. With this phone, you can download free music unlike the iPhone I had that went through itunes, which I never used anyway because you have to pay for music. But android phones such as this one probably all come with the option of downloading music for free through Google Play. This phone has already been dropped a few times and no breakage. It even has a different kind of sound if and when it drops; a more thump sound-sturdier unlike the iPhone which is glass and far more fragile. This phone is also very light-weight. My son's phone-like this one, he accidentally dropped out of his second-story window. It didn't break at all. He also accidentally left it in the freezer overnight. Lol It worked fine the next day. This phone also shows a list of all available wifi connections nearby unlike the iPhone I had. This one picks up on wifi nearby all the time which my iphone didn't. Even without the use of wifi uee, the 4G on it works great. It already comes with a screen protector, which was failed to be mentioned in the description. However, I'd bought one anyway not knowing it already came with one. So I'm also using that one. So it can fit two screen protectors if you want. Not necessary of course. But I certainly don't mind. Makes me feel like the phone's screen is even more securely protected. This phone is said to be waterproof. However, I have no use to purposely test that out. Lol I've heard the blood pressure feature doesn't work nor the fingerprint lock screen. I haven't tested either of those out either. Even IF they don't work properly, I still think this is an amazing phone. Besides, those two features aren't really necessary; nice to have I guess. Shouldn't determine how good the phone is overall. I don't regret for a minute buying this phone. I love it!
Great phone and got on time
The only thing to have into account is tha the cellphone is from AT&T, so, if you dont have an AT&T chip you couldnt download any update.
Nice phone, bought it for parents, easy to use for them as they have never had one before.The battery that came with it was loosing conection and turning phone off, they sent a new one and haven't had any problems. Just a fluke I guess.
excellent, very good
works fine as it should be
Got my phone fast and in good condition with extras case sd card very happy thanks
Is a great phone. Besides, the camera is great. Is really fast and easy to use. One thing that is not so great is the size and weight. Is a little bigger and heavy than I am use to. The rest is great.
Very pleased with phone. It appears that I will have to replace the battery in the near future but that was expected.
great phone, only cons: yo can not use the wifi spot in this att phone, as this feature is blocked.
Great item. It met my expectations.
Exactly as advertised! Well Done
Better than I expected for a used phone,looks new,no scratches,no cracks,very satisfied with the purchase.
I am pleased with the S5. Still learning how to fully use it. Would like to have capability to remove bloatware llke Uber.
Excelent
Happy with the product and customer service was very helpful.
The phone works great. A simple change of SIM card from the last phone and I was in business
very satisfied, came on time.
Had to order a replacement due to a defective battery in previous order.
Has expected
great phone !!
It's GRRRREAT!!!!! i Love it!!!
I bought it on a vacation to USA. It is delivered on time and it works like a charm.
Works great looks brand new no issues would highly recommend this company to anyone I know
very good
I bought this item to connect it with cricket and it works well. It was clean and there was nothing wrong with the phone itself. I did have a problem with the charging cable, it worked once but never again. I just went to t-moble and got an original charger.
Great.
VERY GOOD AND EXCELLENT PRODUCT DELIVERY
Horrible with new update. Slow.
As expected
The AT&T version of the phone is not the same as the T-Mobile.1. There is no wi-fi calling feature when you switch the phone over to a different carrier.2. When at full volume the speaker kind of sounds choppy. There indeed is a tick sound when playing music.3. It really isn't a bad phone and you do get what you pay for.4. It indeed is unlocked I tried all different kinds of networks and I even went over seas and the phone is unlocked to any carrier or network.
Fast shipping, good phone
minor scratches on the edges but other thing that perfect phone
Good phone. First one I got from the retailer here on Amazon came with a faulty audio jack, so that was quite unfortunate as I use the audio jack on phones quite a lot.Replaced it, audio jack worked.With using straight talk service, you may have problems with getting the 5.0/5.1 Android OS and may be stuck with 4.4.4 unless you root your phone and put it on there yourself.Another problem I seem to be having with the phone, which is minor, is that I have problems with receiving MMS messages. Minor problem, but for those who are interested in buying the phone it is information worth providing.
The item is as expected deserves the price and expectation. One thing I will not pass mentioning is the battery' deplation. It due to long use that is easy discheged, in a couples of hours. That is the only comment I make so far. It needs to be addressed.thanks you
Lovely phone
Just learnt that i am a samsung lover, upgraded to the s5 after a 2 week use of the iphone, i had to go back to samsung. the phone is user friendly, i love the way you can switch between screens, the pictures quality is superb, the phone is sleek and lightweight, i could go on and on. overall, i am satisfied
So far works great.
Love the phone
Good
As expected. It just came very late. Great S5 brand new. Although I ordered a regular S5 and got AT&T model twice but it's OK. Just needed a second phone and it works how it should.
So happy with my new phone. The packaging was perfect.
I've used the Galaxy S5 for the last 2 years, but it quit working properly. So I bought another S5. I don't need the most updated phone on the market.
My Samsung galaxy s5 arrived early, and my seller included a gorilla glass screen protector free. Read your selection carefully. Phone was brand new, and is working well. And I love this Phone!
good phone other than couldn't get good signal anywhere I went even though I was on the same network as my previous phone. was new in box with a good price.
Great phone! but sometime I call someone they cant hear me or i cant hear them.
is cool! thank you!
Product came in, let's say, original packaging.But this phone is previously owned by AT&T then seller unlocked it.Just hate that AT&T logo on back cover.Phone is working perfectly and I'm happy about that.
Faster service by the seller and the phone is in excellent condition, good picture quality and easy to operate.
Happy so far.
Perfect! Bought for hubby for birthday. He loves it
Excellent
Wow, not only was this lowest-price I found on the web, the phone literally was flawless. It looked brand new!! A trip to AT&T and a new SIM card and I was set. Heck the phone told me my Samsung S4 SIM needed be changed so of of its new features would work. FREE of charge BTW.
takes a little getting used to after having the s3 but I like it. the batter life is MUCH better than the s3
I would never know this was used and reconditioned! This Samsung looks brand new! It came in it's original box with the phone wrapped up. Great presentation. The phone was already charged so I could start using it as soon as I added my SIM card! Much better than my S4.
Scratched. Otherwise good condition
Great phone. Great phone. Great phone. It does so much. It is very fast. The battery lasts a lot longer than my last phone and charges up quickly. There are so many things this phone can do. Totally awesome
Product arrived on time for a gift. Product received as promised worked perfectly.
Good. Very good :)
verry fast delivery! good quality!
Love it have for almost month now works perfectly just like brand new no problem at all. Wil be buying refurbished phone from now on
Just like the description depicted the phone. Everything was there and it came with the original Samsung box in the mail. The battery seems to go down fast for some weird reason, but the phone is great. Totally buying from this seller again. No disappointments.
Finally I got a phone I like very much
Nice features, moved up from S3
Nice mobile
nice
this is a nice phone. I have been loyal to android phones, samsung almost always. Prior to this, I had an S4. Love watching videos on this galaxy S5. I don't like the charging port cover but it is there for a reason, to keep dirt, dust, moisture away.
Seeing the reviews here prior to purchasing my phone I realized most people had bought from all different sellers hence all the different reviews .. I bought mine from the seller Mobiles International LLC and mine was brand new factory packaged and sealed with the seals on it and branded for AT&T which is what I wanted as I use a go phone plan through AT&T. Mine was fully unlocked and this takes the micro sim card which I took out of my old phone and popped into this one and this phone works excellent. I've been using it daily for the past month and havent had any problems with it. This is so quick in response compared to my windows phone I was using and the color and sound is excellent as well, of coarse if anything starts going wrong with it over time I will update my review to reflect that
callers can't hear anything if you have phone on speakerphone
Great
I was talked into a Windows Nokia phone 3 years ago and have hated it from the first day. The GalaxyS5 is very user friendly, unlike the Windows. Phone
A big step from flip phones. Great first smart phone.
Good proudect
I just got the phone today so it may be a little too soon to post a review. However, it didn't take me long to fall in love with the camera and video quality and settings. They are most impressive. What is not impressive is the ridiculous amount of At&t bloatware. The seller advertised this phone as an UNLOCKED phone, not an At&t unlocked phone. There is a difference. I will update my review in a few months to let you know if the bloatware affects the functionality at all. If it does not, then I will give it the full 5 stars.
I received my phone today...brand new unlocked...I purchased a SIM card for 4.98 from Walmart...works great.
Item delivered quickly and it was as described. It works flawlessly. I'm happy with the product. The seller product was clean, new and in working order when it arrived. I recommend this product and this seller.
great phone though I since changed to windows phone since S6 doesn't have replaceable battery like this one did
Satisfied
A wonderful phone! This is by far the best phone I have ever had. It is loaded with a crap ton of features, I'm still trying to learn them after having the phone for a few weeks. It is fast, so far has been able to handle everything I've thrown at it. The camera is fairly good too, 16mp and great 1080p video. It has a smooth motion setting that makes your video incredibly clear and smooth frame rate. So far I am absolutely loving it. The only downside to it is that the battery is kind of weak. My phone is at about 40-50% by the time I get home from work with light use all day. Aside from that one thing, this phone is a great buy for the price I got it.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00K15KRV6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_22
great phone
No problem. Phone excellent
Very good
I like galaxy phone better than androids
Working
This phone gives the casual phone user plenty of power and memory right from the factory.Camera is pretty good too.
great
Great
As Described and would buy again from seller!
It's a great smartphone !
Perfect, and at a great price!
I've had this for almost 6 months and it works perfectly.
Got the phone 5 days before estimated arrival. Quick shipping. Phone exactly as described. I couldn't be happier.
Brand new phone. Fast delivery. Takes great pictures.
I love it. no scratches..looks brand new and I bought a used one
Great phone, but one suggestion. If it is going to be sold as "unlocked", root the phone so that it is possible to remove all of the original provider's junk. Unlocked or not, it still operates like a phone I would have expected from one of the providers: Apps launch on startup, and run in the background, sucking up resources at every turn possibly communicating with who knows, and without rooting it myself, cannot be uninstalled. If I am paying retail for this, and not through a provider, the buyer is the admin. Make them a true owner.
First time writing a review here, so do take what I write with a grain of salt.The Galaxy S5 900a was ordered from my Amazon Prime accoumt. I think this is a great piece of technology, and one that I did not regret spending my money on. The display is gorgeous, colors are very vibrant and the brightness is great under any kind of lightings. The touch screen feels responsive, smooth and fluid when used. The camera is what I expected it to be, very high quality for a phone. Battery last for a very long time, even when the phone is used constantly. I was able to go through my entire day and still have about 30% of battery left at night. (So that would be abut 16-18 hours of battery life). The Heart Rate is a cool little new add-on on top of everything else.I would have given this purchase a 5-star raring had it not been for fingerprint scanner, because that is a function that my phone did not come with AT ALL. Let me explain. I was eager to try out this new (to me) technology out, but when I tried to register a fingerprint, nothing happened. None! Zero! Not even an error message that I've swiped my finger wrong in any ways. The thing just acts like my finger is not there.Although I felt like I have received a faulty product, the phone is FAR from broken. It is still an awesome piece of technology. And because I've heard about the S5 fingerprints scanner being dodgy and and unresponsive before, I am willing to let this one fly. But if you are looking to try out this function, it's not going be here. So beware when you decide to order this from Amazon.Overall, if you are looking to buy a new smart phone that is not so expensive that and is able to satisfied your needs, do take the Galaxy S5 into consideration. Even without the fingerprint scanner, I still think this is a great buy.
Nice phone but the fingerprint scanner feature does not work. I called Samsung about this and they told me that due to the recent Android update, the fingerprint function would not operate until a waiting period of 48-hours. The tech rep further said that since this technology is 'creating many problems with customers', several carriers are discontinuing it entirely. She also told me that if it doesn't work after that 48-hour period, it probably never will.Addendum: Sure enough, after waiting 3-days (my guess is they don't count weekend days), the fingerprint scanner finally worked. That still doesn't quite excuse the response I received from Samsung.
I upgraded to this Galaxy S5 from my Galaxy S4. It is a definite improvement from the larger, clearer display to the water resistant housing, to the features. Excellent product!
My son really l iked this phone. Make sure you get a decent cover or skin or it
This is a really great phone without any notable flaws.
I bought this phone used. Came in perfect condition, everything works perfectly. I've had this phone for over a month now and I've had absolutely no problems with it. Android>iPhone.
Phone arrived quickly and was new as advertised. Has the same camera quality of the S6, and it wasn't worth paying twice as much as this phone just for a quicker processor.Took it to Cricket for activation. Only hitch in that process was figuring out my account number on the Tracfone to switch the number.
Phone is working perfectly, very good buy no regrets
Easily the best phone me, and all of my friends have ever owned. The "dated" hardware is still superior to the current iphone 6's. The camera is fantastic too! One of the best I've ever seen on a smartphone. I absolutely love it the phone all around!
A little laggy (even after removing/disabling unessentials), but given it is the last generation it is acceptable, I am happy with it :)
I had the S4 and i thought it was the best phone i ever had, wowo this S5 is much more nicer. I love the futures it came withI have no issues whatsoever. For the price i think it was cool
first smart phone no problems
Works great on straight talk. I've got super fast 4g lte. I was a bit nervous because when I used the straight talk website to set up my APN settings I ended up with only 4g....I did some digging and found the 4G lte APN settings on YouTube. Here are the straight talk APN settings if you need them like I did.Name: Straight TalkAPN: tfdataProxy: not setPort: not setUsername: not setPassword: not setServer: not setMMSC: http://mms-tf.netMultimedia message proxy: mms3.tracfone.comMultimedia message port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: not setAPN type: default,supl,mms,hipri,tfdataBearer: unspecifiedMobile virtual network operator type: none
Excellent phone at very good price. You should buy a screen protector and case as soon as possible. I got this for my wife and she loves it but was carrying it on her pocket and the screen cracked against her keys. Phone still works great, needless to say we got a screen protector and case soon afterwards.
I have a Galaxy tablet. It works well with this mobile phone. The phone is not too large or too small. Perfect fit. It IS unlocked, as advertised. Had absolutely no problem at AT&T switching from my old phone to the new one. Easy to use, The only glitch...still can't get it to "read" my fingerprint. But will work on researching the troubleshooter when I have more time.
great phone, good price. Have had no issues with this phone
Damn good phone with a damn good camera. I'm in real estate and talk on the phone constantly. Works very well and battery lasts long enough to make it through the day if you use power saving feature. First one sent to me had a RED WATER DAMAGE INDICATOR! I called the seller and he quickly sent me another that was in great shape and as described like new.
Excellent product. No problems. Arrived quickly.
Perfect brand new unlocked phone.
Great phone no signs of pervious wear!🙌
Phone works great. Have had no problems yet.
I've spent some time comparing phones, and this is definitely a hard to beat choice. It is even superior to many much more modern (and expensive) phones. If you are looking for: quality, reliability, a big high resolution screen, fast processor, long duration battery (really!) and great pictures, and don't want to pay a lot, then you should seriously consider this option.
Good phone, but is not a new one as at the description said, I already have one galaxy s5 from at&t and I compare this one to mine and has some minor differences, battery and tags in the phone are different, I don't know if it is an unlock phone but has the at & t logo in the back, maybe is a refurbished phone but still working good.
Great phone. Having fun exploring and learning.
Excellent!!
So far so good.
Excellent service - received my phone sooner that expected. The box was a bit scratched but the phone and accessories where in excellent condition. Phone did not have any damages and was able to activate with no issues. Would purchase again if needed. Thanks!
So far so good! Arrived on time in fact before promised date. The device was in very good condition with no major scratches on the screen. I did my SIM card in and did verify that it is unlocked and in working order. I sent this overseas to my girl in hong Kong. Hopefully it will work with the network there. I bought her a unlocked at&t before and it worked great.so I'm almost sure this will work also. After tinkering around with this device I was pleasantly impressed with its prefirmance. I'm not a big fan of phones with out removable battery or storage so I avoid the newer galaxy lines past this galaxy s5. Fast bright and clean and a very good price to boot. I plan to buy another one from SCE enterprise and give it to my moms. Great deal great device. Included was a new Samsung charging/data cable and Samsung plug nicely packed.
Ordered it from amazon and it was brand new, beware of other sellers selling as new when it is refurbished, saw plenty of those. Have this phone working on at&t network using a straight talk sim card and even have the phone updated to the newest available operating system which is nugat I believe. No complaints and the camera and slow mo video is great.
Very happy! Good price, fast shipping and good communication with the seller.
Good replacement for my S4. Works great.
Nice
Phone is good I can't complain I bought in amazon n I use in kenya
Arrived on time, the item works perfectly
I love it
Is is what I expected. Arrived on time. Came in original box.
Excellent celphone...
Got a refurbished one. Everything works. Only signs of damage was a nick on the plastic on the side. But it was refurbished. So my expectations were met perfectly.
Excelent
Excellent
Great phone. Great pics. Fast delivery.
very nice
no problems great deal
Purchased this phone and it arrived brand new in the box, swapped in the wifes old sim card from an S3, and bam we were off. No issues whatsoever. (ATT)
5.0 out of 5 starsExtremely satisfied - both the phone & the vendor!
Takes a while to get it up and running, but the phone is great.
Came a day earlier than I thought it would since I ordered on a Friday. I ordered two and they're both perfect. Thank you!
Wonderful phone in perfect new condition. Came with protective screen, no need to add Zagg Invisible Shield. Was unlocked as stated.
Great phone at a super price
Received as told. Phone came in original box. It had a charger and earphones (with multiple size ear pieces included) No instructions but, you can download them from Samsung web sight .Phone works great. Everything I was hoping for. Screen free of scratches. Had no problem taking the SIM card from my old LG Leon and slipping it into my Galaxy 5s. I have Simple Mobile. Not sure about how other companies work.
Works fine with T-Mobile. Comes with a bunch of AT&T apps I don't need.
Christmas present for son, who loved it.
This is an incredible phone. It is like carrying a small computer in my pocket.l It does everything well.
A very good phone. It was what I expected and more. It works very well with Straight Talk.
It's awesome I'm enjoying my s5
I was at first skeptical of buying a refurbished phone, but after extensive research, coupled with the seller's sales history and ratings, I decided it should be a safe purchase. The phone works great! Everything was included as advertised. I had some initial trouble getting it on my phone carrier's network, but this issue and the responsibility of the issue is external of Amazon, the seller, or even the phone for that matter. That issue lies solely with the way that carrier locks an IMEI number to a SIM card, which all other carriers do not do. You can usually just swap an existing SIM into a new phone and go (usually with a couple hours before it autoconfigs). Not with MetroPCS.What can I say? The phone is great. The seller (BREED) was awesome and answered all my questions, and even provided options for me to return/refund/RMA/exchange the device while I was having issues getting it connected to the new network. Thankfully I was able to get the issue resolved without having to go that route.
The S5 was all I expected and more having come from a Motorola Bravo.
Excellent
I don't think that the phone came unlocked as advertised. When I booted it up, it came up as at&t. But the phone came in great condition, and I love how it responds. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
Great phone. Brand new in the box, this is everything it claims to be. Perfect!
I replaced a S3 with this phone. The only things I don't like is that the S5 is a longer phone and the audio does not seem quite as loud as the S3 and really weak compared to my Note 3. Other than that it is a great improvement in all aspects from the S3.
I'm from Argentina, and it work OK.
Met every expectation and exceeded them.
Excellent!!
My daughter is very happy with her new Iphone cell phone
Love it.
Great phone and good price.
I am absolutely committed to the Android that only Samsung can offer. Way to go. I don't have the techy words to say how, each day I discover new features that simply thrill me. There is a heart monitor on the back for resting heart rate.....Love it... the camera actually takes pictures of my dogs Without, without red eye!!!!! I love the sound, the speed, the technology and the fact that it is an android and not an apple.
Great product. I highly recommend it if you are converting to Straight Talk Wireless.
I would give 4 stars if I didn't have 2 problems that I've had since I bought the phone a week ago... one thing that has happened is my phone when taking pictures with flash on wiline just turn off by itself and I have to take the entire phone apart and take the battery off just to get it to come back on and Ivery notice that when phone is on speaker phone Noone can hear me while I'm talking other then that the phone is great
I LOVE this phone. I'm still learning the fine points, but it's wonderful having a phone, mini-computer, camera, etc. at your fingertips. I would recommend this to anyone in the market for a new phone.
Awesome phone! Came 100% as described. Appears absolutely brand new! It was a fantastic Xmas gift for my son!
no problems great deal
works good
attended immediately and resolved the situation quickly and professionally fulfilled all expectations in a positive way, thank you very much
Product is working excellent
Love this phone! I use it with the Straighttalk unlimited plan and the phone works great! Phone, seller and service are highly recommended
So far, so good, so satisfied!!!!
excelente a-1
I recommend the seller. It is very good!!
DELIVERED ON TIME AND THE PHONE IS GREAT!
Thank you.
works great
Great phone. Streaming videos, movies, etc. is excellent with a great, clear picture. I am greatly impressed.
Completely satisfied with this phone. Nothing to complain about.
I have had the phone worked for a week now in a South American country that operates with Claro carrier. I had to update a firmware to verify that this phone could be compatible with my services in Ecuador and that was only a 20$ extra for it. Through and through this has worked fine and I have not had a single problem since.
THIS DEVICE IOS IN PERFERCT CINTION. AWESOME JOB!!!!
I recently bought this phone from Amazon a d found out it is. Not unlocked as advertised and spent an hour on the phone (landline) unlocking it. The phone is great otherwise, but had to uninstall all ATT apps, what a pain, do not know if I would buy another phone from Amazon. Buyer Beware.
First I will say that the S5 is an awesome phone, I really love the featureset. I would highly recommend getting it. This review will mostly be about my experience trying to buy one. This is my 5th attempt to get an S5 that was as described. I tried 3 times on ebay, doing my homework on the sellers, but they were all flawed in some way (screen burn-in, screen color partially tinted, GPS not working, etc.). This was my second attempt on Amazon. The first one was obviously a refurb and the fit and finish was off. No way that thing was going to be water resistant. I looked into seller ratings and wanted a "new" S5. So far everyone indicated they were new, but they were clearly not. They didnt even have the decency to sell a product that could fool someone to think it was new. This time, I went with TopShelf Direct as my seller and this one is actually new, or darn well close enough to fool me and is functional and clean. No doubt, use these guys if you can.
I needed a new phone after my Iphone died on me, and I wanted this model specifically because friends have been raving about it.All the wireless carriers nowadays charging full price for their phones, apparently their old "eligible for upgrade" policy means NOTHING anymore.I refuse to pay those crazy prices they charge and started some research on an alternative way to get a new phone.After some Google searches I realized that I can bring in my own phone and have them activate it for free, as long as the phone is compatible with their services.In the description it states this phone is compatible with AT&T so I ordered it, but was just a bit afraid I'd get a refurbished one.The phone I got was brand new and AT&T activated it at no cost!For me personally this phone is even better because it is unlocked, which means that when I travel to Europe I can pop in a local SIM card, and no longer pay the crazy high per minute costs of texting and calling charged by AT&TThink about it, I paid $230-ish for the same phone AT&T would have charged me $507...not a hard choice to make.
All in order
Much faster than my S3 mini and the screen is much larger, which is very helpful for viewing the Waze gps app while driving. Features are similar to the S3 mini. The speakerphone feature is useless because the microphones (both bottom and top) are very muffled and people on the other side can barely hear me. I tested this thoroughly by calling my landline and leaving myself messages using speakerphone and normal mode. For some reason when you switch to speakerphone the mic's turn to crap.
Works perfectly
Its a real samsung s5
Said condation was very good and when I got it I could not find any ware on the phone. Very satisfied.
Works great. Has a tiny bit of scratches on the frame, but it looks fabolous. I was able to activate it with my phone company without a problem. Extremely pleased.
Awesome phone
Great phone
Fair price.
I've seen a lot of negative reviews on this phone; a lot of complaints. I've not had any problem at all with it, nor have any complaints about it. IVe had it for 2 wks. It's got great reception and is a very fast phone. However, this could always have something to do with your service and area you live in that determines how well that is. Has nothing to do with the actual phone. It has awesome camera quality! It has a lot of ringtones. It has several wallpapers. Short time to fully charge! Slow to lose full charge unlike the iphone I had. With this phone, you can download free music unlike the iPhone I had that went through itunes, which I never used anyway because you have to pay for music. But android phones such as this one probably all come with the option of downloading music for free through Google Play. This phone has already been dropped a few times and no breakage. It even has a different kind of sound if and when it drops; a more thump sound-sturdier unlike the iPhone which is glass and far more fragile. This phone is also very light-weight. My son's phone-like this one, he accidentally dropped out of his second-story window. It didn't break at all. He also accidentally left it in the freezer overnight. Lol It worked fine the next day. This phone also shows a list of all available wifi connections nearby unlike the iPhone I had. This one picks up on wifi nearby all the time which my iphone didn't. Even without the use of wifi uee, the 4G on it works great. It already comes with a screen protector, which was failed to be mentioned in the description. However, I'd bought one anyway not knowing it already came with one. So I'm also using that one. So it can fit two screen protectors if you want. Not necessary of course. But I certainly don't mind. Makes me feel like the phone's screen is even more securely protected. This phone is said to be waterproof. However, I have no use to purposely test that out. Lol I've heard the blood pressure feature doesn't work nor the fingerprint lock screen. I haven't tested either of those out either. Even IF they don't work properly, I still think this is an amazing phone. Besides, those two features aren't really necessary; nice to have I guess. Shouldn't determine how good the phone is overall. I don't regret for a minute buying this phone. I love it!
Great phone and got on time
Awesome cellphone quality.To tell you the truth, i was not expecting the phone to be in such good quality. It works just like a new cell phone would.
Phone arrived quickly and was new as advertised. Has the same camera quality of the S6, and it wasn't worth paying twice as much as this phone just for a quicker processor.Took it to Cricket for activation. Only hitch in that process was figuring out my account number on the Tracfone to switch the number.
Phone is working perfectly, very good buy no regrets
Easily the best phone me, and all of my friends have ever owned. The "dated" hardware is still superior to the current iphone 6's. The camera is fantastic too! One of the best I've ever seen on a smartphone. I absolutely love it the phone all around!
A little laggy (even after removing/disabling unessentials), but given it is the last generation it is acceptable, I am happy with it :)
I had the S4 and i thought it was the best phone i ever had, wowo this S5 is much more nicer. I love the futures it came withI have no issues whatsoever. For the price i think it was cool
first smart phone no problems
LOVE this phone!
very good
Good phone,only put sim and ready to used
I ordered the s5 a couple weeks ago after my Galaxy III decided to kick the bucket, and I'm finding it to be an incredible improvement over the strengths the III originally had. Rather than go into detail over the phone's features and beat a dead horse (CNET has a very comprehensive review you can read), I'll discuss the "buying experience."I purchased this phone from an Amazon Fulfilled vendor called "The Wireless Circle" (received it within 2 days via Prime!), It came delivered in a standard Amazon cardboard box and the phone itself in typical Samsung packaging, brand new, with a quick-start booklet, headphones, USB 3.0 cable, and a charging plug. The battery was already fully charged.I am an AT&T customer, but the website and the store were going to charge me $519 plus shipping, and no phones were available within a three-store radius where I live (Hah!). I did some online research and realized buying an unlocked phone was the way to go. I could write an essay on the differences between an unlocked and contract-free phone (just Google it) but if it helps - Since I am an AT&T customer, buying an unlocked AT&T phone meant all I needed to do was take it to the store for activation. Even then, all I needed to do when I got there was replace my SIM card.Ergo: I SAVED MONEY by purchasing an unlocked phone. No more 2-year contracts for me! This is how I'm buying my phones from now, on.
This is the best phone I've ever had my hands on. Hands down.
Perhaps I should have purchased an international version but I wanted to be sure I had full access to all available AT&T wireless bands. Inspite of all the AT&T bloatware this SM G900A is still great and arrived from this seller just as stated. Can't say for sure if its actually unlocked, but I as a BYOD customer, I can get an unlock code from AT&T if necessary.Jail breaking can easily get rid of the AT&T and Samsung bloatware too!
Love this phone. Even though it is refurbished it looks like brand new. AT&T got me onto their network with no problems.
Bought as a birthday present for my husband, he positively loves it, works great, had it for a month.
Great phone, the company that sold it was nice enough to place a screen protector on it before shipping.
excellent, very good
works fine as it should be
Got my phone fast and in good condition with extras case sd card very happy thanks
Is a great phone. Besides, the camera is great. Is really fast and easy to use. One thing that is not so great is the size and weight. Is a little bigger and heavy than I am use to. The rest is great.
Very pleased with phone. It appears that I will have to replace the battery in the near future but that was expected.
Good value, easy to use.
LOVE IT, IT BIG AND BOLD
Great!!
Great
Love my new phone, lots of feature and the cost was much cheaper that at the phone store, I really saved a lot.
The case was in good condition very thick and somewhat protective however when you are taking a picture around the circumference of the picture has a very white blurry look and when I remove the case I realize it was not like that, the case is so thick that the camera is so far Deep inside
I really like it! It has a lot of features and works perfect!
The phone is in really good conditions, but I did had some disappointments with this phone. I bought it for my dad and as far as he likes it, it's okay for me. For the money that you pay, it's really good conditions. Thank you
it's boring, bring apps, that i can not uninstall, its memory RAM is wasted
Wonderfull
Upgraded to this after completely annihilating my s4 mini (it served its purpose well over the years). I didn't really see the need to get one of the latest Galaxy cell phones so i got the S5 as the specs are just as good as the latest phones (and let's face it guys, specs on these phones are overkill for most apps). Only thing I really have a problem with is the bigger size of the phone, as my hands are used to smaller phones. I see they have a setting to make one handed control a bit easier so I will check that out if I need to. But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
Grieta Cellphone
Arrived on time and just as it was described, a NEW U LOCKED phone. Was super simple to set up when I called Cricket CS.This one replaced my LG phone. Had an S3 in the past and was devestated when it stopped working, and this one picked right back up with where I had left off. Had ZERO learning curve!
Good phone...
Loved it...
exselente
great product works as new
Great phone
Horrible with new update. Slow.
As expected
The AT&T version of the phone is not the same as the T-Mobile.1. There is no wi-fi calling feature when you switch the phone over to a different carrier.2. When at full volume the speaker kind of sounds choppy. There indeed is a tick sound when playing music.3. It really isn't a bad phone and you do get what you pay for.4. It indeed is unlocked I tried all different kinds of networks and I even went over seas and the phone is unlocked to any carrier or network.
Fast shipping, good phone
minor scratches on the edges but other thing that perfect phone
Good phone. First one I got from the retailer here on Amazon came with a faulty audio jack, so that was quite unfortunate as I use the audio jack on phones quite a lot.Replaced it, audio jack worked.With using straight talk service, you may have problems with getting the 5.0/5.1 Android OS and may be stuck with 4.4.4 unless you root your phone and put it on there yourself.Another problem I seem to be having with the phone, which is minor, is that I have problems with receiving MMS messages. Minor problem, but for those who are interested in buying the phone it is information worth providing.
The item is as expected deserves the price and expectation. One thing I will not pass mentioning is the battery' deplation. It due to long use that is easy discheged, in a couples of hours. That is the only comment I make so far. It needs to be addressed.thanks you
Lovely phone
Exactly as advertised! Well Done
Better than I expected for a used phone,looks new,no scratches,no cracks,very satisfied with the purchase.
I am pleased with the S5. Still learning how to fully use it. Would like to have capability to remove bloatware llke Uber.
Excelent
Happy with the product and customer service was very helpful.
The phone works great. A simple change of SIM card from the last phone and I was in business
very satisfied, came on time.
Like it..thank you
Great phone! Charging port has some ware and the edges of the phone have a few dings (expected being refurbished) but functions as if it was new.
Excellent phone. ...love it
So far so good but my wife's phone has trouble with pictures and videos. Also when I Sbeam pics from one phone to the other, the pics are saved in download rather than on the SD card...any way to fix that?
Satisfied with the product
So far this phone is working perfectly. It has a very clear screen and all the options we need. It would have been helpful to have a manual included with the phone but the on-line manual has been helpful so far. We have had the phones for only a few days so it is fairly early to give it a complete assessment.
Was very very nervous about purchasing over the Internet . So many horror stories. But the seller has mostly great reviews...I got exactly what was described and what I expected..I will definitely buy from this seller again. Not to mention I got an incredible price..
Bueno
Nice phone, a bit more complicated than my Samsung S3 mini it replaces.The big negative is it advertised as new but in fact it was not. Originally sold by Angel Cellular and activated in April 2014 by AT&T, confirmed by AT&T.
Arrived on time and it no scratch at all. Happy with this purchase
Great phone
Very nice phone. Love Android. PROBLEM: battery does not last as expected...
This is a fantastic phone. It's easy to see why the Samsung Galaxy series is an industry juggernaut.
Bought it for a friend in Honduras and he's in love with his Galaxy S5. It was ready to use, didn't have to unblock it again as you have to do with some phones, he just put in his chip and was ready to go. Great phone
This phone has met many of my expectations. It arrived as promised. The features are handy to use. I still get frustrated with it sometimes though. It seems to change the home and lock screen back to the default whenever it feels like it. Some apps get stuck and don't function properly. As I am not sure if these are user error or issues with the phone, I hesitate to give it a low rating.
It had scuffs on the sides of the phone but works great
Nice item, no problems
Great product & wonderful customer service!!!
Working good
Super phone.
Love this phone! It charges and stays charged much faster than the iPhone I previously had.
Can't complain twas over expectation
Like it very much
did buy couple of these for my family and even though I am not a user myself, I can say that they are incredibly happy with these samsung's. reliable at best, never fail, never slow down processing, never tire. screen is amazing and they say -and so i think - about the right size! battery life doing good, enough for whole day of normal to intense use, and they got spare batteries now . my recommendation.
Arrived as promised..Product is as stated..
BNIB Quick delivery - highly recommend.
If you're shopping for a new Samsung smartphone, but are shocked by the prices, you may want to consider this one. It came new in the box; the only thing you'll have to get is a SD card for it.I decided on this phone due to lack of options for upgrades with my carrier, and ultra-high prices from other sources.It comes with the charger cord, outlet adapter, and a set of earphones.
I wanted to buy a "new" unlocked phone that would work on the AT&T network here in Alaska. I did a lot of research to ensure this model would work best on their network. It appears that most/ (maybe all) GSM phones with work world-wide on other GSM networks. However, from my research, it seems as though not every GSM phone will with perform as well as the "branded" models that are designed for use on their networks. This appears to especially hold true for what data speed you can potentially connect with i.e., 3G maximum or 4G LTE service.I ordered a new phone and that is exactly what I got. It still had the protective film over all the ports, etc. and the phone clock only had a few minutes of QC test-time on it. It came with a battery, wall charger, ear-buds and instructions. I did have to go to the AT&T store to have them install a micro-SIM because my old phone used the mini-SIM so I could not simply swap it out between the two phones.Overall this a very nice high-end phone. Fast, with a crisp & clear screen. Seems to be working fine on my network and it connects to the LTE signals when I'm in range of those cell towers.
It's a Galaxy S5 so there are plenty of reviews that say what a great phone this is. I was a little concerned about buying a phone online and having it activated by AT&T but there wasn't a problem. I took the phone to my local AT&T store and they installed a new SIM (my old one was the wrong size for this phone) and had me going in minutes. The money I saved buying this phone on Amazon allowed me to buy a ton of accessories.
So far, I'm happy with the Celular. The spec's are as described in the item description in Amazon.
I recently ordered this phone in Dec 2014 and I shipped it to a friend who brought it to the Caribbean for me. Firstly, I went to put in a Sim card by my ISP and they told me that the phone was LOCKED and the description by the seller said the phone was UNLOCKED. I was really disappointed as I had to pay over US$20 to get it unlocked. My thing is just be truthful when describing phones. Also the tethering is also blocked and I am still trying to find a way to unblock it.On the flip side, the phone functions well and I love it especially the cam as it takes clean pictures. The phone was also shipped just as it said it would. #Thumbs up to speedy delivery
Works fine with T-Mobile. Comes with a bunch of AT&T apps I don't need.
Great item. It met my expectations.
I am very pleased with the service and product quality, I recommend 100%
Nice and lightning fast! No problems with the phone 3 weeks in. I love it!
great phone
very useful
excellent i like the phone it fits my needs.
Nice phone, bought it for parents, easy to use for them as they have never had one before.The battery that came with it was loosing conection and turning phone off, they sent a new one and haven't had any problems. Just a fluke I guess.
The product was delivered on time and was as described. I was replacing a Motorola phone and this is a terrific phone. I am still learning how to use it and its capabilities.
great phone at good price!
It is great product. I would recommend it to everyone.
Excellent choice of cellphone.
Outstanding phone at a great price!
excelent for this moment
Price is good and the phone is great considering it is 2 generations old, but for 1/3 the price of the s7, I'll take it!
Love my Galaxy S5 on Verizon. Bought this version for my husband to experiment with Straight Talk using the At@T towers. Came with Kit Kat, Updated to Lollipop and now waiting for update to Marshmallow. Seems to be working fine. Husband is learning to use.
excelente
This phone is a nice phone working very well. no problem on it.
Excellent
Satisfied
A wonderful phone! This is by far the best phone I have ever had. It is loaded with a crap ton of features, I'm still trying to learn them after having the phone for a few weeks. It is fast, so far has been able to handle everything I've thrown at it. The camera is fairly good too, 16mp and great 1080p video. It has a smooth motion setting that makes your video incredibly clear and smooth frame rate. So far I am absolutely loving it. The only downside to it is that the battery is kind of weak. My phone is at about 40-50% by the time I get home from work with light use all day. Aside from that one thing, this phone is a great buy for the price I got it.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00K15KRV6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_22
No problem. Phone excellent
Excellent, very happy with the two we bought
perfect!!
Not connecting to the Internet sometime. Everything think else works great.
recommended
Great phone , works as expected and takes amazing pictures.note: In Argentina the 4G does not work
It us sticking sometimes.
Good phone, my husband is happy with it
Amazing phone I can switch to any company and has 4G internet
gret phone I strongly recommend
Very Good!
The phone it self is fantastic, but in the posting add for it I didn't see anything that this one was set up for a foreign country. The charger has the two round prongs, and the device was in Spanish when I first received it. It took me quite a while to find the language setting to get it turned back to English, but once I did I had no more problems. Setting it up with a carrier was really easy and I've got no more complaints.
iv been using the phone for 2 months now and it is a real smg900f
Just what I wanted for about $100 less than std price
its excelent
Exactly what I was expecting. :)the item even arrived earlier than expected.
excellent working phone, no problems at all. perfect in every way :-)
perfect
moving to Ecuador. Hooked it up and it worked great. The USA version may work in Ecuador, but I can't say for sure. This phone takes the really small micro SD card, so you will have to go to a *LARGE* phone store. Most little shops only have a bigger cards and this phone will not take it.
ok
very good
I can't begin to say how pleased I am with this phone. I'm in Trinidad and it works perfectly. Just had to trim sum with scissors
Great phone.. Works in Barbados with Digicel and LIME providers. Still learning all the features but the transition away from Blackberry is totally worth it
good
I liked
excellent, as is the description. Works perfectly.
Didn't want to sign a contract with a major phone company, plus I wanted sometime by the very next day, cause my S2 finally decided to hit the dust and flat out stopped turning on. I didn't want to spend over $400 either. I was happy with my S2 and didn't need anything super fancy so i went with the S5. I've been very happy with it since i got it. (been about 6 months now) It was easy to switch over to Consumer cellular as an unlocked phone. My only complaint is sometimes (very rarely) it shuts off..... It can be due to it maybe having to much running in the background and i forgetting to close aps that are running. its done this about 4 times since I've had it which isn't bad i think. other than that its been working great.
I have received the S5 in brand new condition. I did not buy this from a 3rd party seller. I bought this directly from Amazon. It was QC inspected by Amazon and sealed.Everything came factory sealed. The unit seems geared toward the United Arab Emirates, however its all in English and works fine.Battery life is about 2 days. Battery charges in under an hour. (I swap out batteries every year and it feels like a new fone again)The camera is spectacular.The S5 overall is quite responsive.Cheers.
Works as intended
Excelente
Excelente producto
Got it today. Can't wait to use it.
i love its phone
I like the phone, or better I love Samsung Galaxy phones but with this one I am having an issue that is really frustrating. It doesn't update apps and it doesn't download apps either unless I do a reboot all the time just to download an app. I have gone to every android forums to find an answer, I have ignored the wireless connection and establish it again, I have restarted my router, I have wiped the cashe partition of the phone, I have changed the IP settings to "Static", I have unchecked the "Smart network switch, but nothing seems to work. I don't know what else to do, maybe I will replace it with a different one, hoping that this problem won't persist!UPDATE,I figured it out. Force stop Google Play, clear the cashe, reboot the phone and then download the apps or update the apps one by one.
Doesn't come with correct charging cable, luckily I have a Samsung Galaxy Pro tab that uses the same charger. Poor move on the manufacturer's part.
Great product, as advertized. I have not fully tested. But so far is working fine. The phone rebooted several times by it self have reset it self. But that is the only problem that I've had so far.
good product
Perfecto!
Shipped when promised and it is exactly what I wanted. Screen is really clear and easy to see. Would recommend this phone!
so nice
After a year. I still love it.
Yes
No issues so far, phone speed is great with downloads and uploads, had it for about 2 months now, shipping was fast!
it works well...
Item as described. Great value. Fast shipment
When it came is brand new as expected. Everything match the description.
I started using this phone on February 18th 2016, so far everything works fine. I received all parts, charger and adapter, headphones etc.
Met expectations
All good thank you
Just Perfect.
Good Product. Although i bought used (like new product) but you really cannot differentiate between a brand new phone and this phone. a little issue with the charging pin lock. otherwise its a good product.
Excelent
Fantástico
excellent
its ok
Product arrived quickly and exactly as described.Great and very trusted seller.
Great product, great experience.
Excelente
Box was closed but you can tell it was not unopened straight from the factory. That being said the phone was brand new, in all original cellophane packaging, no scratches etc etc. Unlocked new galaxy5 - where else are you gong to find one for this price (best buy charges $799 or so last time I checked). Highly recommend! Would purchase from them again. (oh, and the phone is awesome, much better than my iphone5, and I am a big apple lover, using my iphone since they first came out).
the phone works great Iput a 128 gb sd card is work like a charm but is a H+ but is really nice phone
Excellent phone.
It worked perfectly in mexico... it doesnt get the 4g lte, just 3g but its a really fast 3g maybe faster than lte...havent had any problem with it...i want to try it under water but im scare to do it... excelent phone... really recomended...
Excellent product
excellent phone. Everything listed came. Was abit worried from one or two reviews but glad I made the purchase.
The Lambo of the smartphones!
Great product. Period.
excelente
great product... only one issue power cord didn't work so got another one .. too bad seller didn't have option to contact easily available ..
Excellent purchase. Very happy.
The BEST phone I've ever had!
Great I like it
excelente teléfono
This is a really good phone and they are a really good company
Simply...Amaizing...! The best smartphone I ever have. It Works perfect, the quality sound of its earphones incredible and the video quality spectacular...you are enjoy this device.
After almost one week I found out the box was left in another building. I'm not happy with delivery but the phone works great.
I am enjoying my phone
Nice phone.
excelente
International LTE version, great phone. This phone can use any G900F firmware, i.e. HongKong version.But it is not factory sealed, maybe it was opened and checked by the retailer.
Very nice phone, everything great, accessories great. Just one problem with the back cover it doesn't close and seal the phone well. So for a phone with IP certification this is mandatory, but maybe mine have a fabric defect.
As discribed excellent product AAA++++
How you doing dudes? just wanted to quickly share, got my phone, in less than 10 minutes I synched, email, contacts, calendar and heck it works really well here in México, so you know, most of the carriers in México are GSM, cool stuff, came in a box with all the safety stickers, great phone, perfect size... for the size of my hand I think
I LOVE MY PHONE IT WORKS SO GOOD THE ONLY THING I AM STILL LEARNING TO USE SOME OF THE FEATURES IN THE PHONE.
It's a very good product and works properly. I'm happy with the purchase.
Great phone and had expandable memory unlike the s6
Top condition!!!
This device is extremely resourceful and user friendly. I have no regrets whatsoever.
The item meets its intended purpose.
great product
Useful, seller was really helpful and responsive. Will buy again
awesome phone and seller. works everywhere. powerful phone.
fantastic
Ships new in box with plastics still on.Right model, easy set up....All in all, would buy again if I needed two phones.
exelente
works perfectly in Movilnet Venezuela. Great product. but the european charger with the adapter is to big to have it in my pocket.
Excellent
Excelente
YES
Excelente
PERFECTO
Excellent phone. It didn't get five stars because it doesn't have spanish language. It's safe to buy.
Excelent product it comes very fast to me country I love 5 star u can buy it very sure
Really good
Fantastic phone. It works fine with Movistar, Movilnet and Digitel in Venezuela.
This is a very nice phone with some great features. Just be sure to check the LTE coverage. My best access is only 4G in North Texas, which works fine for me.
Thank you very much, I received excellent product
I bought this for someone and he liked it very much. The phone is sleek and the display crisp. The call quality is good.
All perfect..thanks
Excellent
amazing phone, unlocked as said, for using in Ecuador
love it
Using in Israel and loving it.
Great phone...best I have ever had...
I love the phone, don't know if it works in Korea where I am for a year and haven't set it up yet but I'm sure it will be fine.
It is great. Thanks
i love the phone it was a great buy, still tweaking it though, the one handed thumb finger only goes through 40% other fingers go though 95%
Excellent
Excellent ! works perfectly in venezuela. The people that works in best buy samsung in mexico really help me and taught me a lot. Thank you
Very good... Excellent work and attention.. Recommended
You missed the manual
Excellent
Excelent Phone. Very fast.
Did not get the charger as seen in the pics go another one which i didn't need , im from Jamaica it works great i tested it on Digicel . Apart from the charger hick up the phone is awesome and everything else is great.
Appears to be original. I bought one for Venezuela and 4G works fine with DIGITEL.
Great device, it arrived before the due date. Properly packed. Brand new just as it is online. I live in Jamaica and I am able to get 4G data service. I'm pleased!
Bought it for a friend and he loves it
Excellent all the things
Had some trouble in the beginning, but it is working great now. Very strong and durable. Live in Suriname and works great.
Good phone, quick ship, good seller. Thx
I needed a phone immediately so waiting for the S6 was not possibleI like this phoneI had heart failure when I read on the end of the box "European SIM only"Amazon assured me no problemI have now used SIM cards from Philippines and Thailand with no problemsgoing to try 4G next week in ThailandI understand that this phone will not work with a lot of carriers in the US due to (I suspect) their monopoly mentality,,,surprised their rule are not illegal in the US as they seem to dictate to their customers and manufacturers with locks etcI will be in Central America in 2 months and expect no problems there either,,,except maybe from CLARO
nice product..
Amazing smartphone, its incredible quick, faster than the S5 SMG900H (octacore).
Very fast, stable and a lot of useful tools. I think some items are useless for me, like the air view, but it may be useful for someone. It's a nice resource anyway.The remote control functionality and the use with chromecast is amazing.I think the S-view flip cover is mandatory. I found it the most useful add-on.The only thing I dislike is British standard charger.
Good
there is a definite learning curve with the samsung s5, and too much preloaded bloatware. i think it will be awhile before i can review it adequately.
It is to me much better than a blacberry that i had can do anything you want nice size and keyboard good for people with big fingers so you can type easy very clear if you talk to some one not that hollow sound
Amazing! !
I choose my rating based on personal decision.Very impressed with the sharpness or brightness of the pictures and also, the compatibility of the device.Surely recommending the device to friends and so far, responses are very impressive
I liked the Samsung galaxy s 5.. loved the finger print login.. there a lot of apps on this phone. I am still learning though. remote control for my TV... I can list a lot of things....The reason I bought this one I travel a lot. i.e. outside the country just buy a micro sd sim and use it....good camera quality.. etc
I love this phone....
Excelente.
The original guaranty seal was broken, but The phone is excelent conditions .
Really good thank you
very good
Good product. Good service
Nice Phone.
i love my phone!!!
Excelent product.
If you buy a phone like this, it's a must that you invest in a hard case or else you will break the back cover before you know it.The cover of the phone is way too too thin. But this is no problem if you get a nice cover for it.
Excelente
Very happy with all aspects of the phone. Very fast, very stable.
good product
Excellent
ok
happy with my phone and really satisfied with it.
I have never had a Samsung, and this blows any phone I have ever had out of the water!!
The Samsung s5 is everything. I read reviews after my purchase and realised that the s4 active has an underwater mode which the s5 does not have. However I went swimming with it anyway and was able to make underwater videos by starting the video before immersing. Phone is definitely waterproof. After the new upgrade, lollipop I believe, there has been some app failure and freezing of the camera. I blame the upgraded OS not the phone.
Thanks.
Excellent phone.
everything ok
good
excelente
Excelente.
ALL OK
all thoroughly recommend
The item is nicely featured
comfortable product. i was surprised that it was not unlocked and there was not mention of AT&T when purchased, however it was dealt with.
Perfect
Recommended user. responsible. post replythings in good condition, real images, good priceellis altuve ariza, venezuela, 12-01-2014@ellisaltuve
This is a very fast phone i love it alot and yes i did get the 4G lte model SM-G900F it is 100% original stuff from samsung so u guys can go ahead and order if you want. It came with a uk adapter but you get a converter to change the pins back to US standards.
Excellent cell phone! it works terrific with movistar ve. Available several languages including Spanish. recommended!
Excelent
thanks
Excellent service, excellent product. It works perfect in my country.
excellent
Worked 100% in Ecuador (no Spanish OS)
I got what i need in it.
Excellent
good
It worked fantastically, just as advertised. Inserted the sim from the local provider in Costa Rica and all features worked as designed.
Great purchase. .great phone
Excellent
Excellent product
This is an excellent phone and the service is good also
Good product but I don't like the charger.
Had a Samsung device before so my expectations were high and they have been met. Sleek, lightweight. Actually lighter than my previous Galaxy Nexus i9250 which was smaller than it. Talking alarm clock, bigger screen, clean pictures at high focus all big pluses. Pedometer helping me to keep focused on burning the calories. Wasn’t able to install Samsung Switch on my previous device but all my apps were installed automatically. Another big plus…the battery life. Currently running the device on power saving mode and I do not have to walk to work with my charger again, even on busy days, meaning lots of calls, short videos and using apps that rely on either WiFi or data services. My one negative so far is that on trying to unlock my screen with password it almost always locks back after entering the first letter. Also cannot find where to adjust settings so that phone can say name of person calling. Found it at first and now for some reason cannot find it back again. Great phone overall. I look forward to learning more and using it more to manage my life. Also hoping to see Lollipop on it soon.
I leked
great
Great phone and performance AND it has expandable memory - maybe that's why the S6 isn't in such hot demand! and the S7 is coming early!
Love my phone. No problems
everything good
Fine good produt-price ratio
Great camera. Good phone.
Great phone very flexible you can pick your own GSM network without signing up for contracts and has the great Samsung old advantage of being able to add Micro SD Card and Exchangeable battery, as a matter of fact I own a Galaxy S6 Edge as well Battery life on S5 is much superior to the S6 Edge just a shame that it doesn't come larger than 16gb Ram
I have same problems with the sound and its moving slowly when I search something.
excellent
I love it
Everything ok
Great phone, tons of features, at a great price, still figuring out some of the features, love the quality of pictures it take.
exellent smatphone
I got this phone to use on Straight Talk to replace my Google Nexus 4. I could only use it with the AT&T sim card on Straight Talk but would have preferred the Verizon sim card because of better coverage area. I really appreciate the expandable memory. My only complaint is the touch screen is overly sensitive. Overall, I am very satisfied.
I love this phone. It keeps on amazing me !
I love this phone and this is the second time I purchase it; this time as a gift to my father who also loved it and could feel a big difference with the S3 that he was using before.Even though Samsung released the S6, I will stick to my S5 as it still has support for MicroSD (which is a big deal for me) and the fact that I can change the battery with higher capacity whenever I want to. I purchased a 7200 mAh battery that I sometimes use when I know I am going to be hammering the phone for a couple of days without a change to charge it.But going back to what's on the box on the purchase, it has everything I want, the differences with capacity in camera, screen, processor in comparison with S6 are not that great, so I would stick to this cheaper model. It it light, comfortable, screen size is great.This particular model (SM-G900F) does support 4G (not all S5 do support it, but I think it is important for you to know in case you need it). Yes, I do my homework before investing in a phone.Hope this review helps someone make a decision.
you have 5 stars from me...and yes more then ever...thank you so much.
Excelente.
Excellent product!
EXCELENTE
I have had this phone for two years and it works perfectly. It is everything I need. it came in a brand new box.
as described and it works great
It was received on time. It is working ok
The in-hand feel is better and the water proof facility is awesome as I have a little kid. Coming to the seller the shipping was quick and came with all the accessories.
Everything OK. Product and logística wonderfull
EXCELENTE
Sleek, user friendly, lots of apps, takes very good pictures.
The phone in itself is almost perfect.However, I had a blackberry before, and I wanted android for the applications... A lot of things are less user friendly than on my previous phone, and I had a lot of crashes already.If I had discovered earlier that I could install androids applications on my BkB earlier, I would not have bougt that phone :/(it is more a problem with android than with samsung, though)
So far everything great with my phone!
Works very well will Tmobile.
It's very good, but reciently I have little problems with de unlocked.
works perfect for Telcel GSM!! (Mexico) Phone looks great as a refurbished, almost as new 98%
works great
I was delighted
Good product, works well, and no problems.
It's a good product.
Do not take LTE in USA
THE BEST OF THE BEST
exelente producto
Truly enjoy this phone. So much to learn and the abilities almost seem endless.Not too big and plenty of aftermarket supplies for this phone. There are no issues with the languages, Yep... Believe the advertisement, this phone does what it says.
Everything is as it says, $G S5 SM-G900F Unlocked, All New and in perfect conditions, so happy with the smartphone
Still in the process of learning the phone but nothing thus far has disappointed me.I am pleased with my purchase.
Great experience, no problems
I like it
good i like
My only advise iI you leave in Latin America it does not work for G4 networks. It seem the right model is the 900M. This is the celular with the correct band 4 AWS.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00JFNDLRC/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0
I received my phone yesterday and I received the type I ordered. I know it will work great in Jamaica.
Until the moment the team result satisfactory to me, very good. Is compliantwith my expectations, as indicated in its manufacture is very good.
excellent
I bought this for my brother to use in Finland. So far it works very well just as expected. The phone arrives with European charger but the seller I bought it from added U.S. adapter to the package as well. Overall, this phone seems to be pretty good value as it was relatively cheap for an unlocked phone. Personally I'm not fan of Samsung products but that's completely another story.
It's very good phone.
Best smartphone i have had to date!
excellent
Just got my phone in yesterday. I'll update if I need to, but so far its great. Did the set up on the phone and works perfectly. I'm not a technologically inclined person, but its easy to use. I'll be going to get it added to the Tmobile plan later this week, but without the SIMs card so far its picking up full bars where I live. Waiting on the SIMs and I'll update on the 4GLTE. The charger is a bit different than what I'm use to, but probably cause its a international version. It has three pieces. One is the normal US plug in, one is the usb, and the other is this prong thing I've not seen before. But again could be cause its an international. Either way its charging really well. Straight from the box, the battery had 50% power. I played with it for several hours last night and several hours today before could get the battery down enough to charge for first time. So I'm expecting great battery life.
This is a brand new, in original packaging, unlocked phone. With the recent introduction of the S6, the price of the S5 has dropped. When buying such an unlocked phone in the USA, one needs to realise that this is a "grey market" phone, and although genuine and new in every way, one is highly unlikely to get any warrentee service, in the USA or elsewhere. One can purchase such a warrentee from 3rd party companies.As most people know, the S5 is a world class phone. Be sure the frequency bands of the phone match your phone company. Also, not all 5S's are the same. There is a 3G phone (the H model) the 4G LTE phone (the F model) a dual SIM model, and some others. Do your research, get the one that's right for you.
Everything okey
Muy bueno
Great!! works perfect with Movistar in Venezuela
in love
excelent
amazing phone, amazing display and camera, sometimes when you try to open the gallery it crashes and u need to open it again.
i love my Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900F 4G LTE 16GB BLACK - International Unlocked Version, great for venezuela movistar ok
excellent, everything went well the product meets my expectations, 100% reliable and recommended. hope to continue like this. Excellent excellent
The seller was very professional and prompt. The item came as described and works perfect! I needed the unlocked feature since I travel extensively out of the country, and this was exactly what I needed. I would recommend the item and the seller in a heart beat! Would buy again!
The seller shipped the phone just a few hours after I ordered it, so that was worth the S&H fees.The screen, battery, camera, CPU, everything technical about the phone is great.I don't love the aesthetics of it. The metal frame around the edge has these goofy ridges in it and the overall design is just not great.If I could do it over again, I would probably get the S4 for $450. But then again, I plan on keeping this phone for 2 years and I wanted the top of the line. The battery and camera are moderately improved and those are important features for me.
All features off the phone work properlyNo faikures , water resistan works pedometer works and pictures are pretty clear
My samsung galaxy s5 is a very good phone.Is easy to use, If you want a cell phone, trade it. I love it.
Was delivered on time in keeping with my request and is simply a great phone.
Excellent Phone, excellent resolution, for 80% of work I am not using now laptop but the S5.
excelente
Received timely, new package, except that in the technical specifications do not indicate that a bulky adapter that is used in the UK is provided. Although a plug for American electric system is supplied.
The best Samsung phone. The only thing is the charge cable works but is not perfect fit for this phone, ther is another charger that works better and charger faster.
excenlent
Yes, its a great phone. About the best out there right now.Pro-great screen, pretty fast, and seems tough by the number of times I have already dropped it (i have a bump guard).Con- the price (wow!), the short battery life
I upgraded to the S5 from the Note, and I'm VERY happy with it. Battery duration is way better than the Note's, it's fast, excellent screen size and doesn't feel so bulgy in the pocket.Special kudos for the possibility of washing the device in the sink (water proof), of drawing and writing on it using a regular, graphite pencil, and for the slow motion video (240 frames per second).For my fellow citizens, it works perfectly with 4G in Brazil.
Fast delivery. Using the phone in China where new phones come sans Google apps. Works well with a VPN. This is my first Samsung phone, came over from HTC, happy with it so far. Pluses: replaceable battery, water resistance, expandable memory...
Did well
Good product recommend. Good delivery time.
This phone is amazing except one thing: open the camera and gallery application is slower than an Iphone 5s, if you will test it, you'll find the cruel reality. Regarding the OS's I had only used Iphone before and it was easy adapted to Android, so don't be afraid to experience Android OS. I used to have an Iphone4 so it's a huge upgrade, and I am very satisfied with Samsung S5, it has the best hardware of the current phones.
Excellent Product 100% satisfied recommend
Great phone, does everything I expected and more. No regrets here.
this phone is just amazing!!! the pictures are incredible and everything else works great!! i definitely recommend this version of the S5 over the rest... although i did get the phone with two sim card slots not one like i ordered
I was kind of worried after reading some of the reviews here, however, the phone is exactly what it should have been. Sealed, new and in perfect condition. Inserted my StraightTalk SIM and went through the very basic setup that is pre-programmed in the phone... and it worked! Converted to this phone from an iPhone 4 and not looking back! After buying the phone out right, you really can't beat $45 a month for 4G service on Samsung's flagship phone.
Excellent screen, Good camera, good responsiveness....Touchwiz is still a bif annoying but soon cyanogenmod will come out for it.
Just perfect. Exactly what I expected. I works on T-Mobile USA. For the moment I've just had the h+ but it's really fast.I ordered a SM G900F and I received a SM G900FD (duo sim) which is better for me because I use it in two countries !I love it.
I love it!
Great phone, great construction, switching from an S3 and loving it. The biggest issue on the S3: battery life, seems to have been solved, this one will last for about 8 hours of heavy use. The screen and touch sensiblity are awesome. I'm really satisfied with this purchase.
Perfect
It's ok
Excelente
GOOD
verygood
Just loved it.
Works perfectly, original product, love it
exelente
I like
Excelente producto y rápido servicio, el teléfono llegó con todos sus accesorios
Amazing phone! Have used this phone for about 2 months now. Works perfect. Not disjointed at all
Simply loving it!
great samrtphone. easily activated for unlocking zone. works perfectly
Unable to get 4G service on the phone. Only 3G and GSM. Apart from that, it's nice.
I'm in love with my phone. So many many features. Top notch technology.
Everything worked really good with the cellphone. It's just as described and it works just fine in Costa Rica. I like it even more that the S4 as that one was unblocked but had some crazy T-Mobile software installed and was kind of annoying. This one is completely unlocked and works perfect. Thanks!
I was very happy with the time and delivery of this phone. Phone came in and worke very well.
Excellent product , delivery expected
Bought from seller CANGURO- it was 100 percent ready to use! Region unlocked and came with a converter for US useage. So far so good. Zero issues- I recommend this seller.
This is the best buy I have made this year so far. No problems, no issues and the phone runs as if it just came out of the factory. For the price it is definitely worth the buy and it will complete tasks much more faster than the S3 and the S4
👍🏻
My S5 arrived in 2 or 3 days! I love this Phone. it does all I need and is very stable. Fast and responsive. some Apps may be problematic but not the Phone!! I even did an upgrade from the net after a ROM update was released and a message popped up. the Phone came up after this without any issue. and I haven't lost anything!
This is a great smartphone and very nice to look at and use. The Android system makes it very attractive and adaptable to your preferences. The phone is quick and responsive.
Excelent phone
Great phone. Authentic Samsung Galaxy S5. Works well in the Caribbean.
Exelente
It is so good
Bueno
Excellent phone, arrived on time and takes awesome pictures!!!Everythin is great about it.I give it Five Star +Thank you
It is great
Special features for the possibility of washing the device in the water (water proof), of drawing and writing on it using a regular, graphite pencil, and for the slow motion video (240 frames per second)..
good product
I had this phone since April, works flawlessly , survived drops , survived custom roms , Survived tons of junk loaded on it, still looks bran new in my opinion ! I would recommend , It and excellent phone!
good products and good service.
Extraordinay product. Great price
Worked very well with the Tmobile plan here in USA. Good size, crisp, clear photos and videos, ultra slim. Mine did not come with a carrying case and I had to purchase it separately.
very good cellphone
exelente
excellent working phone, no problems at all. perfect in every way :-)
perfect
ok
very good
Great phone.. Works in Barbados with Digicel and LIME providers. Still learning all the features but the transition away from Blackberry is totally worth it
good
so nice
After a year. I still love it.
Yes
No issues so far, phone speed is great with downloads and uploads, had it for about 2 months now, shipping was fast!
it works well...
Item as described. Great value. Fast shipment
When it came is brand new as expected. Everything match the description.
I LOVE MY PHONE IT WORKS SO GOOD THE ONLY THING I AM STILL LEARNING TO USE SOME OF THE FEATURES IN THE PHONE.
It's a very good product and works properly. I'm happy with the purchase.
Great phone and had expandable memory unlike the s6
Top condition!!!
This device is extremely resourceful and user friendly. I have no regrets whatsoever.
The item meets its intended purpose.
great product
Useful, seller was really helpful and responsive. Will buy again
awesome phone and seller. works everywhere. powerful phone.
fantastic
After almost one week I found out the box was left in another building. I'm not happy with delivery but the phone works great.
I am enjoying my phone
Nice phone.
excelente
Very nice phone, everything great, accessories great. Just one problem with the back cover it doesn't close and seal the phone well. So for a phone with IP certification this is mandatory, but maybe mine have a fabric defect.
As discribed excellent product AAA++++
How you doing dudes? just wanted to quickly share, got my phone, in less than 10 minutes I synched, email, contacts, calendar and heck it works really well here in México, so you know, most of the carriers in México are GSM, cool stuff, came in a box with all the safety stickers, great phone, perfect size... for the size of my hand I think
Met expectations
All good thank you
Just Perfect.
Good Product. Although i bought used (like new product) but you really cannot differentiate between a brand new phone and this phone. a little issue with the charging pin lock. otherwise its a good product.
Excelent
Fantástico
excellent
its ok
I liked
excellent, as is the description. Works perfectly.
Didn't want to sign a contract with a major phone company, plus I wanted sometime by the very next day, cause my S2 finally decided to hit the dust and flat out stopped turning on. I didn't want to spend over $400 either. I was happy with my S2 and didn't need anything super fancy so i went with the S5. I've been very happy with it since i got it. (been about 6 months now) It was easy to switch over to Consumer cellular as an unlocked phone. My only complaint is sometimes (very rarely) it shuts off..... It can be due to it maybe having to much running in the background and i forgetting to close aps that are running. its done this about 4 times since I've had it which isn't bad i think. other than that its been working great.
Works as intended
Excelente
Product arrived quickly and exactly as described.Great and very trusted seller.
Great product, great experience.
Excelente
Box was closed but you can tell it was not unopened straight from the factory. That being said the phone was brand new, in all original cellophane packaging, no scratches etc etc. Unlocked new galaxy5 - where else are you gong to find one for this price (best buy charges $799 or so last time I checked). Highly recommend! Would purchase from them again. (oh, and the phone is awesome, much better than my iphone5, and I am a big apple lover, using my iphone since they first came out).
the phone works great Iput a 128 gb sd card is work like a charm but is a H+ but is really nice phone
Excellent phone.
It worked perfectly in mexico... it doesnt get the 4g lte, just 3g but its a really fast 3g maybe faster than lte...havent had any problem with it...i want to try it under water but im scare to do it... excelent phone... really recomended...
Excellent product
Excellent purchase. Very happy.
The BEST phone I've ever had!
Great I like it
excelente teléfono
This is a really good phone and they are a really good company
Simply...Amaizing...! The best smartphone I ever have. It Works perfect, the quality sound of its earphones incredible and the video quality spectacular...you are enjoy this device.
Amazing phone I can switch to any company and has 4G internet
gret phone I strongly recommend
Very Good!
The phone it self is fantastic, but in the posting add for it I didn't see anything that this one was set up for a foreign country. The charger has the two round prongs, and the device was in Spanish when I first received it. It took me quite a while to find the language setting to get it turned back to English, but once I did I had no more problems. Setting it up with a carrier was really easy and I've got no more complaints.
iv been using the phone for 2 months now and it is a real smg900f
Just what I wanted for about $100 less than std price
its excelent
Exactly what I was expecting. :)the item even arrived earlier than expected.
Excelente producto
Got it today. Can't wait to use it.
I like the phone, or better I love Samsung Galaxy phones but with this one I am having an issue that is really frustrating. It doesn't update apps and it doesn't download apps either unless I do a reboot all the time just to download an app. I have gone to every android forums to find an answer, I have ignored the wireless connection and establish it again, I have restarted my router, I have wiped the cashe partition of the phone, I have changed the IP settings to "Static", I have unchecked the "Smart network switch, but nothing seems to work. I don't know what else to do, maybe I will replace it with a different one, hoping that this problem won't persist!UPDATE,I figured it out. Force stop Google Play, clear the cashe, reboot the phone and then download the apps or update the apps one by one.
Doesn't come with correct charging cable, luckily I have a Samsung Galaxy Pro tab that uses the same charger. Poor move on the manufacturer's part.
Great product, as advertized. I have not fully tested. But so far is working fine. The phone rebooted several times by it self have reset it self. But that is the only problem that I've had so far.
good product
Perfecto!
Excellent, very happy with the two we bought
perfect!!
Not connecting to the Internet sometime. Everything think else works great.
recommended
Great phone , works as expected and takes amazing pictures.note: In Argentina the 4G does not work
It us sticking sometimes.
The Lambo of the smartphones!
Great product. Period.
excelente
great product... only one issue power cord didn't work so got another one .. too bad seller didn't have option to contact easily available ..
PERFECTO
Excellent phone. It didn't get five stars because it doesn't have spanish language. It's safe to buy.
Excelent product it comes very fast to me country I love 5 star u can buy it very sure
Really good
Fantastic phone. It works fine with Movistar, Movilnet and Digitel in Venezuela.
This is a very nice phone with some great features. Just be sure to check the LTE coverage. My best access is only 4G in North Texas, which works fine for me.
Thank you very much, I received excellent product
exelente
works perfectly in Movilnet Venezuela. Great product. but the european charger with the adapter is to big to have it in my pocket.
Excellent
Excelente
YES
very good
like it but doesn't have any sing at the back indicating its as sumsung or galaxy s5 as shown on the page
Very good phone. It can handle all kinds of tasks and it does not lag.
Very good
Excelente producto
Another Samsung, very similar to S4.
Excelente Producto.. 100 % recomendable.
perfecto
Love it! Just what i wanted!
All ok
great
Product was of good quality when I opened the box. A friend is the one actually using it so I can't comment on how well it works
i am using it in Venezuela perfectly.
I'm so glad mith my phone, it owrks with a mexican sim card, it is very fast, the design is good and the delivery was on time :) completely recommendable :P
Very good! Works great!!
The package arrived at a very fast rate and product look awesome but charger was kinda of British charger but no US charger.That's my only beef.
Excellent product!
Bought this phone for my fiance for his birthday and it came in great condition, properly packed and everything works just fine. all the contents were in the box, we are using the phone in the Caribbean (Turks and Caicos islands) and it works just fine,
Excelente
Fast shipping. New product. No damage or blemishes
Whoever had done the factory wipe on this didn't do a good job; luckily the guys at the AT&T store were able to unlock it and get it working for me. Very nice phone - in EXCELLENT shape: no scratches or marks of any kind. Just be careful when buying these factory refurbs - it's common to run into a phone locked by the Samsung account which cannot be overridden (unless the user did a very easy password :).
Came as expected! Perfect condition and the programs are awesome! I had an apple iphone before but switched to Samsung since it's cheaper and easy to use.I live in a very tiny island far away from US, and the phone is working perfectly!Hope this helps.... :)
I love it
excellent product
it's a phone
Phone is great and I love using it
I love it
Love it!
very good
I'm very satisfied with the phone, it works excellent, it's perfect and it was delivered perfectly on time. I ask for it on the 22 of December and it was delivered on 24 just before Christmas, unbelievable!!!!
Perfect.
Great
The Ítem is nice, is OK
Excellent product. I recommend it.
Best phone I've ever had. I'd been a ill apprehensive about leaving the samsung relay because I'm very use to having the slide out Qwerty keyboard...but having just the touchscreen by itself is not as bad as I thought it would be. I would also recommend a spigen phone case for those who don't care for the bulky ones like otter box. I've dropped my phone several times and there's barely a scratch on the case.
Very good. thanks
Excellent
EXCELENTE
Excellent got the product in time and it met all of my expectations.Only did not get manual that's fine it can be down loaded.
Just wat I wanted :)
Great phone, no complaints at all. Everything as good as expected.
love it love it thank you I love you AMAZON
Thanks A++
great cellphone, i can use it in my country and have no problems with it
Excelente
muchas gracias--- excelente todo
Excellent and delivery in promised time
Excellent product!!!
good thanks
trabajando al máximo me encanta
Thr amazing!
excellent
No problems so far..Works in the United Kingdom
EXCELENT PRODUCT.
Exelent
Yes, we were very pleased.
Very Good
This purchase met my expectation and it was just as I had hoped. The delivery was also timely. Then phone is working perfectly in the Caribbean. I fully endorse the supplier.
By far, the best phone in market these days. Totally fulfilled my expectations. Great performance, spectacular screen resolution, very nice to handle
Arrived within a week.Works perfectly in EU (Belgium)Everything functions very well.However; charge it nearly twice a day! (and thats after I have turned down screen brightness/ power saving on etc)Is possible to buy an extension battery, but that is another 90 Dollars.If looking for a solution (and cheaper) phone can recommend LG G2
We bought this phone for our son and he could not be happier. I'm considering buying one for myself now.
It worked perfectly well in Venezuela (Movistar) I just have 3 days with it; maybe later I can tell about the performance. But till now, it works good! It's really nice and I love the design and new features :D
I moved to Norway and needed an unlocked phone. This phone worked with 2 different phone companies in Norway and was Brand new in a box.
I was switching from an S4 to an S5.I have to say I'm very impressed!!Phone meets all my expectations.The camera is incredible.Browsing is fast & it seems to have a better Wi-Fi connection than the S4.I get coverage where the S4 does not.There is a bit of a learning curve finding things that are different than the S4.Getting rid of the Samsung news page just took a simple Google search.Very annoying feature but easily eliminated if you don't like it.
very good. it works welll. but only the battery will run out in 3-4 hours. otherwise is its all good
I live In Ecuador, I just got the phone, inserted the chip and It worked great!!!!!.... very nice phone, love the screen luminosity and colors. Fast and really nice interface.
This phone was received in great condition and worked fine. I immediately even ran checks on the phone to ensure that it was the real deal and not an imitation. Everything works fine. This version G-900H is supplied by Samsung India. Once you purchase anything identified as "Sold by Amazon" the quality can alsways be guaranteed. I will recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new experience.
excellent
The phone itself is fine.I am posting this review only to warn others when buying from a third party vendor.Always check you options.I bought a refurbished phone and it performs OK.
Meets my expectations.
Very happy with this product. I use it with Consumer Cellularand not had any problems.
An excellent phone! The Screen looks great and the sound is also good. Plus, the phone looks very sleek and cool. The battery life is great, it works good in Brazil.
At the age of 65, this is my first smart phone. I'm still trying to figure it out, with a little help from my younger friends. So far, so good.
The shipping time was as expected, The package got to me in good shape. The phone I received appeared to be what I ordered. We charged it up and got it going; no surprises. I call that a WIN and a good experience. Thank-you.
Much nicer than my s3 mini. Works perfectly on ATT.
I love my new phone!!!! It was everything that was posted. I am in America and it defaults to Britain but I can't complain because I got such a good deal with the phone. It also came with the American adapter, so this phone is great, and couldn't have asked for a better deal.
very good the cell phone specifications, but de battery of de phone is very very bad...
Excelent.! ! ! successful transaction
Excellent
Gelrea
EXCELLENT!!!
excelente
GREAT PHONE
I congratulate the excellent phone provider for providing high quality products
Everything is excellent except for the battery
Great new phone! Arrived on time and it works on Tracfone. All minutes,data and text transferred easily. Consumer reports gave it the highest rating and best value buy.
I am very happy with my phone. Much better than paying 600 for a new s6.
Thanks for your quick response and I am happy with the product
Love it. . it does exactly what I need.
This was a great gift.
Good Product , is better than the quad core versionFor Tigo works Fine
Excellent
Very happy with my new Samsung!!
My seller experience and packaging were just fine. Product arrived on time, box was sealed properly, and I did receive the G-900H.My slight annoyance is the convoluted labeling scheme for all of these models. I tried looking around before purchase, and found several sites with model number specifications, but they contradicted one another. I even looked through Samsung documentation, and there were several regional variants for the G-900F, from Europe to Asia, none of which details I was finding listed on Amazon.The G-900H model I received said it was for the Americas, meaning North or South. I registered at an AT&T store, they changed my number over, SIM card works fine, the phone has been great. Except there's no LTE or 4G features, which I don't mind too much. I'm currently in Mobile, AL, coverage for all carriers seems to be hit or miss depending on where people are, but I am in confirmed 4G/LTE/whatever marketing crap higher-than-3G-newest-thing coverage area. My phone doesn't go above H+ (which is HSPA+ for all you non-technical people out there. Coincidentally, knowing that also means nothing to you, like most of the planet.)So why would Samsung make a product in 2014 without the ability to have 4G capabilities? No idea. Probably the same reason they don't feel like having, or following, basic and simple standard labeling system for people to know what their phone is capable of.In general, the phone is working great. The real test will be in a year, after a couple of updates, to see if it bogs down to a painful pitiful joke like my Note II did. If you want a more detailed review you can simply start to type S5 into Google and be flooded with reviews, specifications, and comparisons. I know it was worth the upgrade from the Galaxy Note II for me.
For a Samsung fan boy!! I consider this to be a practical and fabulous top phone!Just one thing... the plugin interface for the lighting was not appropiate to US, it came with an Europe connector. Otherwise I would have rate it with 5 stars.
I ordered the phone Friday April 11th before lunch time, and selected one day shipping. I then called the seller to confirm they had it in stock and it would be going out. They told me shipping cut off for the day was 5pm (plenty of time) and they were just waiting on Amazon to send them my order details to their computer system.The phone did not arrive until Wednesday April 16th. I am disappointed it took 5 days when i paid for one day shipping.Second issue was when i opened the package they sent me the SM-G900F model. As you can see they clearly state more than once in the item description they are selling the SM-G900H version. After researching the difference it looks like the G900F is supposed to have LTE bands 800/850/900/1800/2100/2600 MHz which the G900H does not have. However when i put my T-Mobile SIM in, i can not get LTE, I only get HSPA+.Third issue is the manufactures seal on the box was broken, the box had been opened. All of the accessories appear to be accounted for. The clear plastic static shields where still attached to the screen and back of the phone. However when i turned the phone on someone had already went through the setup screens. You know when you first turn on a new phone it ask you your language, owners name, basic setup questions, etc, before getting to the home screen. So i went into the settings and did a factory reset.Other then that the phone seems to be working fine, minus not being able to get LTE with T-Mobile.
this is a very good devise, that as all new phone in the market, gives new features to all of us.
Very good
Excelente producto
Excelente Producto.. 100 % recomendable.
perfecto
Love it! Just what i wanted!
All ok
great
Product was of good quality when I opened the box. A friend is the one actually using it so I can't comment on how well it works
i am using it in Venezuela perfectly.
bought for a friend overseas and he loves it!
Excellent
exelente
Everythin fine
Got the phone in 2 days! Loving it!!!
Excelente producto...
phone was exactly what it said. Got it fast no problems setting it up with my provider. Thanks Oh and it was worth the money I paid for it! Best price no place else had the phone cheaper!
Good
goodd
Good rapid and serious
excellent product
it's a phone
Phone is great and I love using it
I love it
Love it!
very good
Perfect.
Great
I'm so glad mith my phone, it owrks with a mexican sim card, it is very fast, the design is good and the delivery was on time :) completely recommendable :P
Very good! Works great!!
The package arrived at a very fast rate and product look awesome but charger was kinda of British charger but no US charger.That's my only beef.
Excellent product!
Bought this phone for my fiance for his birthday and it came in great condition, properly packed and everything works just fine. all the contents were in the box, we are using the phone in the Caribbean (Turks and Caicos islands) and it works just fine,
Excelente
Fast shipping. New product. No damage or blemishes
Whoever had done the factory wipe on this didn't do a good job; luckily the guys at the AT&T store were able to unlock it and get it working for me. Very nice phone - in EXCELLENT shape: no scratches or marks of any kind. Just be careful when buying these factory refurbs - it's common to run into a phone locked by the Samsung account which cannot be overridden (unless the user did a very easy password :).
Came as expected! Perfect condition and the programs are awesome! I had an apple iphone before but switched to Samsung since it's cheaper and easy to use.I live in a very tiny island far away from US, and the phone is working perfectly!Hope this helps.... :)
I love it
excellent product, 100% recommended ... very happy with Amazon
Great phone. I do everything I need to with a great camera as well.
nice and very responsible
Excellent, I recommend it 100%
Great!* Comes brand-new, and unlocked.* Worked in Europe as advertised.
Last about 2 months and cracks eecomend buy extra
The options are endless, gives you trueflexibly
Great phone, my girlfriend loves It!!
Great phone and is unlocked- worked in the UK
Great and fast
Awesome phone, was delivered safely and on time. Just love this phone :)
In excellent condition
Phone is fantastic. Better that jumping into the Galaxy S6 or S6 Edge(+) all the features you need and less the expensive models sell points that you don't need.
Great phone with fantastic battery. Have not tripped the water sensor as has happened with other phones due to sweaty florida pockets. Very pleased.
love it!!
Very good
Nice phone....
works as expected
Excellent, fast, lightweight, has a good battery life, excellent camera, and the screen quality is awesome.
The best contemporary phone at this moment
excellent
Great phone better then my old Iphone
great
The Samsung Galaxy S 5 surpassed my expectations just love the features.
good
Excellent!
Came a little later than I expected, also it was in Arabic
Wonderful phone, I don't care about the plastic finish, anyway everybody uses some sort of case. My only complaint, a little big, IMO the S4's size is as big as a phone should get.
Could not be more impressed with a smartphone. Love the size, graphics, processor speed and it just exceeded my expectations.
After almost 3 year using galaxy ace, I decided to buy this phone from Samsung. Shipping was very fast. Phone is perfect, I am very happy. It works in Russia and Kazakhstan!
Excellent
Excellent
Excelent
Was excellent.
The phone is very nice but it isn't 4G which is a bit disappointing. At least it didn't connect to AT&T's 4G network when I tried it.
Excellent physical condition and works as it should
good device. as expected.
Good
I'm glad I switched back to Android from Blackberry. Needed a change of phone. Camera isnt bad but definitely expected more MP. Otherwise the phone's great.
Nice!!
Hjsjzj
Love it.
So far works great
PERFECT , BRAND NEW , UNLOCKED , EVERYTHING INCLUDED ..
Very nice product although it came with UK conection Without adapter for American plug point.
Works perfect. Thanks
The instrument is good, only the USB 3 cable was not provided instead USB 2 was delivered. One can use either USB2/3 for charging Galaxy S5.
Yes, is fantastic
no problem
Awesome
Excelente
Love this phone, very easy to use an, set up. Wish I had purchased it sooner. Didn't have any problem getting a provider for services. Love technology.
It is an excellent Smart Phone, much much better then I phones except the battery consumption is very high. inspite if that I think one should own this n enjoy the colorful display of each browse.Regards to the family if Samsung Galaxy,Mahendra N Jogani
Excellent Phone.Excellent Packaging.On-time delivery.Everything on the phone works as advertised so far. (ultra power saving mode is incredible!)Slight Overheating when excessively used.I bought the phone to use on the Straight Talk network. (unlimited talk, text & data for $45/mon). The APN data settings were a bit tedious to get from customer service so I found them online.Name: straight talkAPN: tfdataProxy: Not SetPort: Not SetUsername: Not SetPassword: Not SetServer: Not SetMMSC: http://mms-tf.netMMS Proxy: mms3.tracfone.comMMS Port: 80Some have tweaked the following as well:MCC: 310MNC:410Auth Type: PAPAPN type: default,supl,mms,hipriIPv4IPv4Bearer:uspecifiedMVNO type: NoneWorks well on Staight Talk AT&T sim card even got 4G speeds in Urban areas. Mostly H+ otherwise. However there were times when in more rural areas I had no service! So their coverage is not perfect but it is pretty decent overall.
i love it ......... it is great ....
Was very excellent
This phone is absolutely fantastic! Great for android photographers, great for android gamers, android filming... Anything that you can do on android, you can do on this plus more!
Its a good buy
Good
The phone is great!! One issue is the charger comes with a plug that will need an adapter to fit in USA sockets. However because I have other Samsung products I just used the plug end from those so this was not an issue for me. Otherwise the phone is great will all types of features!!
Excelent product!
I hope samsumg galaxy 6 but it's 5 very nice Phone the market is good
Love it too much
I am very, very pleased with the phone. Brand new in case as specified. Phone is GSM and/or CDMA factory unlocked. Arrival was a little longer for Prime, six days (not work) but was anxious to get it. There are a couple of features I did not want on the phone and "Googled it" how to remove. Was very easy to remove, for example, "My Magazine" page. Samsung has some awesome features as well. Over all the phone is an excellent piece of work. Take time to learn it because you can do a lot more than you think. The only draw back and its a matter of realizing how fast the phone is, when hitting back delete, do it a step at a time because a whole sentence can disappear quickly.
Excelente
I like it. The only thing that is slightly annoying is the speaker on the back.
The best phone I ever own. Still loving it after a year.
Everything perfect!
I love the look and feel of the phone. The front camera is splendid. The selfie camera shows a lot of detail as long as there's good lighting. The phone comes with a number of unique features most of which can be turned on or off so you can have a customized experience with the phone.My main complaint with this phone is the battery :/. If you're a heavy user (like me) you should always carry a charger with you and invest in a spare. The phone is prone to overheating when charging which is kinda scary. So do not do a lot of demanding tasks while it is charging and let it charge on a hard surface (cloth will make it heat up). Ever since the Android 5.0 update came out (which I have yet to download), the update notification refuses to go away and I'm not sure if that is what is effecting my battery life because when I bought the phone the battery life was decent.I really do love my S5, it has a lot of exclusive useful features and add-ons. It does have it's issues every now and then but I overall am liking my purchase.OVERVIEW:Biggest Pro: Camera(s), Exclusive add-ons and featuresBiggest Cons: Battery, Periodic Goofs
Phone arrived on time well packaged and it works good no complants from me
this cellphone is good, it seems like a new cellphone. I love it... it just a problem with the data mobile.
fine
Works fast, large screen, supports all sorts of applications, excellent camera - worked here in Turkey with Turkcell without any problems.
thanks it with my husbend for a few months and its great but the charger not for USa .
EXCELENT
i love excellent article
Very impressed with my new phone. It was shipped quickly and I received it within a few days time. Highly recommended!
Perfect. Everithing as expected
Great.
The phone arrived on time and was packaged well.The phone came with power adapter plugs which are not US spec complaint. This matter was not mentioned anywhere in the ordering information. So I had to use a non-Samsung, black colored power adapter. Except for this fact, I would have given a 5 star rating.
My husband recommended to me this mobile phone, he have the same model so I purchased this Samsung Galaxy S 5.I can only say this is high quality product!!!!
It's was really made for the African countries but is it can also be used in Jamaica, America if it international unlocked it's I but heavier than G900F this made to work on any international mobile network if unlock. G900F is able to us the LTE service if that's what your aiming for
A nice small version of the larger Samsung galaxy.
Excellent product!
all good
Excelent, thank you for everything.
Got it as an anniversay gift and he absoultely loves that he could use it in the shower. Go figure
very good
When I received these phones I was afraid because I specifically ordered them unlocked/international since my husband and I are living outside of the US currently and the boxes clearly stated on them "For use with American SIM cards only". Luckily, they were indeed unlocked and my husband and I have had no problem at all using them with an Italian Vodafone SIM.Love this phone! I'm so glad we upgraded from the iPhone 4 and switched to a Samsung/Android. Both of us also have Samsung tablets and it is seamless going between the tablet and the phone. Love the upgradable memory as well, you certainly don't get that with the iPhone unless you pay outrageous amounts for more storage. As PC users, it is also incredibly easy to just drag and drop music, photos, movies, etc to the phone without going through iTunes. Awesome! Highly recommend!
Excellent!
Very happy
Excelente n
Excellent item, convenient and portable size and the screen is very sharp. It didn't present difficulties due to the upgrade from the previous Galaxy S2 to this S5.
Awesome phone, everything perfect till now!
Great phone. Thank you
The product was ok and arrives on time. Thank you.
it is all and more what i wanted......thank you so much
received the phone extremely fast and in excelent working condition...
First time ever purchasing a used product and I will have to say it looks brand new! Right out of the packaging I did not see any scratches nor smudges and ontop of that I got the phone a day in advance so I am beyond excited to use it as soon as it becomes fully charged.
very good.
AWESOME
The best one
Get root, or brick trying.
This phone is wonderful. Love it.
Excelent purchase. As expected.
exelente
I gave it a 4 because I wasn't given a charger and they didn't tell me before hand.
Excelente.
LOVE my new phone. A bit expensive but will save me money in the long run.
por ahora super bien
Excellent
excellent
everything was there in time as promised !!!
Excelent mobile. Recomended
Thank you, is a excelente phone.
EXCELENTEEEEEEE...
excelente...
It was perfic and most of all it was on time
👍🏽
excellent
The best phone I ever have owned!!!
How much
Excellent
Excelente
Met my espectations
You just can't be wrong with a device like this. Had the S3 and now this one both bought in Amazon. Impressive phone!
awesome!
excelente
Works 100% as advertised. 5 stars
TODO BIEN
Excellent performance and style
Recommended
Gracias
Excelente producto
Works great, was a little dinged up but I bought it used. Was to be expected. The phone works flawlessly though.
excellent purchase, recommended seller
Truly international phone!! Works in India, South Korea (Seoul), and Hawaii (USA).Truly unlocked as well. I put my Vodafone SIM in this phone and it worked. The Vodafone SIM worked in India, S. Korea, and America. Next, I put in a T-Mobile SIM and that also worked equally well.The phone charger supports universal voltage (and cycles). The phone also shipped with an adapter that allows charging the phone in countries like USA where there are flat pin sockets as opposed to round pin sockets.The pictures are really sharp even when zoomed in at max!Note however, that you cannot mute the camera shutter sound (the camera click sound). The work around for this is to mute the phone before taking pictures. Else all seems to be ok. However, I've not yet gone through all the features yet.All in all, I'd say it was well worth the money. I'm very pleased!!
Excellent fast and safe equipment are brand new and unlocked
Great phone
Good for Venezuela
Fantastic. Just the right phone to go for.
The best smarphone ever !!!!
Excelent...
in love with my phone!
Extremely fast shipping-amazing phone, don't believe any of the people that have negatives a out this phone there is nothing you will not like about this phone, recommend for everyone!!!!
I am happy with it!!!! I had one already and it was stolen so I was desperate to get another one!!!!
Good Fone - Processor a bit slow at times !!!
excelente
Excellent smartphone and great customer service from Amazon! Thanks!
Everything is excelente thanks so much
excelente.
Very well
This worked with my T-Mobile SIM and a 128G micro memory chip right out of the box. Then coordinated with my Android tablet.Great phone that I can use almost anywhere in the world.
Product far exceeded my expectation!! Product came in way before delivery date. Thanks for the free s-view flip cover in addition to the 2 free screen film covers. Hopefully this phone will work out great!!!!! Will definitely recommend this seller.
Excelent
Good
came in a sealed box with all the original accessories and its factory unlocked which can be used anywhere in the world.
Fine fine perfecto
Great.
Excellent
great phone
definitely is the best in the market
Good seller A++
It's a good choice.
It's fast an alsome.. what a great gift.
Amazing
Excelente
Just to say...buy and use it. You will just love it.. :)
good device
Great love it works like a champion
Great smartphone
Great product. My husband loved it!
Works great and I love the apps and interface. Battery is holding up pretty well too!
fine
i love it
Well done.
Work's Perfect. Thanks.
Excelente
it worked in Turkey..I appreciate that..
This phone is Good... :) 5 froze
The galaxy S5 has met all my expectations. Some disappointment with the T-Mobile coverage.
Very good
Great seller. I love the phone... It works great
Great phone, fast both in performance and in networking. Streams TV via it's cellular connection (T-Mobile) at 15 Mbs, which is plenty for watching Hockey live in HD. Performance is 5 starts all around!So, why not 5 stars? For me this is a little large. Others will probably laugh when they read this but, I used to have a Galaxy S2, and I felt like the size of that was just right. I feel like the decision that the cellular makers have made that the newer the device the bigger the screen is the wrong choice. My S2 fit comfortably in my shirt pocket, the S5 sticks out the top.
excelente
I LOVE IT
Amazing phone. Wasn't fully packaged upon arrival but runs perfectly.
Came on time &works well.
Everything as promised. There was an issue though. The wall charger that came with the phone, I believe it was an European version, I had to purchased an adapter. Other than that, can't complain!
Great phone.
I love my galaxy s5
The best phone.....
Quite satisfied.
It's an international unlocked works everywhere in the world you can get prepaid contracts in US, it's awesome
excellent product
Excelente teléfono.
Fantastic.!! Very easy to use and has an excellent camera. I've never used before the camera of my phones because photos were of very poor quality, it's different now. The release device with fingerprint is great and S. Health that measures easily heart pulses and the daily physical activity is very good option to stay healthy.
Great phone. Great shiping.
As good as expected
Perfect! Love me New Phone it Woks perfectly here in Venezuela.
Everything ok, product and delivery
Met all my expectations.The phone is user friendly to even the less tech savvy. Has a wonderful interphase of the front and back camera. This has been particularly useful when taking "selfies" and showing who was taking sceneries and videos.The battery life is not too long if you have all applications on, but fortunately it has simple ways you can shut these off!
Awesome phone. I totally recommend it!
very nice phone. still getting used to it. no complaints yet
The phone works beautifully. It is the octa core version. ie. dual quad cores. Brand new.Fast shipment. No Problems. Thank you
Great phone, great graphics. Hopefully, once I start using it with the gear 2watch I'll be able to have a better opinion
Thank you..
Its ok now
Great!
all elements of this purchase were as described, and the device works as new. Any critique would be that it would have been helpful if the shipper had indicated that a signature would be required, but I guess that should be expected. Overall very good transaction
It's ight yurp
Very good international phonethank you
Works perfectly
good product, works very well in Venezuela, excellent seller, responsible, highly recommend
Good. ..
excelente
Excelente
excelente
The cellphone is ok...
Good
Excelent
Excellent product!
Big, bold screen and terrific android platform. A significant step up from an iPhone 5! Very happy with the phone in every aspect. The camera is better than my very good digital SLR, the number of apps is amazing, and the android software is smooth and seemless!
Great phone
The greatest phone I have bought ever. It is the best option for a phone.
Perfect
good product
Perfect!
was just what I wanted and I have not had any problems with the phone.
good just like galaxy s5 should be. only thing is- i cant find by the settings a option of 4G LTE. but besides of that its very good!
Awesome product! Fantastic seller!
I love this phone. It's very slick and easy to use. I cannot complain. Love it!
Excellent
Amazing
great
Great product you should buy it
Excelent
So far it's pergormance is great....still measuring the battery life...
So far I am really enjoying this phone. It's still a learning process (my first real smartphone) but it seems to be wonderful. I still have so much to learn about it's capacity - but I do enjoy having it with me to pull up info on products in stores and online. The picture is great and it takes excellent photos. I wanted to wait awhile longer and post this review after I had owned it longer and began using it more. So far it's great. I will update further along. I don't know why anyone would ever hesitate to buy this phone. I had ordered a slightly used version 1st - but I had to return it (it wasn't unlocked to the internet). Cell service is so expensive if you buy the phone along with their service. Buying an unlocked version of the smartphone you want is a much better way to go (if you can afford it.) I am very pleased with this one.
Random reboot. Appears refurbished rather than new. Other than that, 100% Amazinnnng
On time shipping. Nice product!
it was ok! Thanks!
Awesome phone. Fast and understandable. Great, user-friendly interface.
Just perfect, as good as described.
Bought this as a gift for the wife. Works ok but it gets so damn hot. Need to buy a protective case so you can still hold the phone. I hope Samsung comes up with firmware to cool it down.
I was a good deal. Happy with it
It is great, all features are as advertised, would not change for any other make or model. Memduh
Love this phone, it does everything very fast!!
This is a great price for a good product. I love my phone! It came earlier then expected, The only real probably was that it don't come with the right kind of wall plug in lucky I have a few. Also the phone runs kinda hot. I hear its normal for the S5 but does take some getting used too. Otherwise great product buying another here soon!
Got it on time and so far it is working good
Perfect
I just love it. Thank you amazon
This is a great phone. I got it as a gift for my husband, and he is totally enjoying all it's apps and such. Sturdy.
Very good, and easy to use.
I'm so in love with this phone.......... exceeded all my expectations.
My 1st GalaxyS5 Intl Unlocked phone went black screen, hated to return it, no response to power button or button on face.I still like the camera, the Gorilla Glass and the only way to go for power is to get a larger battery like the 8.5 Amp Hourbattery with case that I got here from Zero Lemon for $70.It's a smart phone that uses more power, so get more battery, you don't regret it afterwards.I can go a week or more light use, or 3 days heavy use on 1 charge, this is = to 3 batteries.Extra extra aux storage is great, set your phone to ans calls using the main button the face, works if swiping does not work.Wifi i/o between phones works good. Watched an old sci-fi movie I loaded, nice. You don't want to watch movs with the stockbattery, runs down to quick. With big battery you don't have to be stuck to the wall charger. The rubber boot case makes holding thephone easy, not so slippery. Protects the camera a little better and keeps it in your pocket better too.I bought Zero Lemon 8.5 AH battery with it's case, an aux mem chip, and the unlocked international black Samsung Gal S5.With unlocked, I use T-Mobile 1500 min talk,text,30meg data for just $33 month tax included. They said they discontinued theprepaid 1500 min plan while I was on the road with unlimited so when I wanted to switch back they balked but let me have it soI paid up $300 for 10 months svc.I enjoy the phone for use of the camera ( my fav camera also have a prof Canon, don't carry it anymore ), rec sound for notes, phone calls, calculator, texting.Hey you can text hands free, talk and it types reasonably accurately say 95% accurate, just have to fix some errors. This feat. works better than speech to text program called Dragon Speak. DS was a total flop and a waste of $400 some years ago that crappy dongle device, slow error prone performance.I am looking into how to use Gal S5 for speech to txt, was told that you cannot save a text only in the draft hopper, but from there this means you could send the speech-txt draft to your email or another device and edit. I send texts that can be 5 times longer with real words instead of phone shorthand geek-speek!No more txt geek-speek, just talk and it types your text. I am looking for what else I can do with this phone, infrared i/o, wifi, ....Good mobile tool finds phone # quickly on the go. No waiting like on a Nokia. One case of phone blackout but I am hoping this 2nd one holds up for 5 - 6 yrs. What else can it do?
Perfect
Wow, amazing product, delivery very prompt
very good
flawless
I was kind of worried about the charger, everybody was saying that it was an European charger and they are right, but it does bring an adapter. The cellphone works excellent!!
Excellent phone!! The screen resolution is awesome and it's incredibly fast doing tasks! I recomend it to everyone!!
EXCELLENT
Nice phone. Relatively user friendly. I will test it further when I travel
excellent
NO issues or problems
The battery goes down easily, less than 10 hours.
It works in Guatemala
great
good phone, works as expected and aftercare was great
Its ok now
Great phone, good price. Just what I was looking for.
Excellent experience, I was so happy with this!
Hey
Excellent.!!!
It's a good product
excellent
The phone is perfect and was delivered a week early
love it!
Great and fast
Thank You so Much for My Samsung Galaxy s5,Blessings...
aaa
got it faster than promised, using it now and couldn't be happier, thanks!
Very good article and very responsible
100% recommended seller width of Latin America and very good product
Excelent phone, I recomend everyone to use it.
I love it!
Delivered fast...it was what I expected
excelent!
It was great, it works perfectly, and the service did what they promised. it doesn't work with Verizon though, but it works perfectly with AT&T and T-Mobile
Very good battery life
Satisfied.. good one
excelente
I bought this phone like a month ago and it works perfectly in Venezuela. I've been using it for a while and I absolutely love it. The only little detail is that it comes with a charger that's allegedly for Europe's use and not for Latin America but it's not even a problem cause it comes with an adapter which also works perfectly. Totally recommended.
Works as advertised
excellent
Perfect recommended
Muy bueno
excellent phone. all ok
My 1st GalaxyS5 Intl Unlocked phone went black screen, hated to return it, no response to power button or button on face.I still like the camera, the Gorilla Glass and the only way to go for power is to get a larger battery like the 8.5 Amp Hourbattery with case that I got here from Zero Lemon for $70.It's a smart phone that uses more power, so get more battery, you don't regret it afterwards.I can go a week or more light use, or 3 days heavy use on 1 charge, this is = to 3 batteries.Extra extra aux storage is great, set your phone to ans calls using the main button the face, works if swiping does not work.Wifi i/o between phones works good. Watched an old sci-fi movie I loaded, nice. You don't want to watch movs with the stockbattery, runs down to quick. With big battery you don't have to be stuck to the wall charger. The rubber boot case makes holding thephone easy, not so slippery. Protects the camera a little better and keeps it in your pocket better too.I bought Zero Lemon 8.5 AH battery with it's case, an aux mem chip, and the unlocked international black Samsung Gal S5.With unlocked, I use T-Mobile 1500 min talk,text,30meg data for just $33 month tax included. They said they discontinued theprepaid 1500 min plan while I was on the road with unlimited so when I wanted to switch back they balked but let me have it soI paid up $300 for 10 months svc.I enjoy the phone for use of the camera ( my fav camera also have a prof Canon, don't carry it anymore ), rec sound for notes, phone calls, calculator, texting.Hey you can text hands free, talk and it types reasonably accurately say 95% accurate, just have to fix some errors. This feat. works better than speech to text program called Dragon Speak. DS was a total flop and a waste of $400 some years ago that crappy dongle device, slow error prone performance.I am looking into how to use Gal S5 for speech to txt, was told that you cannot save a text only in the draft hopper, but from there this means you could send the speech-txt draft to your email or another device and edit. I send texts that can be 5 times longer with real words instead of phone shorthand geek-speek!No more txt geek-speek, just talk and it types your text. I am looking for what else I can do with this phone, infrared i/o, wifi, ....Good mobile tool finds phone # quickly on the go. No waiting like on a Nokia. One case of phone blackout but I am hoping this 2nd one holds up for 5 - 6 yrs. What else can it do?
Superb
it does what it said it would do
RAS
This phone is amazing. I had the Galaxy S3 before from Verizon which was also a good phone. Got it from Verizon and used it for 2 years, no actual complains. The Galaxy S5 though is even better. Gotta love the Full-HD resoultion, the 5.1" screen and the cool features like built-in pedometer, heart-rate monitor, etc. It runs smoothly on the new Android OS 4.4.6 (KitKat), and the camera is amazing! I literally had people using their lousy iPhones looking at my camera saying "Whoaa that looks great! what kind of phone is that?" because of the great quality of the camera. Front camera is good as well. The gestures features would take a few days to get used to, but this is nothing. Samsung did change the port of the phone so it can work on USB 3.0 now, but you can still use any standard Micro-USB cable to charge/transfer data to it (I would recommend using the proprietary cable, since it would charge and transfer way faster than 2.0). As usual, you can expand the storage capacity by inserting a Micro-SD card. Oh and did I mention this phone is waterproof?? my friend literally threw my phone to a pool. The phone actually drowned and after a few seconds it was recovered from the bottom of the pool ABSOLUTELY NOTHING HAPPENED TO THE PHONE! I mean, it's even responsive under water (not that effective, since the touch interface isn't meant to function under water) but this phone is really waterproof as it comes (no need for a lifeproof fancy case). How can you beat that?I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a smartphone!
All I can say is that I am sutisvied with this phone, the features of this phone are the same as described, Galaxy s5 meet my expectations. The shipment was on time, only I didn't like where the postman left it, because it is very expensive product.
I got my product on time and in great working condition, all the features are working as expected (for now) and all in all I am well pleased with my product, I got exactly what I ordered as far as I can tell.
Great phone and great firm to deal with.
I love this phone. It's very slick and easy to use. I cannot complain. Love it!
Excelente Smartphone
Excelente!
excelent product
Everything OK
This phone is awesome
No problem encountered from payment up to its delivery in my place.
Genial super rápido el envío y todo perfecto
Super Fast service and delivery. Excellent phone. Easier to operate than S4.
SUPER GENIAL
This smartphone is truly fantastic. It does require some binary intuition on your part. So take some time to go trough the settings and you tube tutelage. Ounce you learn the settings this system becomes indispensable. The settings give you better control over previous models, especially the ultra low power setting. This setting is useful when you're not using the apps and you're stuck in the middle of no where and battery power is a premium. The camera is excellent with settings some what similar to a DSL camera, so you need to take some time to learn them. The Google search has about an 85-90% accuracy. Most of the apps seem to work much better than in previous models. The sound quality of this phone is quite crisp.
Awesome!!!
Fast shipping.excellent product
excelente celular. 100% recomendado.
Excellent thank you so much for the service
Very good product.
I love it
THEEE BEST
Good
Holy Crap love this phone
Great deal!!!
Works great for my daughter in college! Samsung is a great product.
HONESTLY, NEVER HAD A BETTER PHONE. BETTER THAN THE IPHONE. THIS PHONE HAS EVERYTHING! ITS FAST WHEN BROWSING THE INTERNET AND EVERYTHING ELSE. LOTS OF APPS TO CHOOSE FROM. ITS THE MOST UPDATED PHONE OUT RIGHT NOW. I LOVE THE FACT THAT IT IS DUST AND WATER RESISTANT.
This phone works excellently no problems can take a drop great device. samsung has done a superb job on this phone
I was interested in the purchase of the Samsung Galaxy s5. I figured Amazon would be a good place to look. I searched for the ideal phone at the ideal price and was concerned with who might be the best to make the purchase with. I carefully looked over the reviews, ratings and comments made for the various suppliers. I felt very comfortable with the selection I made. I am very happy that the product appear to be as advertized. It arrived in the timeframe (sooner than) expected. The phone was well protected during shipment and arrived in an inner product box, wrapped in a water safe envelope, all inside a shipping cardboard box clearly labeled. In short, I am completely satisfied with my purchase, which is a gift to someone very special to me. The receipent of the gift was surprised and more than happy with it. For that, I say it was the Smart Choice!
its just the best phone i ever had. the speed is incredible, the photos are perfect, and all the gadged it has are really nice
Great, good cell I am happy with this thanksI would prefer smaller one but it is very nice thanks
Truly a great phone.
Excellent Phone.
Goooood!
Excelent!
Everything ok!!
Great product
Great phone
Excellent product, it is fast smartphone, reliable and strong.
wysiwyg. work in Brazil
fine
Finally got it! awesome! thanks!
perfect
Phone is excellent!
Very nice gadget excellent
Thanks.
Good item, but I received African version of it which affects the bandwith
So far works great
Everything was ok. :)
lovely phone working perfectly
love my new phone, great price!!
Work great with no issues
nice, is a excelent product!, yor desing, stile and quality is recomended!
ok
Received unlocked Verizon phone that was easy to setup with prepaid T-Mobile SIM. Everything worked except T-Mobile WIFI calling which requires T-Mobile version of the phone. I needed this feature so had to return it. Too bad, I really liked the phone!
This phone came pretty much brand new. I am very pleased with the price and product. No complaints!
Very good on time.
excellent its my cellphone to used
This is the 3rd Samsung GS5 that my family owns. It is a great phone. Get the Samsung charging back before they disappear entirely, so you don't have to mess around with the ill-designed access port plug. This likely wasn't the cheapest deal, but it is a genuine GS5, used the "Genuine Samsung" app to verify. It is too bad that Samsung has seen fit to discontinue this model in favor of the near-tablet size GS6....oh well, that's corporate politics. This international unlocked new phone arrived in a sealed Samsung GS5 box in pristine condition, in good order. Be sure to pick up a micro-SIM card kit at Amazon (best price) if you need it (we got a T-mobile kit). It was a breeze to get the micro-SIM card programmed, charge the phone, and off you go. Amazon also has the best selection of micro-SD cards, picked up a 128GB Sandisk for this phone. If you do get the Samsung charging back, be sure to consider getting the TUDIA case, it is the best of the options (it fits). This phone can be slippery in your hands.The only thing I wonder about is how the likely upgrade to Android Marshmallow 6.0 will happen with this international version. Time will tell. I am quite satisfied with this purchase from Amazon Marketplace vendor, Wireless Everything.
Unlocked and works as advertised. My unit came with a European charging block, which is useless in the States, but who doesn't have 10 or so of those lying around. It also did not come with the dual charge/data cable. Again not a deal breaker. The camera application is not as good as the US phone I had previously either. My 1st S5 had about 10 different camera modes, making the phones pics comparable to some friends big money digital cameras. This phone has normal, best face and panorama. The other 2 modes are useless. Those are the reasons for 4 instead of 5 stars.
A very good phone and camera. It has enough storage space for high quality apps, music, and pictures if you regularly upload to the cloud. I wish the speakers were better quality but for the price and specs this is an excellent buy. Still a relevant phone in December 2015
Excellent equip
she loves the phone
the best phone on the market (2014)
Excellent phone. Works fine, never runs out of memory nor lags.
In time -- no problems. Thanks!
This is durable, powerful and reliable phone. I got more than expected from this phone like power-point, word, excel. easy access to school work and programs anywhere you are. I am specifically recommending this phone for all student. I have used this phone for three months, I can boldly tell you to get it.
nice
perfect size
Great phone
Great phone. I do everything I need to with a great camera as well.
nice and very responsible
Excellent, I recommend it 100%
Great!* Comes brand-new, and unlocked.* Worked in Europe as advertised.
Last about 2 months and cracks eecomend buy extra
The options are endless, gives you trueflexibly
Great phone, my girlfriend loves It!!
Great phone and is unlocked- worked in the UK
is very good
perfect phone
Amazing phone; worked great
i love it thanks
excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase
My sis had no problems upon now and can say that it seems to be like a good product.
Just what my husband needed.
Very good phone love it a lot it not a smart phone it a supper smart phone love it
Excellent product!!I am pleased with product, however charger does not work. I called to advise that it did not work and another charge was sent to me. Unfortunately the second one is the wrong size so I have two non working chargers. Please send me the correct charger for Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T 15 GB Black GSM. I will gladly return the two back.
Good
As a family we have bought 4 different S5 phones from this company. We have had zero issues. I would recommend these phones if someone was not looking for the latest and greatest. My wife has a S6, can't replace the battery, can't add more memory. Isn't water resistant. Seems like samsung went the wrong way with the S6. Everything that the S6 doesn't have, the S5 has.11/30/2016 Update: All 4 phones still working like they did out of the box
I was kinda skeptic about buying a phone on here but I took a shot and risked it and I think I'm happy with this phone it work 100%with metro pcs and I don't have to worry about a thing it's perfect I love this phone I had with att and fell in love with it so I wanted to get again and I'm glad I did
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! Its everything I expected and more!!
Product arrived like brand new. Not a single scratch or any signs of use. In fact, it arrived in the original Samsung Galaxy S5 box and was complete with all that would be expected with a new phone. Wrapping, official Samsung cords...I have owned a Samsung Galaxy S5 previously and think it is a perfect phone. Waterproof, quick charging, fairly fast...why pay more?
Worth every penny. Did have to take my phone to Metro PCS and they enabled the IMEI in their system to get service. So it's unlocked definitely works. Bought one then a second a week later for the wife cause it was that good.
Phone was in excellent condition! It looked and worked practically brand new. No damage to the screen or the case itself. The phone also came in the original Samsung box with new accessories. I have not noticed any issues what so ever.
It's a phone that works.
I like'
This phone came in great condition and have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not experienced any problems. It comes packaged as if you were buying a brand new phone from the store so that was fantastic. I am very satisfied with this product.
Thanks! It worked out Great!!!
New conditions, original box, charge and headphones.
Great phone and competitive price.
looks & works like new
I just love my new phone so glad it finally came
It is almost new phone and delivered right on time.I ordered for my son. We are so happy
Nice
Product was exactly as advertised. So far so good. It was like getting a brand new phone. How long it will last, time will tell. But my husband is very happy with the phone.
Very good condition with all accessories and original box included
Great phone, great seller. We bought it "used". The description said "Good" but it was not only good, it was in mint condition. We are very happy with this purchase.
So far it is working perfectly, but all the t mobile stuff is annoying to handle. Also it didn't come with the actual factory box or the manual ,so I'm a little disappointed but the phone works so you get what you pay for.
I like this phone cuz its stylish
Super awesome phone! Fast and crisp!
The device looks and works great !! It a Samsung so setup was easy.
It looked great and worked unless it was for wifi calling, the phone is supposed to have this feature, there was no way to turn it on or off, even tmobile said the phone must be faulty, seller gave me full refund
I bought a new, not a refurbished phone. It did not arrive in original packaging, but it was well and reasonably packaged. The phone easily accepted my SIM card, everything pops up in English,and it appears to be fully functional, It works normally in the US, but is finicky in western Europe - not a lot of bars - though it could be our service, not the phone's problem. We are very happy with this replacement phone.
Works great came early and it is one tough phone.
This was an excellent deal for $200. Phone looked like new, worked fine & the setup was easy. Used my existing sim card & extra memory card & both were recognized & functioned fine. Retained all my settings & contacts with no issues. Also updated the operating system android software from 5.1 lollipop to 6.0 Marshmallow via T-mobile & it worked flawlessly. A simple download & restart & the software was upgraded. I would defintely go this route again & never spend the outrageous sums that the retail stores want for new phones.
Very nice phone. Really had no issues with phone just the carrier. Metro PCS good company, T-Mobil need to improve there service a little better. They still have a few bugs to work out with Their cut over with Metro.
Good
Couldn't be happier with my phone arrived fast and in box with charger like promised no complains here so thank you.
thanks you
Excellente!!!!
Shipping was fast and the phone arrive right on time.When the phone arrived we noticed that the back case had two chips in it. As though it was damaged when the case was opened and then snapped back into place. The phone worked fine and my wife has enjoyed its upgrades in comparison to her S3.
Purchase phone for my granddaughter and she loved it. The only problem I had was the phone was supposed to be unlocked and the phone was actually a tmobile phone. Thankfully my granddaughter has T Mobile so it came out smooth. But I thought a block phone had no carrier involvement.
Phone came within 5 days with case included, along with the original box and samsung charger as well as headphones. BUY BUY BUY!
Arrived in great shape, and at a great price. Included everything as if it were a new package. May I never have to deal with the junk that Apple pushes again.
Thank you so much. Phone is like newEverything works great and looks great
Great..loving every minute of it.
Nice
Great phone! Even though it's refurbished, it works like a dream! Haven't noticed any problems with it whatsoever, and setting it up with T-Mobile was probably one of the most painless experiences I've ever had with a phone company. Definitely worth the price!
It's seems to be working fine.....
I have the tmobile version and it is a very nice phone. Makes me happy.
The phone is amazing. It came with the box, charger, headphones and manual, and it looked brand new. It worked perfectly, and there weren't any sings of wear as far as I could see. We bought the phone for only $220, which is an amazing deal, considering you're getting a practically brand new phone for less than half the price. Overall, no complaints. Would highly recommend you buy it.Sold by: Chubbiestech
Very nice. Looks brand new. Works well
Well, I have only had the phone less than a month so it is hard to rate it other than that it arrived intact and as advertised and is currently working well and up to expectations, but again it has only been one month on this Refurbished Samsung S5. So, ask me more about it in 3 to 6 months,but so far I am pleased with this well Refurbished S5.
I have been using the phone for the past few months without any issues. It didn't come with original box but did include the original charger. The phone was in brand new like condition with no visible scratches or dings. From the reviews I've read a lot of people seem to have issues with the Verizon model but I am using this phone for T-Mobile. Will update if needed!
I love my new phone! It arrived at the projected delivery date, and I took it to Metro PCS to have them put my sim card inside. No problems whatsoever. The screen resolution is amazing, the sound is perfection and I added more memory with my 64GB SD card. If we ever need another phone, I will definitely order from this seller again.
Grat, unlocked, recongnized automatically sim card from Claro and Movistar (Argentina)
When i received the phone, it was like it was advertised. i inserted my metro pcs sim but it did not work and then i went to metro pcs and they did a transfer of phone for it to work. i am happy with the phone, i like it.
Works perfectly, no issues thus far.
Just got the phone a few days ago. I have t-mobile and the phone and network are comparable with no issues. Phone is in excellent conditions, works like new, would recommend to anyone.
Love the phone. Super fast processing and clear graphics. Battery life is not to bad. Will last all day during heavy use, 2 days if just used for text and call. Only downfall is back battery cover is very weak. Had cracks in it within a couple of weeks. Always a good idea to have your phone in a case anyway.
Exactly the quality I had hoped. Bought as a gift/replacement for a friend's shattered phone. I was a little skeptical about making the order, but the price point was right so I pulled the trigger. Glad I did, as the phone arrived in pristine condition and hasn't failed him yet. Thank you!
Awesome phone
Excellent!
Brought this phone in Aug 2016. Gas been working great so far. Only thing it came without headphones.
Later model phone may not always predict a better phone. This phone was Unveiled on 24 February 2014. I purchased my S5 here on Amazon about five months ago. No complaints from me at all on this purchase. It wouldn't surprise me if in the year 2020 this phone is still rated as a 5 star phone. Read the specs.
I have owned several Samsung cell phones and been more than pleased with each one. I researched each of the available Galaxies and decided on the 5. It has not disappointed me!
Very happy with the purchase.
Excellent
Awesome phone. Just pave next to your old phone and it cpoies all your contacts and apps. Awesome. ..
This is a review of the T-Mobile version of the S5. My Galaxy S4 was having an issue with not booting and I wasn't going to pay $800 for new phone. I wanted the S5 years ago because of the water resistance and slighly better hardware but it was to expensive at the time. So I figured this was a good opportunity to get one relatively cheap. I'd never tried refurbished and was a bit nervous about getting a worn or slightly damaged phone. Luckily the phone arrived in mint condition in the original box and the cables even had seals on them like they hadn't been used.I was concerned maybe the SIM card from my s4 wouldn't work straight away but it did without a single issue. After the initial setup of the phone, I was able to use 4G LTE without a problem. All texting, phone calls ect. worked fine. Only thing I noticed is that at max call volume you can hear some static noise when people are talking. Not a big issue and it goes away if you lower the volume a notch. I'm thinking this is a normal issue with the phone because everything else functions perfectly. Been very pleased with the purchase for the first month I've had it.
The phone works great
Was skeptical but as soon as I received it, the phone was in great condition. It was like brand new aside from a scratch on the side; but it is nothing a phone case won't cover. Had it for 2 months now and it is running well.
Even though it was refurbished, this phone appeared new, no scratches, dents or cracks, came in the box with everything to my surprise. I liked the phone and worked well till it got submerged in about 4 feet of water (flash flood, was in my pocket ::supersadface::) The phone still worked till I pulled the battery and let it dry, now the screen flickers yellow bars, it still turns on and is responsive just no screen so I'm inclined to get another. Only had it for 2+ months till I killed it... Water resistant to an extent, yes... certainly not water proof as it was only in the water for at most 1 minute. Better then the S3 and certainly better than any windows phone I have ever had... by far...
Phone was like new. 100% happy.
Very good phone.Shipped on time .Was in perfect condition.Only problem I had was it was not unlocked like the add said.Ty
The one I was sent works fine with ATT service except that it has several loaded T-mobile software items that cant be removed (easily). And it makes t-mobile noises when I start it up. I wanted to stay with samsung galaxy and not pay alot. So its just fine.
Was ok
Great. As expected and advertised
good phone. has a wonderful battery life on it.
The Galaxy S5 is still (even compared with the S6 or S7) one of my favorite phones. It has features (replaceable battery, expansion memory slot, dust/water resistance, infrared support) that were for strange reasons removed from newer Galaxy S series phones (and then later added back as "new features").
Love the phone. Best one I've owned to date.
I love this phone! It came in perfect condition and has been working flawlessly ever since.
Samsung makes the best and most durable Android phones. This one appears to be new with no marks of any kind and wrapped in factory packaging and protection. Even being two models back the operating system is still supported on this S5: what a deal!
Arrived in new condition. Perfect! Love the camera (takes great pics), love the phone, actually holds a charge if you turn off apps. Finally electronically functional again. S4 charger does not work with this but one came with the phone. Nice job!
Its exactly what it says you would receive and I'm very happy with my purchase.
I had to buy this after my S6 died of water damage.I have had S3 and S4 before, but never S5, so this was a good chance. Now, this phone is almost 3 years old in production, so you can't expect it to be super fast, especially in my case when downgrading. But this is a great phone. I am very happy with the purchase.There are a few scrapes on the edges that show of use, but other than that it acts like it is brand new.When I start up the phone, a T-mobile logo comes up, but I am using it with AT&T with no issues what so ever.
I love this phone and I'm beyond Irate due to the Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T malfunctioned this morning. I haven't even had this phone for a year and it malfunctioned on me. Please Help.
Thanks so much
Fine phone, but I needed an unlocked on (my fault for assuming it was already unlocked).
Overall I'm glad I bought this phone from Amazon because it exceeded my expectations.Pros:-Fast, Snappy, and Crisp. No Lag at all.-Still New and fresh in the original box-Came with 90 day warranty from the seller as well as Amazon's Certified Refurbish-Simple InstructionsCons:NoneThanks again Amazon for making me a happy customer (:
I was very skeptical at first then I was amazed at the quality. It came very nicely packaged. Nothing wrong with it at all. Very amazing for the price.
wonderful phone i would recommend this phone. works perfectly.
good product
no complaints we bought it for our daughter, excellent service
Just as advertised. This phone has been a great purchase. I cracked my screen on my old phone and decided it was time for an upgrade. Still not wanting to get into a new contract or pay a monthly fee for a 'store-bought' new phone, I discovered that Amazon has a great listing of refurbished phones. Priced reasonably, these phones fill the niche for customers looking for newer equipment without the fancy contracts and commitments most wireless companies require with new unit purchases. I am completely satisfied with this purchase and have been using this phone as my personal device for several months now. Buy what you want, when you need it, not what they have on their terms. Thanks to Amazon for creating a market place for such products.
Great phone. Like new. no complaints
The phone looked new and worked perfectly. If all of them are as good, they're totally worth the money.
Looks brand new. No problems whatsoever.
I am happy.
I love the phone. Have had no problems with it. No reason to contact seller at all.
have the phone 1 week and works great
Excellent phone. Very happy!
This is basically a new phone, with a 90 day warranty. It came with new headphones. The only thing it doesn't come with is a manual.
Excellent service and excellent product
I bought this phone for my Husband and was skeptical buying a refurbished phone. The phone is like brand new works great! It came with the actual Samsung charger. Also delivered earlier than the delivery date. Great product. Thinking of getting one for myself!
A+++×
Works great no problems with it so far my dad has been using it in Jamaica.
good
Very good
Works Good, Just has T mobil logo pop up when Turned on. I have ATT. went to T Mobil store they say it comes from the Manufacture this way cant change it..
Amazing experience. This Samsung Galaxy S5 (for Tmobile) is virtually brand new. Absolutely no signs of previous use or even any refurbish activity. I would highly recommend this seller!
Great phone that is water resistant. Also, keeps track of your steps.
Great Product
Ordered 2 of these refurbished phones. The price was fantastic and so far, they are working great.
Great
It met my expectations and it was delivered on time
My daughter loves it. No issues or problems. Works great!
It's good product Thank u.
Thank you, excellent.
It is working, however because it is unloced it would be nice if they either A: rooted the phone, or B: disabled the carrier updates. I keep getting an update notification for t-mobile, but am using it on another carrier.
this phone seems to me like new, thanks for the good quality and the fast shipping.very appreciated.
I am all smiles great phone perfect condition and works well. I am loving it.
So far so good, no explosions. Phone works good.
Worked fine and was delivered on time.
I have had for a while now. Works great!
Fine phone, but I needed an unlocked on (my fault for assuming it was already unlocked).
Overall I'm glad I bought this phone from Amazon because it exceeded my expectations.Pros:-Fast, Snappy, and Crisp. No Lag at all.-Still New and fresh in the original box-Came with 90 day warranty from the seller as well as Amazon's Certified Refurbish-Simple InstructionsCons:NoneThanks again Amazon for making me a happy customer (:
I was very skeptical at first then I was amazed at the quality. It came very nicely packaged. Nothing wrong with it at all. Very amazing for the price.
wonderful phone i would recommend this phone. works perfectly.
good product
no complaints we bought it for our daughter, excellent service
I had never purchased a certified pre-owned phone before. I was a bit skeptical, but really wanted to upgrade from my old LG, but didn't want to spend $600+ on a phone. T-Mobile sells the certified version of the Samsung Galaxy S5 also, but it was $100 more, so I decided to give this a try. The delivery was fast (I have Prime) and it came in original Samsung Galaxy 5 box. All the accessories (power cord, earbuds, battery) were included and the device looked new to me. I pulled my sim card from my old phone and put it in this one (luckily both were micro sim), put the battery in and turned it on. It worked perfectly. T-Mobile had 3 updates to the operating system which downloaded and installed with no trouble.
New conditions, original box, charge and headphones.
Great phone and competitive price.
looks & works like new
I just love my new phone so glad it finally came
It is almost new phone and delivered right on time.I ordered for my son. We are so happy
Nice
Product was exactly as advertised. So far so good. It was like getting a brand new phone. How long it will last, time will tell. But my husband is very happy with the phone.
Very good condition with all accessories and original box included
I was kinda skeptic about buying a phone on here but I took a shot and risked it and I think I'm happy with this phone it work 100%with metro pcs and I don't have to worry about a thing it's perfect I love this phone I had with att and fell in love with it so I wanted to get again and I'm glad I did
I had to buy this after my S6 died of water damage.I have had S3 and S4 before, but never S5, so this was a good chance. Now, this phone is almost 3 years old in production, so you can't expect it to be super fast, especially in my case when downgrading. But this is a great phone. I am very happy with the purchase.There are a few scrapes on the edges that show of use, but other than that it acts like it is brand new.When I start up the phone, a T-mobile logo comes up, but I am using it with AT&T with no issues what so ever.
I love this phone and I'm beyond Irate due to the Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T malfunctioned this morning. I haven't even had this phone for a year and it malfunctioned on me. Please Help.
It is working, however because it is unloced it would be nice if they either A: rooted the phone, or B: disabled the carrier updates. I keep getting an update notification for t-mobile, but am using it on another carrier.
Very good phone love it a lot it not a smart phone it a supper smart phone love it
Excellent product!!I am pleased with product, however charger does not work. I called to advise that it did not work and another charge was sent to me. Unfortunately the second one is the wrong size so I have two non working chargers. Please send me the correct charger for Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T 15 GB Black GSM. I will gladly return the two back.
Good
As a family we have bought 4 different S5 phones from this company. We have had zero issues. I would recommend these phones if someone was not looking for the latest and greatest. My wife has a S6, can't replace the battery, can't add more memory. Isn't water resistant. Seems like samsung went the wrong way with the S6. Everything that the S6 doesn't have, the S5 has.11/30/2016 Update: All 4 phones still working like they did out of the box
The Galaxy S5 is still (even compared with the S6 or S7) one of my favorite phones. It has features (replaceable battery, expansion memory slot, dust/water resistance, infrared support) that were for strange reasons removed from newer Galaxy S series phones (and then later added back as "new features").
Phone was like new. 100% happy.
Very good phone.Shipped on time .Was in perfect condition.Only problem I had was it was not unlocked like the add said.Ty
The one I was sent works fine with ATT service except that it has several loaded T-mobile software items that cant be removed (easily). And it makes t-mobile noises when I start it up. I wanted to stay with samsung galaxy and not pay alot. So its just fine.
Was ok
Great. As expected and advertised
good phone. has a wonderful battery life on it.
Love it, also got one for my husband as a gift. We wish we had upgraded sooner.
Solid product. Works great!
Product was as described and works great. Smooth transaction. Activated on pageplus plan with no problem.
product was delivered it great condition and worked perfectly . My son had the hard cover on it and dropped this phone. It cracked the screen and the phone is not working since.
Quality product.
It looked great and worked unless it was for wifi calling, the phone is supposed to have this feature, there was no way to turn it on or off, even tmobile said the phone must be faulty, seller gave me full refund
Great..loving every minute of it.
Nice
Great phone! Even though it's refurbished, it works like a dream! Haven't noticed any problems with it whatsoever, and setting it up with T-Mobile was probably one of the most painless experiences I've ever had with a phone company. Definitely worth the price!
It's seems to be working fine.....
I have the tmobile version and it is a very nice phone. Makes me happy.
Not had a single problem with this phone so far.
This was a gift for my wife, she was thrilled. It has performed flawlessly, she's happy so I'm happy :)
Gift to my husband and he is happy !
Love it ...no regrets! !
The case arrived on time as advertised pretty good quality and I feel my phone is very secured. The plug covering the USB port is detachable if you ever want to remove it and there are no issues using the cover glass screen cover
Brand new looking product. Would buy again. No issues. Worked with metro pcs sim card!
I just bought a second one of these as another replacement, specifically for T-Mobile phones I broke and it works perfectly, as if it were a brand new phone
Thank you so much. Phone is like newEverything works great and looks great
I bought a new, not a refurbished phone. It did not arrive in original packaging, but it was well and reasonably packaged. The phone easily accepted my SIM card, everything pops up in English,and it appears to be fully functional, It works normally in the US, but is finicky in western Europe - not a lot of bars - though it could be our service, not the phone's problem. We are very happy with this replacement phone.
Works great came early and it is one tough phone.
This was an excellent deal for $200. Phone looked like new, worked fine & the setup was easy. Used my existing sim card & extra memory card & both were recognized & functioned fine. Retained all my settings & contacts with no issues. Also updated the operating system android software from 5.1 lollipop to 6.0 Marshmallow via T-mobile & it worked flawlessly. A simple download & restart & the software was upgraded. I would defintely go this route again & never spend the outrageous sums that the retail stores want for new phones.
Very nice phone. Really had no issues with phone just the carrier. Metro PCS good company, T-Mobil need to improve there service a little better. They still have a few bugs to work out with Their cut over with Metro.
Good
Couldn't be happier with my phone arrived fast and in box with charger like promised no complains here so thank you.
Excellent!
Brought this phone in Aug 2016. Gas been working great so far. Only thing it came without headphones.
Later model phone may not always predict a better phone. This phone was Unveiled on 24 February 2014. I purchased my S5 here on Amazon about five months ago. No complaints from me at all on this purchase. It wouldn't surprise me if in the year 2020 this phone is still rated as a 5 star phone. Read the specs.
I have owned several Samsung cell phones and been more than pleased with each one. I researched each of the available Galaxies and decided on the 5. It has not disappointed me!
Very happy with the purchase.
Not had a single problem with this phone so far.
This was a gift for my wife, she was thrilled. It has performed flawlessly, she's happy so I'm happy :)
Gift to my husband and he is happy !
Love it ...no regrets! !
The case arrived on time as advertised pretty good quality and I feel my phone is very secured. The plug covering the USB port is detachable if you ever want to remove it and there are no issues using the cover glass screen cover
Brand new looking product. Would buy again. No issues. Worked with metro pcs sim card!
I just bought a second one of these as another replacement, specifically for T-Mobile phones I broke and it works perfectly, as if it were a brand new phone
thanks you
Excellente!!!!
Shipping was fast and the phone arrive right on time.When the phone arrived we noticed that the back case had two chips in it. As though it was damaged when the case was opened and then snapped back into place. The phone worked fine and my wife has enjoyed its upgrades in comparison to her S3.
Purchase phone for my granddaughter and she loved it. The only problem I had was the phone was supposed to be unlocked and the phone was actually a tmobile phone. Thankfully my granddaughter has T Mobile so it came out smooth. But I thought a block phone had no carrier involvement.
Phone came within 5 days with case included, along with the original box and samsung charger as well as headphones. BUY BUY BUY!
Arrived in great shape, and at a great price. Included everything as if it were a new package. May I never have to deal with the junk that Apple pushes again.
It looked great and worked unless it was for wifi calling, the phone is supposed to have this feature, there was no way to turn it on or off, even tmobile said the phone must be faulty, seller gave me full refund
I bought a new, not a refurbished phone. It did not arrive in original packaging, but it was well and reasonably packaged. The phone easily accepted my SIM card, everything pops up in English,and it appears to be fully functional, It works normally in the US, but is finicky in western Europe - not a lot of bars - though it could be our service, not the phone's problem. We are very happy with this replacement phone.
Works great came early and it is one tough phone.
This was an excellent deal for $200. Phone looked like new, worked fine & the setup was easy. Used my existing sim card & extra memory card & both were recognized & functioned fine. Retained all my settings & contacts with no issues. Also updated the operating system android software from 5.1 lollipop to 6.0 Marshmallow via T-mobile & it worked flawlessly. A simple download & restart & the software was upgraded. I would defintely go this route again & never spend the outrageous sums that the retail stores want for new phones.
Very nice phone. Really had no issues with phone just the carrier. Metro PCS good company, T-Mobil need to improve there service a little better. They still have a few bugs to work out with Their cut over with Metro.
Good
Couldn't be happier with my phone arrived fast and in box with charger like promised no complains here so thank you.
Love it, also got one for my husband as a gift. We wish we had upgraded sooner.
Solid product. Works great!
Product was as described and works great. Smooth transaction. Activated on pageplus plan with no problem.
product was delivered it great condition and worked perfectly . My son had the hard cover on it and dropped this phone. It cracked the screen and the phone is not working since.
Quality product.
Great phone, great seller. We bought it "used". The description said "Good" but it was not only good, it was in mint condition. We are very happy with this purchase.
So far it is working perfectly, but all the t mobile stuff is annoying to handle. Also it didn't come with the actual factory box or the manual ,so I'm a little disappointed but the phone works so you get what you pay for.
I like this phone cuz its stylish
Super awesome phone! Fast and crisp!
The device looks and works great !! It a Samsung so setup was easy.
Excellent
Awesome phone. Just pave next to your old phone and it cpoies all your contacts and apps. Awesome. ..
This is a review of the T-Mobile version of the S5. My Galaxy S4 was having an issue with not booting and I wasn't going to pay $800 for new phone. I wanted the S5 years ago because of the water resistance and slighly better hardware but it was to expensive at the time. So I figured this was a good opportunity to get one relatively cheap. I'd never tried refurbished and was a bit nervous about getting a worn or slightly damaged phone. Luckily the phone arrived in mint condition in the original box and the cables even had seals on them like they hadn't been used.I was concerned maybe the SIM card from my s4 wouldn't work straight away but it did without a single issue. After the initial setup of the phone, I was able to use 4G LTE without a problem. All texting, phone calls ect. worked fine. Only thing I noticed is that at max call volume you can hear some static noise when people are talking. Not a big issue and it goes away if you lower the volume a notch. I'm thinking this is a normal issue with the phone because everything else functions perfectly. Been very pleased with the purchase for the first month I've had it.
The phone works great
Was skeptical but as soon as I received it, the phone was in great condition. It was like brand new aside from a scratch on the side; but it is nothing a phone case won't cover. Had it for 2 months now and it is running well.
Even though it was refurbished, this phone appeared new, no scratches, dents or cracks, came in the box with everything to my surprise. I liked the phone and worked well till it got submerged in about 4 feet of water (flash flood, was in my pocket ::supersadface::) The phone still worked till I pulled the battery and let it dry, now the screen flickers yellow bars, it still turns on and is responsive just no screen so I'm inclined to get another. Only had it for 2+ months till I killed it... Water resistant to an extent, yes... certainly not water proof as it was only in the water for at most 1 minute. Better then the S3 and certainly better than any windows phone I have ever had... by far...
Phone was like new. 100% happy.
Very good phone.Shipped on time .Was in perfect condition.Only problem I had was it was not unlocked like the add said.Ty
The one I was sent works fine with ATT service except that it has several loaded T-mobile software items that cant be removed (easily). And it makes t-mobile noises when I start it up. I wanted to stay with samsung galaxy and not pay alot. So its just fine.
Was ok
Great. As expected and advertised
good phone. has a wonderful battery life on it.
Great phone that is water resistant. Also, keeps track of your steps.
Great Product
Ordered 2 of these refurbished phones. The price was fantastic and so far, they are working great.
Great
It met my expectations and it was delivered on time
My daughter loves it. No issues or problems. Works great!
It's good product Thank u.
Thank you, excellent.
The phone is amazing. It came with the box, charger, headphones and manual, and it looked brand new. It worked perfectly, and there weren't any sings of wear as far as I could see. We bought the phone for only $220, which is an amazing deal, considering you're getting a practically brand new phone for less than half the price. Overall, no complaints. Would highly recommend you buy it.Sold by: Chubbiestech
Very nice. Looks brand new. Works well
Well, I have only had the phone less than a month so it is hard to rate it other than that it arrived intact and as advertised and is currently working well and up to expectations, but again it has only been one month on this Refurbished Samsung S5. So, ask me more about it in 3 to 6 months,but so far I am pleased with this well Refurbished S5.
I have been using the phone for the past few months without any issues. It didn't come with original box but did include the original charger. The phone was in brand new like condition with no visible scratches or dings. From the reviews I've read a lot of people seem to have issues with the Verizon model but I am using this phone for T-Mobile. Will update if needed!
I love my new phone! It arrived at the projected delivery date, and I took it to Metro PCS to have them put my sim card inside. No problems whatsoever. The screen resolution is amazing, the sound is perfection and I added more memory with my 64GB SD card. If we ever need another phone, I will definitely order from this seller again.
Grat, unlocked, recongnized automatically sim card from Claro and Movistar (Argentina)
I had to buy this after my S6 died of water damage.I have had S3 and S4 before, but never S5, so this was a good chance. Now, this phone is almost 3 years old in production, so you can't expect it to be super fast, especially in my case when downgrading. But this is a great phone. I am very happy with the purchase.There are a few scrapes on the edges that show of use, but other than that it acts like it is brand new.When I start up the phone, a T-mobile logo comes up, but I am using it with AT&T with no issues what so ever.
I love this phone and I'm beyond Irate due to the Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T malfunctioned this morning. I haven't even had this phone for a year and it malfunctioned on me. Please Help.
Great deal for an otherwise overpriced electronic device. After I purchased this, I cancelled my cell phone insurance. Since I can get something like this for less than what I'd pay for insurance, it's a win win.
Excellent product. I'm using it at this very moment to leave this review. Would gladly buy another if I needed it
Great phone and I got it for about 195$ because it was refurbished. Came out of the box looking very clean and sleek (almost like new!). Booted it up and inserted my SIM card and it worked flawlessly.Granted I only had this phone for about two weeks now, I hope it doesn't break anytime soon (because I often have bad luck with refurbished items).One side note: The battery seems to be draining extremely fast. Much faster than my older sub100dollar smart phone. Not sure if it's just the S5 or because it is a refurbished product.
It was supposed to come Wednesday but it came today! I was really happy with it. It looked new and came with the charger. The only concern I have is that it still says T Mobile and I have straight talk but as far as I can tell it hasn't caused any problems.
This phone replaced a previously purchased SM-G900A that was also ordered online through BREED on Amazon.Beautiful white, charges great and hold its charge reliably. Perfect screen, connectivity is strong.I am extremely pleased with my new S5!
very good
Thank you so much. Phone is like newEverything works great and looks great
Great..loving every minute of it.
Nice
Great phone! Even though it's refurbished, it works like a dream! Haven't noticed any problems with it whatsoever, and setting it up with T-Mobile was probably one of the most painless experiences I've ever had with a phone company. Definitely worth the price!
It's seems to be working fine.....
I have the tmobile version and it is a very nice phone. Makes me happy.
Love it!
Nice phone. Like a couple minute ago I opened box so small scratch on the but for this price it's nothing. Thank you so much. I loved my phone.
Very happy with this, it came packaged well, works perfectly, looks brand new. I had no issues at all putting it on consumer cellular
I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS PHONE. IT IS AN AWESOME AWESOME PHONE. THE ONLY THING I DIDN'T LIKE WAS THE STUPID SLIDE FEATURE I THINK IT WAS NEWS OR SOMETHING. THANK GOODNESS YOU ARE ABLE TO DISABLE IT! JUST TYPE IN SAMSUNG S5 AND ASK AND THEIR WILL BE A UTUBE VIDEO TELLING HOW TO DISABLE IT.EVERYTHING ELSE I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT. IT ALSO HAS THE MEMORY SD MICRO FEATURE FOR YOU TO ADD MORE STORAGE AND PUT YOUR GAMES AND PICS ON THE CARD YOU PURCHASE.THE CAMERA IS THE BEST I'VE SEEN YET PLUS THE VIDEO FEATURES. COMES WITH MANY FEATURES I WILL NEVER USE AND I CAN'T SEE WHY THESE MANUFACTURES KEEP DOING THAT. IT TAKES UP SPACE ON YOUR PHONE AND YOU WILL NEVER USE MOST OF THEM. THAT IS THE REASON I SUGGEST GETTING A MICRO SD CARD. ALSO MAKE SURE YOU GET THE 2 YEAR WARRANTY. WELL WORTH IT. PLUS, THE SCREEN SAVER AND A NICE PROTECTIVE CASE. MANY OUT THERE. LOVE LOVE THIS PHONE. I PLAY WORD CHUMS WITH FRIENDS AT NIGHT. I CHAT AND LOOK AT MY PICTURES. SMART PHONES HAVE COME A LONG WAY AND SAMSUNG HAS DONE A SUPERB JOB....HOPE THEY SEE THIS POST AND GET RID OF THE STUFF THEY PUT ON THE PHONES THAT PEOPLE DON'T WANT. EVERYONE HAS THEIR OWN THING AND SHOULD DECIDE WHAT THEY WANT ON THE PHONE. OR AT LEAST BE ABLE TO UNINSTALL THESE UNWANTED FEATURES.
Very happy beautiful phone excellent choice.Seller had everything perfect, well packaged.A pleasure dealing with this seller, will use again. Amazon you are the best.Phone is lighting fast and completely efficient. Couldn't be more happy with this experience.
Glad with my phone
great product, fast shipping
I like this cell fine is new only I need the battery is no work property thank uu
great phone
So far so good.
I bought this refurbished Samsung Galaxy S5 because my sister bought me a Gear Fit from Amazon and my Galaxy S4 did not work with it. Love the phone and the Gear Fit!!
Was like new. Works perfectly!
Just as advertised. This phone has been a great purchase. I cracked my screen on my old phone and decided it was time for an upgrade. Still not wanting to get into a new contract or pay a monthly fee for a 'store-bought' new phone, I discovered that Amazon has a great listing of refurbished phones. Priced reasonably, these phones fill the niche for customers looking for newer equipment without the fancy contracts and commitments most wireless companies require with new unit purchases. I am completely satisfied with this purchase and have been using this phone as my personal device for several months now. Buy what you want, when you need it, not what they have on their terms. Thanks to Amazon for creating a market place for such products.
Great phone. Like new. no complaints
The phone looked new and worked perfectly. If all of them are as good, they're totally worth the money.
Looks brand new. No problems whatsoever.
I am happy.
A+++×
Works great no problems with it so far my dad has been using it in Jamaica.
good
Very good
Works Good, Just has T mobil logo pop up when Turned on. I have ATT. went to T Mobil store they say it comes from the Manufacture this way cant change it..
Amazing experience. This Samsung Galaxy S5 (for Tmobile) is virtually brand new. Absolutely no signs of previous use or even any refurbish activity. I would highly recommend this seller!
The product works wonderfully. Hope it stays working!
bien
Phone works great and is in good condition. Put my wife's sim card in and she was ready to go. Shipping was fast.
Phone looks and performs like a totally new phone. Beyond satisfied.
Came out of the box looking and working perfectly, thank you!
Works very well.
I love the phone. Have had no problems with it. No reason to contact seller at all.
have the phone 1 week and works great
Excellent phone. Very happy!
This is basically a new phone, with a 90 day warranty. It came with new headphones. The only thing it doesn't come with is a manual.
Excellent service and excellent product
I bought this phone for my Husband and was skeptical buying a refurbished phone. The phone is like brand new works great! It came with the actual Samsung charger. Also delivered earlier than the delivery date. Great product. Thinking of getting one for myself!
The Galaxy S5 is still (even compared with the S6 or S7) one of my favorite phones. It has features (replaceable battery, expansion memory slot, dust/water resistance, infrared support) that were for strange reasons removed from newer Galaxy S series phones (and then later added back as "new features").
Love the phone. Best one I've owned to date.
I love this phone! It came in perfect condition and has been working flawlessly ever since.
Samsung makes the best and most durable Android phones. This one appears to be new with no marks of any kind and wrapped in factory packaging and protection. Even being two models back the operating system is still supported on this S5: what a deal!
Arrived in new condition. Perfect! Love the camera (takes great pics), love the phone, actually holds a charge if you turn off apps. Finally electronically functional again. S4 charger does not work with this but one came with the phone. Nice job!
Its exactly what it says you would receive and I'm very happy with my purchase.
Samsung makes the best and most durable Android phones. This one appears to be new with no marks of any kind and wrapped in factory packaging and protection. Even being two models back the operating system is still supported on this S5: what a deal!
Arrived in new condition. Perfect! Love the camera (takes great pics), love the phone, actually holds a charge if you turn off apps. Finally electronically functional again. S4 charger does not work with this but one came with the phone. Nice job!
Its exactly what it says you would receive and I'm very happy with my purchase.
Great deal for an otherwise overpriced electronic device. After I purchased this, I cancelled my cell phone insurance. Since I can get something like this for less than what I'd pay for insurance, it's a win win.
Excellent product. I'm using it at this very moment to leave this review. Would gladly buy another if I needed it
Excellente!!!!
Shipping was fast and the phone arrive right on time.When the phone arrived we noticed that the back case had two chips in it. As though it was damaged when the case was opened and then snapped back into place. The phone worked fine and my wife has enjoyed its upgrades in comparison to her S3.
Purchase phone for my granddaughter and she loved it. The only problem I had was the phone was supposed to be unlocked and the phone was actually a tmobile phone. Thankfully my granddaughter has T Mobile so it came out smooth. But I thought a block phone had no carrier involvement.
Phone came within 5 days with case included, along with the original box and samsung charger as well as headphones. BUY BUY BUY!
Arrived in great shape, and at a great price. Included everything as if it were a new package. May I never have to deal with the junk that Apple pushes again.
Very good phone love it a lot it not a smart phone it a supper smart phone love it
Excellent product!!I am pleased with product, however charger does not work. I called to advise that it did not work and another charge was sent to me. Unfortunately the second one is the wrong size so I have two non working chargers. Please send me the correct charger for Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T 15 GB Black GSM. I will gladly return the two back.
Good
As a family we have bought 4 different S5 phones from this company. We have had zero issues. I would recommend these phones if someone was not looking for the latest and greatest. My wife has a S6, can't replace the battery, can't add more memory. Isn't water resistant. Seems like samsung went the wrong way with the S6. Everything that the S6 doesn't have, the S5 has.11/30/2016 Update: All 4 phones still working like they did out of the box
The Galaxy S5 is still (even compared with the S6 or S7) one of my favorite phones. It has features (replaceable battery, expansion memory slot, dust/water resistance, infrared support) that were for strange reasons removed from newer Galaxy S series phones (and then later added back as "new features").
Love the phone. Best one I've owned to date.
I love this phone! It came in perfect condition and has been working flawlessly ever since.
I love this phone and I'm beyond Irate due to the Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T malfunctioned this morning. I haven't even had this phone for a year and it malfunctioned on me. Please Help.
It is working, however because it is unloced it would be nice if they either A: rooted the phone, or B: disabled the carrier updates. I keep getting an update notification for t-mobile, but am using it on another carrier.
Excellent!
Brought this phone in Aug 2016. Gas been working great so far. Only thing it came without headphones.
Later model phone may not always predict a better phone. This phone was Unveiled on 24 February 2014. I purchased my S5 here on Amazon about five months ago. No complaints from me at all on this purchase. It wouldn't surprise me if in the year 2020 this phone is still rated as a 5 star phone. Read the specs.
I have owned several Samsung cell phones and been more than pleased with each one. I researched each of the available Galaxies and decided on the 5. It has not disappointed me!
Very happy with the purchase.
A+++×
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! Its everything I expected and more!!
Product arrived like brand new. Not a single scratch or any signs of use. In fact, it arrived in the original Samsung Galaxy S5 box and was complete with all that would be expected with a new phone. Wrapping, official Samsung cords...I have owned a Samsung Galaxy S5 previously and think it is a perfect phone. Waterproof, quick charging, fairly fast...why pay more?
Worth every penny. Did have to take my phone to Metro PCS and they enabled the IMEI in their system to get service. So it's unlocked definitely works. Bought one then a second a week later for the wife cause it was that good.
Phone was in excellent condition! It looked and worked practically brand new. No damage to the screen or the case itself. The phone also came in the original Samsung box with new accessories. I have not noticed any issues what so ever.
It's a phone that works.
I like'
This phone came in great condition and have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not experienced any problems. It comes packaged as if you were buying a brand new phone from the store so that was fantastic. I am very satisfied with this product.
Love it!
I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS PHONE. IT IS AN AWESOME AWESOME PHONE. THE ONLY THING I DIDN'T LIKE WAS THE STUPID SLIDE FEATURE I THINK IT WAS NEWS OR SOMETHING. THANK GOODNESS YOU ARE ABLE TO DISABLE IT! JUST TYPE IN SAMSUNG S5 AND ASK AND THEIR WILL BE A UTUBE VIDEO TELLING HOW TO DISABLE IT.EVERYTHING ELSE I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT. IT ALSO HAS THE MEMORY SD MICRO FEATURE FOR YOU TO ADD MORE STORAGE AND PUT YOUR GAMES AND PICS ON THE CARD YOU PURCHASE.THE CAMERA IS THE BEST I'VE SEEN YET PLUS THE VIDEO FEATURES. COMES WITH MANY FEATURES I WILL NEVER USE AND I CAN'T SEE WHY THESE MANUFACTURES KEEP DOING THAT. IT TAKES UP SPACE ON YOUR PHONE AND YOU WILL NEVER USE MOST OF THEM. THAT IS THE REASON I SUGGEST GETTING A MICRO SD CARD. ALSO MAKE SURE YOU GET THE 2 YEAR WARRANTY. WELL WORTH IT. PLUS, THE SCREEN SAVER AND A NICE PROTECTIVE CASE. MANY OUT THERE. LOVE LOVE THIS PHONE. I PLAY WORD CHUMS WITH FRIENDS AT NIGHT. I CHAT AND LOOK AT MY PICTURES. SMART PHONES HAVE COME A LONG WAY AND SAMSUNG HAS DONE A SUPERB JOB....HOPE THEY SEE THIS POST AND GET RID OF THE STUFF THEY PUT ON THE PHONES THAT PEOPLE DON'T WANT. EVERYONE HAS THEIR OWN THING AND SHOULD DECIDE WHAT THEY WANT ON THE PHONE. OR AT LEAST BE ABLE TO UNINSTALL THESE UNWANTED FEATURES.
Very happy beautiful phone excellent choice.Seller had everything perfect, well packaged.A pleasure dealing with this seller, will use again. Amazon you are the best.Phone is lighting fast and completely efficient. Couldn't be more happy with this experience.
Glad with my phone
Thanks so much
Fine phone, but I needed an unlocked on (my fault for assuming it was already unlocked).
Great phone and competitive price.
looks & works like new
I just love my new phone so glad it finally came
It is almost new phone and delivered right on time.I ordered for my son. We are so happy
Nice
Product was exactly as advertised. So far so good. It was like getting a brand new phone. How long it will last, time will tell. But my husband is very happy with the phone.
Very good condition with all accessories and original box included
I was kinda skeptic about buying a phone on here but I took a shot and risked it and I think I'm happy with this phone it work 100%with metro pcs and I don't have to worry about a thing it's perfect I love this phone I had with att and fell in love with it so I wanted to get again and I'm glad I did
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! Its everything I expected and more!!
Very good phone.Shipped on time .Was in perfect condition.Only problem I had was it was not unlocked like the add said.Ty
The one I was sent works fine with ATT service except that it has several loaded T-mobile software items that cant be removed (easily). And it makes t-mobile noises when I start it up. I wanted to stay with samsung galaxy and not pay alot. So its just fine.
Was ok
good phone. has a wonderful battery life on it.
this phone seems to me like new, thanks for the good quality and the fast shipping.very appreciated.
I am all smiles great phone perfect condition and works well. I am loving it.
So far so good, no explosions. Phone works good.
Worked fine and was delivered on time.
I have had for a while now. Works great!
Well, I have only had the phone less than a month so it is hard to rate it other than that it arrived intact and as advertised and is currently working well and up to expectations, but again it has only been one month on this Refurbished Samsung S5. So, ask me more about it in 3 to 6 months,but so far I am pleased with this well Refurbished S5.
I love my new phone! It arrived at the projected delivery date, and I took it to Metro PCS to have them put my sim card inside. No problems whatsoever. The screen resolution is amazing, the sound is perfection and I added more memory with my 64GB SD card. If we ever need another phone, I will definitely order from this seller again.
Grat, unlocked, recongnized automatically sim card from Claro and Movistar (Argentina)
Phone was in mint condition. There was not one scratch or mark. All accessaries were included as well. I put in my sim and as connected to Cricket Wireless with ease.
I really like it this item.
Excelent Cell phone
Great device.
Great phone very happy with it!
Love this phonr! Geat camera features and makes very very ecent photos for cell phone. I recommend to use ballistic glass screen protector.
Good quality and condition, great price
I hope receive, Just once, tomorrow august 25 or Friday August 26, thanks.
Great great greatly appreciated and amazing thank you I loveee it
The first one of these phones I received would not not send or receive calls or texts. I contacted the seller who suspected a factory defect and mailed a replacement which works wonderfully.
Excellent. Equipment like new. 100% recommended
I am one hundred percent happy with my purchase. Had my phone number ported and had no issues concerning the newly installed SIM card and phone works perfectly. Bought a new gorilla glass to add more durability and awaiting for new case which will be waterproof. Excellent seller for describing the item and it's condition.
so pleased with my order I would definitely order from this company again
Very good thank you A+A+
Worth buying came unlocked
Love it
works well
Great item. It met my expectations.
I like it, it works just fine.
The phone seemed great. the problem was, my chip would not fit because it was an att phone, and I have T-mobile, and, I didn;t see a choice on amazon, where I could tell them I need a Tmobile phone. I ordered the phone, it said it would work with my company(some gp something), but, it didnt say, yes, it will work with your t-mobile account. Never said exactly, that it would. I'm sure the phone was great. I love Samsung. I'm scared to re-order, because, I tried specifically to say a t- mobile phone, but, I felt like the descriptions did not assure me it would work with my chip. So. I gave up...
The phone itself works fine, it was technically brand new, no dings or dents or scratches. The only problem that I had was that the charging port cover does NOT close, it just flops about not closing. I did not want to return a perfectly working phone just for the charging port cover so I'm replacing it myself for $5. This is the only problem that I have found with this phone. My boyfriend has an S5 so I already know that the battery lasts forever, although I do use mine a lot, as opposed to how he uses it as watch. I switched from an S3 that had a shattered screen.Just beware that so far I have not found a way to update the phone to Lollipop (5.0) because I am not an AT&T customer, I use PTel. Worst case scenario I will have to root the phone so I can update it, but then again, the phone comes with 4.4.2 instead of 4.4.4 which is often required to root the phone in the first place. I really don't mind much although I do like the look of 5.0 a bit more, I'm not big into modification of the phone so it's not a big deal for me. I do get LTE signal with this phone since this seems to be the only "unlocked" version of the GS5 that is NOT international that supports LTE. Towelroot DOES NOT WORK with this phone and the developer has stopped updating towelroot.Overall this was a great deal and I'm super excited about my new phone!
Perfect... but I wish it includes SD card, headphones.
Highly satisfied with product
Got my phone quicker than expected. Phone looked amazing and was able to use it right away. Had no problems! Thanks again and Amazon was awesome with their customer service.
Good condition phone. Only came with a little chip on the corner but your could just get a caseto cover that up. And there was only one minor sscratch on the screen. Very satisfied phone functions as if I were new. I recommend you get this. Its a win. Trust me.✌
Excellent. Equipment like new. 100% recommended
Great phone. Came early as expected!
Excellent phone, exceeded expectations.
The phone arrived on time and it's been excellent so far. Couldn't have asked for a better deal. We love it.
So loving my phone thank you wireless expert
I got this for my daughter who phone was dying on her so far she is very happy.
Delivered in excellent conditionsworks well thus far, will give an update in 3 months.
A good buy, works with AT & T.
This a an excellent phone, I am still setting up all its functions, but am very pleased with it so far. It comes with some AT&T apps and instructions, but I am using it for T-Mobile.
Purchased this phone refurbished, couldn't be happier. I wasn't able to afford a new phone when my other died out of warranty. But this phone came as described, with only minor cosmetic wear and tear. It had obviously been fully inspected and repaired, as it looked like a new screen had been put on. I have not had any issues with the phone since; it works as good as new.
Nice phone, works well
thanks
The phone works really well, I have had it for about a month now and so far no problems
I am very comfortable with the phone. I have recommended amazon to 2 of my friend because of this phone.
I like the product & also delivery time was maintained
excellent
Phone filled with AT&T bloat but works good
Brand new. Everything works great!
Works fine; so far.
ok
Ordered the Android Phone - Gold.What we got was the black. Its ok we going to keep it. Once the Otterbox is installed don't know the color anyway.This is a fulfillment by Amazon so they made the mistake I guess.
A great phone
Nice quality feature I love how I bought it with a screen protector
It was very good. No problems, it works over seas (Jamaica, Digicel)
Great phone very happy with it!
I was concerned it would not be a NEW phone, but it was. Everything came in the original box with all the necessary accessories. I took it to AT&T and they put in the SIM card and helped me load my address book and other helpful things. It is a bit overwhelming as I had a little flip phone before. But now I can text my daughter who is thrilled and take some great pictures of my grandkids.
This is my FIRST "smart phone!" So I am still learning how to use all the functions. My best friend has the same phone and loves it and will continue to help me. I personally like Samsung products in general. So.....
Just learning to use a smart phone. So far have only used as a phone and not with the aps yet. The only disappointing aspect is the volume which to me, at 72, is poor to fair and on Maximum only half as loud as my former flip phone. My wife has hearing problems in one ear and can barely hear hers when it rings. Again, these are set on MAX volume. If I had known this weakness ahead of time I would NOT have purchased these phones.
Just got my phone a couple days ago, and I'm loving it. Phone is very fast, able to multitask by having different windows open.
Everything is easy to access
So far so good. The phone is really nice and fast. What I am surprised about is that the battery life blows. My Alcatel, tracfone, has a better battery than the S5. I have been following all the online tricks to extend battery life, but it is dead after a few hours.
I would give it 5 stars but the camera has two spots in the camera that every time I take a shot they are there. As I circled in the pic below. Good thing I use Corel Photo shop alot to correct pics so I can easily remove them but man I know this phone has amazing picture capabilities but my luck usually is bad but everything else is great and was smooth sailing to hook up to tracfone...
So far so good. It is a very good phone.
I am one hundred percent happy with my purchase. Had my phone number ported and had no issues concerning the newly installed SIM card and phone works perfectly. Bought a new gorilla glass to add more durability and awaiting for new case which will be waterproof. Excellent seller for describing the item and it's condition.
so pleased with my order I would definitely order from this company again
Very good thank you A+A+
Worth buying came unlocked
Love it
works well
Great item. It met my expectations.
Love this phonr! Geat camera features and makes very very ecent photos for cell phone. I recommend to use ballistic glass screen protector.
I hope receive, Just once, tomorrow august 25 or Friday August 26, thanks.
Great great greatly appreciated and amazing thank you I loveee it
This phone is great and works just like one you could get from a retailer.
Phone just like if it was brand new.
Very pleased with the product. I am a long time Android user. Bought an S5 active for the wife and saw how pleased she was. I believe this model is better as there are more cases, and wireless charging can be added. The product arrived in great shape. All the updates downloaded without complications.
Pretty much perfect, the only problem is the front camera quality isn't that great.
Everything works great on the phone and has met all expectstions.
Item was in great condition and functions perfect. As expected it does not come with a SIM card and had to go several locations to find the card needed. I recommend calling your Sprint Store and verifying they have the card before going and waiting in line only to find out they do not have the card needed for this phone.
Excellent phone. Good service from vendor. It was exactly as advertised. What more do you want!?!
Love the phone, I have no complaints about it. The seller, on the other hand, is questionable. This is a strange one, I admit. I bought the phone in October of 2015. It performed perfectly and I have been thrilled with the phone. In November of 2016 I contacted AT&T to have the phone unlocked. It seems there was still a balance owed on the phone. From AT&T: "You have not completed all the payments for your device according to your AT&T Next service agreement." So they won't unlock it.I contact the seller and I get this:"This phone was purchased over 395 days ago. We ask to be contacted within our 30 day return policy for any issues you encounter with the device. We are unable to assist you with unlocking this phone.Thank you,Kiley"Okay, I get it, I've owned the phone for a year. But do I own it or not? Why would they sell me a phone with a balance on it? One can speculate on how they acquired it or whether they cared to check to see if there was a balance on it, or whether they cared. I contacted customer service. While well intentioned, they seemed to not truly understand the problem and every email sent to me from them had a different foreign name on the signature and it seemed like the left hand didn't know what the right was doing. After I finally called and spoke to someone in person, also clearly not an English first speaker, they did send the seller a message telling them to refund me the money and a tag for returning the phone.No dice. The seller is stonewalling now. In one of the emails between myself and Amazon they offered me a one time $100 certificate so I guess I'll accept that and shut up. Still there seems to be no consequences for the seller, MyWit, selling a phone with a balance owed on it. Doesn't seem right to me. Do what you will with this info, folks.Great phone though.
Phone just like if it was brand new.
Very pleased with the product. I am a long time Android user. Bought an S5 active for the wife and saw how pleased she was. I believe this model is better as there are more cases, and wireless charging can be added. The product arrived in great shape. All the updates downloaded without complications.
Pretty much perfect, the only problem is the front camera quality isn't that great.
Everything works great on the phone and has met all expectstions.
Item was in great condition and functions perfect. As expected it does not come with a SIM card and had to go several locations to find the card needed. I recommend calling your Sprint Store and verifying they have the card before going and waiting in line only to find out they do not have the card needed for this phone.
Excellent phone. Good service from vendor. It was exactly as advertised. What more do you want!?!
Love the phone, I have no complaints about it. The seller, on the other hand, is questionable. This is a strange one, I admit. I bought the phone in October of 2015. It performed perfectly and I have been thrilled with the phone. In November of 2016 I contacted AT&T to have the phone unlocked. It seems there was still a balance owed on the phone. From AT&T: "You have not completed all the payments for your device according to your AT&T Next service agreement." So they won't unlock it.I contact the seller and I get this:"This phone was purchased over 395 days ago. We ask to be contacted within our 30 day return policy for any issues you encounter with the device. We are unable to assist you with unlocking this phone.Thank you,Kiley"Okay, I get it, I've owned the phone for a year. But do I own it or not? Why would they sell me a phone with a balance on it? One can speculate on how they acquired it or whether they cared to check to see if there was a balance on it, or whether they cared. I contacted customer service. While well intentioned, they seemed to not truly understand the problem and every email sent to me from them had a different foreign name on the signature and it seemed like the left hand didn't know what the right was doing. After I finally called and spoke to someone in person, also clearly not an English first speaker, they did send the seller a message telling them to refund me the money and a tag for returning the phone.No dice. The seller is stonewalling now. In one of the emails between myself and Amazon they offered me a one time $100 certificate so I guess I'll accept that and shut up. Still there seems to be no consequences for the seller, MyWit, selling a phone with a balance owed on it. Doesn't seem right to me. Do what you will with this info, folks.Great phone though.
Phone just like if it was brand new.
Very pleased with the product. I am a long time Android user. Bought an S5 active for the wife and saw how pleased she was. I believe this model is better as there are more cases, and wireless charging can be added. The product arrived in great shape. All the updates downloaded without complications.
Pretty much perfect, the only problem is the front camera quality isn't that great.
Everything works great on the phone and has met all expectstions.
Item was in great condition and functions perfect. As expected it does not come with a SIM card and had to go several locations to find the card needed. I recommend calling your Sprint Store and verifying they have the card before going and waiting in line only to find out they do not have the card needed for this phone.
Excellent phone. Good service from vendor. It was exactly as advertised. What more do you want!?!
Love the phone, I have no complaints about it. The seller, on the other hand, is questionable. This is a strange one, I admit. I bought the phone in October of 2015. It performed perfectly and I have been thrilled with the phone. In November of 2016 I contacted AT&T to have the phone unlocked. It seems there was still a balance owed on the phone. From AT&T: "You have not completed all the payments for your device according to your AT&T Next service agreement." So they won't unlock it.I contact the seller and I get this:"This phone was purchased over 395 days ago. We ask to be contacted within our 30 day return policy for any issues you encounter with the device. We are unable to assist you with unlocking this phone.Thank you,Kiley"Okay, I get it, I've owned the phone for a year. But do I own it or not? Why would they sell me a phone with a balance on it? One can speculate on how they acquired it or whether they cared to check to see if there was a balance on it, or whether they cared. I contacted customer service. While well intentioned, they seemed to not truly understand the problem and every email sent to me from them had a different foreign name on the signature and it seemed like the left hand didn't know what the right was doing. After I finally called and spoke to someone in person, also clearly not an English first speaker, they did send the seller a message telling them to refund me the money and a tag for returning the phone.No dice. The seller is stonewalling now. In one of the emails between myself and Amazon they offered me a one time $100 certificate so I guess I'll accept that and shut up. Still there seems to be no consequences for the seller, MyWit, selling a phone with a balance owed on it. Doesn't seem right to me. Do what you will with this info, folks.Great phone though.
Phone just like if it was brand new.
Very pleased with the product. I am a long time Android user. Bought an S5 active for the wife and saw how pleased she was. I believe this model is better as there are more cases, and wireless charging can be added. The product arrived in great shape. All the updates downloaded without complications.
Pretty much perfect, the only problem is the front camera quality isn't that great.
Everything works great on the phone and has met all expectstions.
Item was in great condition and functions perfect. As expected it does not come with a SIM card and had to go several locations to find the card needed. I recommend calling your Sprint Store and verifying they have the card before going and waiting in line only to find out they do not have the card needed for this phone.
Excellent phone. Good service from vendor. It was exactly as advertised. What more do you want!?!
Love the phone, I have no complaints about it. The seller, on the other hand, is questionable. This is a strange one, I admit. I bought the phone in October of 2015. It performed perfectly and I have been thrilled with the phone. In November of 2016 I contacted AT&T to have the phone unlocked. It seems there was still a balance owed on the phone. From AT&T: "You have not completed all the payments for your device according to your AT&T Next service agreement." So they won't unlock it.I contact the seller and I get this:"This phone was purchased over 395 days ago. We ask to be contacted within our 30 day return policy for any issues you encounter with the device. We are unable to assist you with unlocking this phone.Thank you,Kiley"Okay, I get it, I've owned the phone for a year. But do I own it or not? Why would they sell me a phone with a balance on it? One can speculate on how they acquired it or whether they cared to check to see if there was a balance on it, or whether they cared. I contacted customer service. While well intentioned, they seemed to not truly understand the problem and every email sent to me from them had a different foreign name on the signature and it seemed like the left hand didn't know what the right was doing. After I finally called and spoke to someone in person, also clearly not an English first speaker, they did send the seller a message telling them to refund me the money and a tag for returning the phone.No dice. The seller is stonewalling now. In one of the emails between myself and Amazon they offered me a one time $100 certificate so I guess I'll accept that and shut up. Still there seems to be no consequences for the seller, MyWit, selling a phone with a balance owed on it. Doesn't seem right to me. Do what you will with this info, folks.Great phone though.
Received on time and it worked great.
The Galaxy S5 was delivered on time and I'm happy with it. It's just what I expected.
Glitches here and there sometimes runs slow and doesn't read memory card
Great phone! Now I just have to learn it. Very user friendly for the most part. Love the camera, which was my main reason for getting it.
Dont hesitate to buy this phone, it is like brand new. Mine doesn't have a single scratch and it works perfect on my tmobile Carrier.
Great camera.
I got this phone two weeks ago because I dropped my S3 in water so it stopped working. I was really impressed when it came in perfect condition! It came in its box and it looks brand-new. No scratches or marks on it. The phone is fully functional and Metro PCS was able to make it work under their plan.
Packaged like a new phone with new battery, charger, earbuds, and SIM card. Looks brand new. Not a scratch anywhere. My old SIM card was too big so I used the one provided. A quick call to Verizon helped transfer my service to this new phone. Love this phone and all the features. Now I am trying to walk more as it records steps!
I received the phone two weeks ago, and thus far I love it. I haven't had any of the problems other reviewers wrote about. Thus far I am very pleased with the purchase and highly recommend it.
great phone
Products is packaged and looks like new. Outstanding value considering the phone and battery one year warranty
Works totally fine no problems.
Love it! Works perfect! Would recommend buying from this buyer again
There are enough reviews out there for the S5 so I'm going to focus more on the certified pre-owned part. The Verizon S5 I received looked brand new. everything was in the box, wrapped and unused. There were no scratches on the glass or plastic to be found. After I inserted my sim card from an S3, it booted right up and activated immediately. I added my Google account during the step by step startup and the phone proceeded to install all the apps that I had on the S3. I recommend using the Samsung smart switch program from the play store to switch your contacts and other files over to the new phone. This is the 6th Verizon- Samsung smartphone I've owned and I've never been disappointed.
Very pleasantly surprised. Definitely a factory refurb. Looked and pigs like new w/full documentation and registration from Samsung. When serial number ckd w/Verizon had never been activated. Only disappointment was it was listed on Amazon as new but when put in cart came up as previously owned. I ckd w/amazon before buying a day it was technically a refurb. Regardless a solute you new condition.
I'm very, very happy with this purchase. Refurbished is a scary word. It's hard to believe this wasn't a brand new phone. I suspect it was overstock or something. It looks to me like no one's ever touched it. It came in an original box with sealed, unused accessories. Then I was worried that maybe the battery was crap. But, it holds a charge like it's new and recharges exactly as expected. I chose this seller because the description was the closest to new (like new in original box) and they had a 98% satisfaction rating. It's a 16 GB phone, but I added the SD card so, no memory problems. There was a lot of software updating when first connected to the internet, but once done, away I went to the Verizon store to get activated (I guess you can do that from home, but I had to modify my plan). It's worked great since I've had it. Would buy again in a heartbeat (if I needed another S5).
I adore this phone!
Just like new. Couldn't tell that this was refurbished. Battery life is like new condition also. Synced and activated easily with no trouble.
The phone stopped working after 2 months but the seller worked with me and replaced the phone. Thank you Eric! After a month, the replacement phone is still working well. I can easily access the function of each app. The phone keeps a charge for a day or two depending on usage. The phone does not turn off unless I turn it off and it turns on as expected.
Very happy with this. I bought two, and both arrived in like-new condition. Came with all cords, battery, instructions, etc. Could not be more pleased.
LOVE IT!
I mau just be lucky, but this phone shows absolutely no evidence that it isn't new. There are no signs ow wear and everything works perfectly. In fact, it is better that the Galaxy S5 I lost. My previous phone (bought new) frequently had a dark band across the bottom of photos. Also, the USP port cover on my previous phone broke off after THREE DAYS of use. I was aware of the fact that it was fragile and I was being super careful with it and it only lasted three days. I've had this phone around three weeks and can find nothing wrong. It's the best phone I've ever owned.
I like this phone I have not had any problems at all
Description of the phone was on point
I was nervous about purchasing online and not directly from att, these were great and it was super easy to connect to network and transfer contacts by bringing it into a store. I would recommend going this route, saved a lot of money too.
My brother in law is very happy.
Great phone
Everything I expected and then some. Came as if it were brand new!!!!! Very excited
Phone works great!!!
don't update to lollipop cause that will make this phone lag and freeze. Keep it on kitkat!
So far I have not had any problems with mine and I love it!! The camera is amazing!!
I got this on warehouse deal. I love this phone. It got good camera. And gr8 signal reception. I am very very happy with this purchase.Btw, before buying this phone, I tried LG2, ASUS to save little money but that did not work, both are terrible phones in different aspects.I am glad I made up my mind little over budget but I tell u it is worth.
Excellent, working fine
Love it! Would not have known it was used.
I LOVE my new phone. I had a S3 that I pretty much destroyed due to dropping it. I'm surprised the phone held on as long as it did. ;-) So having this phone is amazing. The size of the screen is big enough that I'm not straining my eyes when I read on the Kindle app. I did have to go to t-mobile to have them transfer my contacts, otherwise I just put in my existing Sim card and was ready to use.
Excellent condition
After about a month, I don't really have any complaints. It looks brand new, it works fantastically.
Got it like a brand new phone.
No problems or issues with my phone. Happy with my purchase.
No problem whatsoever. Very happy.
Nice phone-The Samsung GalaxyS 5 is a nice phone. The phone is easy to use and to hold.(It's not heavy.) The phone has the same features as the GalaxyS 4.The only difference between the two phones is the GalaxyS 5 & the GalaxyS 4 is the fingerprint reader that the GalaxyS 5 has. The phone's battery power is ok. It has the standard galaxy apps.The phone does remind you to make sure that the battery cover is on and the connector door is closed. The only problem I had with the phone is the defective sim card that came with the phone. I put the sim card in the phone and the phone said surprise NO SIM CARD!!!!.I went to BestBuy Mobile and brought another 3 -in-1 sim card and it works fine.All I had to do is activate the sim card.All in all it's a nice phone for the price.
Indistinguishable from new. Very pleased.
The first phone I ordered did not function properly. The GPS could not find any satellites despite multiple diagnostic tests. After trying unsuccessfully to work with Samsung to get it replaced via the one-year warranty, I contacted Amazon. They sent me a replacement at no charge, even though the cost had gone up $100 since I purchased it. The new phone works perfectly.This phone is replacing my 2-year-old Samsung Galaxy s4, which I liked a lot and which was working without any issues. The only reason I changed phones was because we'd swapped providers. The phone came with brand new charger, earbuds, and cords, and was in an original Samsung box. It's in flawless condition, without so much as a scratch anywhere on it. You'd never know it was a refurbished phone. I keep it in an Otter box, which adds considerably to the bulk, but I'm clumsy and drop it constantly. It's worth the added bulk to protect my investment for the next few years. My husband also got an s5, which replaced his previous s5. He's also happy with his phone.
Android phones from carriers are laden with bloatware you can't get rid of. I know Verizon and the rest of them get paid for their bloatware laden phones, but for the consumer, having a phone with a fourth of the memory devoted to bloatware apps you can't remove is asinine. The phone did great while I had it and it has room for an expandable memory slot which would come in handy if the apps I downloaded could be moved. Most of the apps on my phone couldn't be moved to the SD card which is pretty useless.
I was leery of purchasing a refurbished phone, however, this has been perfect. No issues whatsoever, long battery life, and it charges quickly.
Just received it but so far it's good...!
Absolutely love this phone. It is perfect and and camera is amazing.
I brought refurbished one it arrived package like a brand new phone. No problems and I love this phone!
I love it.
Purchased this to use on a TracFone BYOP account. Had an LG L41C previously, but the 8GB device memory just wasn't enough. So, this gives me the 16GB memory + a 16GB SDHC card added to the phone extends that. Works very well on the TracFone system and had no problems activating it.
Hard to give anything a 5 but this phone is smooth and so much of a step up from my old Galaxy. I was considering a Samsung Note or a Iphone 6 plus but I liked the fact that this phone , while not water proof was at least water resistant and that it has a replaceable battery . Both things are getting hard to find. The fact that I am also a new T-mobile customer might be adding to my satisfaction. After Verizon for almost 30 years I felt that they hung me out to dry because I was grandfathered with unlimited data. They would not offer me a new phone or a decent priced plan so along come t-mobile and while I had to buy my phone the plan is over $100 a month cheaper and gives me more data than I use. Verizon could have kept me but like a lot of businesses they don't value their existing customers. I got a new phone that I love and trying a new service provider that is great so far.
Worked like a champ!
If you're replacing your old Galaxy S5 because you botched a repair or you just want a new one, do not hesitate to purchase one of the refurbished S5s. If you're purchasing the same model, just pull your OLD SIMcard and put it straight into the new phone, and your set. You can ignore the SIM that comes with the phone.The price sure beats the Verizon price of about $550 for a new phone.
Great!
Just recieved the phone 2 days ago, but so far its great. Exactly like a new phone. Even came with a SIM card for verizon. I was a little leary of ordering it but phone is from amazon/samsung and has 1 year warranty. Def glad i got it here and saved $200 over a new one from verizon.
Works as if it was new. good buy
Just like it was brand. Great phone.
Great phone! Looks and works like new and perfectly on my T-mobile network. Very happy with the purchase.
I love the phone and it works perfectly. The only problem I have is that the wrong power cord/cable was included. I do not know how to get that part replaced without sending the whole phone back. Would give it five stars if this were not the case. Would love to know how I can get a replacement cord.
new couldn't ask for more
So far I love my new phone! My old phone, an HTC sensation, was falling apart and my simple mobile prepaid service sucked. I got this phone and it came with a tmobile Sim card. I chatted online with a tmobile rep to transfer my number over to tmobile and my phone was working in 20min. I love how fast, bright, and easy this phone is to use. The speakers sound good too. Really great buy for $350!
Love it..like new..sweet..with 1 year warrantee and backed by amazon..what more do I need
Absolutely amazing!!!!! Came in new packaging and everythingI love this phone
Very happy with this phone.
No complaints whatsoever, operates like new.
Excellent phone. Nice battery life. It's a bit clunky and big but it's used for heavy-duty work so I really can't complain.
It's a nice phone, but don't take my word for it, do your research. I find it to be a little too big, and I am not thrilled with Samsung's TouchWiz android software. The battery life is amazing, and it takes less than 2 hours to fully charge the phone because of the usb 3.0 charging connection. The screen produces the clearest, richest, and sharpest picture I have ever seen on any mobile device. Plus this phone is extremely water resistant.
Im very happy with my phone thanks for the phone i plan no getting my mom one around Christmas
I bought this phone for my son. He loves it! It works great and is very easy to use. It replaced an old droid.
I was a little spooked about buying a pre-owned phone, especially online. But when I received my phone 2 days later I was ecstatic. It's gorgeous! It looks and acts brand new. I was going to order this phone on Samsung's website, but when I called with a few questions to their 800# they told me that the phone was on back-order, and even after they do get them in stock, it could be 7-10 days before the order is shipped. That is why I looked on here for the same exact phone.I used Amazon Prime and got the phone quickly and I couldn't be happier. With the 1 year warranty you really have nothing to lose.
Great
Phone works great and I am glad I purchased this phone.
Excellent phone. Very happy with product, satisfied customer.
Love this phone. Works great.
Great! Phone
WOW, what a great pocket computer !!! Also a phone !!! The screen is fantastic and everything runs very fast. It came "unlocked" as I had hoped and I simply registered to my MetroPCS account, no problem at all. It's a little bigger than my last phone so I'll have to get used to that, but otherwise I love it !!
Great, phone. In very good condition when I got it. I'm a little disappointed with the battery longevity, but overall satisfied with the purchase.
No blemishes. Looks and acts brand new.
came like new, great deal
Good price for this phone. I needed a replacement phone without breaking the bank.
Nice phone
It works fine as advertised. No damages and looks new!
Great Phone!! So pleased with the ease of setup, tech support, everything.. This is a certified refurbished phone, the box, contents, phone, all accessories were like new, excellent condition with a great warranty. I am very pleased with Samsung.. I highly recommend this product!
It looked brand new and worked brand new. Its a low price for an awesome phone.
This phone is great! Water resistant, big screen, sharp display, and fast woking! What is not to like! It fits great in my hand and I have security that if I drop it in water it will still work. It's great.
Phone was perfect for my needs. I was a bit nervous about it being Certified Pre-owned, but I quickly realized that these phones are not a bad deal. You get the same 1 year warranty as if it were new and if I had not been told it's Certified Pre-owned, I probably would not have known, LOL. The box is original OEM and all the accessories were OEM/original. There is a sticker on the front of the box that states it's Certified Pre-owned. Great bang for your buck here, Go for it if your thinking about buying this phone.
*******UPDATE********* Still works great and am starting to get into the health functions, like heart rate monitor and stress tester. Trying to get one for my wife who had a bad experience (still is) with an International version of the S4. The T-Mobile visual voice mail is a nice feature that apparently comes standard with Apple devices, but I'd much rather have this phone than any of the iPhones........enjoyI've had the phone 4 days and other than it initially hemming up new download applications while it was attempting to load a ton of previously installed google play applications from my old phone (definitely recommend stopping all downloads and manually download and/or update only a couple at a time), it's running great!!! I was worried initially because while it was downloading a ton of apps, when I would move my fingers toward the top of the screen it would start to glitch, but have not had that issue since - of note, an S4 I purchased seems to have the issue where you move your hand anywhere near the top of the screen and it shuts down the screen - think it might be a hardware issue, but could be a software issue related to shutting the screen off when making phone calls that is doing the same thing in other applications.....Any rate, this phone came in new packaging, looks and feels brand new, and has some really great features compared to my old S3. The phone's operating system takes up about 4 Gigs, which appears to be standard, but it did some really helpful things automatically like changing my phone storage and picture storage preferences to my micro SD card and asking if I wanted to keep that setting. Battery charges fully in 1-2 hours depending on how low you drain it. I typically will charge once it gets to 10-20%, but even when it was down to 5-7% it charged in no more than 2 hours. Plugging the charger into the phone in the dark is a task, but I'm hoping the wireless charging kit I bought will alleviate that issue.I only gave this 4 stars because it's way too early to give it 5 stars. If all is well after a month or two, it will be well deserving of 5 stars.
Love it! Perfect condition.
This phone works great. there was nothing wrong with package at all. Not once have I had an problem with it.
Love this phone. upgraded to 128K. never one issue.
would buy it again
It is a great phone. I've had no problems with it. The only disappointment is the fact that you advertised it as 'new'.....Otherwise I am very happy with the product.
love it
I would have given them 5 stars, but there was a bit of a hiccup. However, overall I am very happy. The phone arrived on time (within 2 days). There is no damage. The charger is in tact. It loaded right up no problems. There was a hiccup, but seller worked very diligently to help resolve the issue. The issue was resolve. The phone is perfect. I am very satisfied.
I ordered this phone on Dec 2 and it arrived (from VA to HI!) on Dec 5, in all original Samsung packaging. Hard to believe it was used as it looks and acts like a brand new, and everything was sealed in what looked like new Samsung plastic bags, screen cover, etc. The phone came with original Samsung charger, headset, instructions, 12-month warranty. It was easy to set up and has worked perfectly since I received it. I love it.
Description of the phone was on point
I was nervous about purchasing online and not directly from att, these were great and it was super easy to connect to network and transfer contacts by bringing it into a store. I would recommend going this route, saved a lot of money too.
My brother in law is very happy.
Great phone
Everything I expected and then some. Came as if it were brand new!!!!! Very excited
Phone works great!!!
don't update to lollipop cause that will make this phone lag and freeze. Keep it on kitkat!
So far I have not had any problems with mine and I love it!! The camera is amazing!!
I got this on warehouse deal. I love this phone. It got good camera. And gr8 signal reception. I am very very happy with this purchase.Btw, before buying this phone, I tried LG2, ASUS to save little money but that did not work, both are terrible phones in different aspects.I am glad I made up my mind little over budget but I tell u it is worth.
Received on time and it worked great.
The Galaxy S5 was delivered on time and I'm happy with it. It's just what I expected.
Glitches here and there sometimes runs slow and doesn't read memory card
Great phone! Now I just have to learn it. Very user friendly for the most part. Love the camera, which was my main reason for getting it.
Dont hesitate to buy this phone, it is like brand new. Mine doesn't have a single scratch and it works perfect on my tmobile Carrier.
Great camera.
I got this phone two weeks ago because I dropped my S3 in water so it stopped working. I was really impressed when it came in perfect condition! It came in its box and it looks brand-new. No scratches or marks on it. The phone is fully functional and Metro PCS was able to make it work under their plan.
No problem whatsoever. Very happy.
Nice phone-The Samsung GalaxyS 5 is a nice phone. The phone is easy to use and to hold.(It's not heavy.) The phone has the same features as the GalaxyS 4.The only difference between the two phones is the GalaxyS 5 & the GalaxyS 4 is the fingerprint reader that the GalaxyS 5 has. The phone's battery power is ok. It has the standard galaxy apps.The phone does remind you to make sure that the battery cover is on and the connector door is closed. The only problem I had with the phone is the defective sim card that came with the phone. I put the sim card in the phone and the phone said surprise NO SIM CARD!!!!.I went to BestBuy Mobile and brought another 3 -in-1 sim card and it works fine.All I had to do is activate the sim card.All in all it's a nice phone for the price.
Indistinguishable from new. Very pleased.
The first phone I ordered did not function properly. The GPS could not find any satellites despite multiple diagnostic tests. After trying unsuccessfully to work with Samsung to get it replaced via the one-year warranty, I contacted Amazon. They sent me a replacement at no charge, even though the cost had gone up $100 since I purchased it. The new phone works perfectly.This phone is replacing my 2-year-old Samsung Galaxy s4, which I liked a lot and which was working without any issues. The only reason I changed phones was because we'd swapped providers. The phone came with brand new charger, earbuds, and cords, and was in an original Samsung box. It's in flawless condition, without so much as a scratch anywhere on it. You'd never know it was a refurbished phone. I keep it in an Otter box, which adds considerably to the bulk, but I'm clumsy and drop it constantly. It's worth the added bulk to protect my investment for the next few years. My husband also got an s5, which replaced his previous s5. He's also happy with his phone.
Android phones from carriers are laden with bloatware you can't get rid of. I know Verizon and the rest of them get paid for their bloatware laden phones, but for the consumer, having a phone with a fourth of the memory devoted to bloatware apps you can't remove is asinine. The phone did great while I had it and it has room for an expandable memory slot which would come in handy if the apps I downloaded could be moved. Most of the apps on my phone couldn't be moved to the SD card which is pretty useless.
I was leery of purchasing a refurbished phone, however, this has been perfect. No issues whatsoever, long battery life, and it charges quickly.
Just received it but so far it's good...!
Sturdy design, easy to use, and reliable
Perfect phone, good price. I won't ever buy another phone on contract.
Phone good. Charger didn't work. Delivered later than stated by one business day.
Thank you was not disappointed and so far working great!
Love it!
Love my S5. Went from an S4 to an S5. I like the S5 a little better because the screen is bigger. And you can get a SUPCASE for an S5,
I finally had to upgrade from a Motorola Razar (pink), due to the industry doing away with 2G service, to a 4G phone. Its pretty. Its fun. I am becoming addicted.
Replacement phone - works just like the original that it replaced.
I would highly recommend this company to do businessential with. Even when I had an issue they were on top of it no questons asked. Great product Excellent customer serivice
Sturdy design, easy to use, and reliable
great
It was bought for my son and he is happy with it
Excellent condition.
Battery doesn't last very long.
I love my new Samsung S6.
I had the S5 and wanted to get used to the S6 before the S7 comes out. I have to wait until December to upgrade but I love my S6.
This phone is amazing! I was initially very scared to order this because when it did it had no reviews for it but I'm glad I did! I've had it for about two months and it works amazing. I can honestly say this is the best phone I ever owned. It was easy to connect it with straight talk and I definitely do not regret my purchase
I was a bit nervous to buy from a non carrier, but this Galaxy has been a beautiful experience. I have waited to write a review to give the phone some time to perform. The downside was I thought the packaging for such a high priced item was scarce and it was rolling around a bit when it arrive. Since it was branded with Verizon I felt comfortable walking in my Verizon Store and asking for the transfer of my old phone to the new one. My Verizon store was awesome and gave me the card I needed to get started. Specific to the Galaxy S6 I wish that when the phone is charging the screen would go dark, but I just touch the button on the side and it does it.
Lots of complements from others, even Verizon Rep. My kid is envious so I may have to get her one from same manufacture in couple of months!
Works great!
worked great but had to return it because it wasnt compatible with my carrier
It works perfectly. Until this moment I don't regret about this buy.
Amazing phone. Great condition. Absolutely worth the price!
Great phone!
I love my new phone!
Phone looks and works like now, not single scratch. Seller is awesome great communication
I've been using this phone for about 2 weeks since upgrading myself from an IPhone 5c and I am beyond glad I switched to android. Not knocking iOS, but I definitely prefer android and the camera on this phone is gorgeous!
I got my phone yesterday and had to get a straight talk activation kit just to get a new min sim the phone works great and came in new condition doesn't even look used and it came with the right charger as well it charges great and can keep a charge all day almost
This phone met our expectations. Transferring my phone number to this phone at Verizon was easy.
Works perfectly and arrived quickly
Phone has been awesome!
Great price and value very happy
looks like new, i have the impression that the battery drains faster then my older Galaxy S6, not really a complain
I have had no problems with this phone. I even dropped it into a sink full of water one time and when I took it out the phone acted up. I blew it out with an air tool and let it sit (not in rice) on my counter for two days and when I turned it on it worked flawlessly. There is no signs of damage and nothing is weird. The phone is reliable and the picture is amazing. This phone has better graphics than my computer. There is so many cool things you can do with this phone, and it's super easy to use.I definitely think this is a worthy purchase.
Great product... Still enjoying it. I will be back to purchase again!!!
Just like new. Went to the Verizon store and hooked it up without a hitch.
Delivered and performed as advertised
Works great, not a scratch on it. I use Straight Talk Verizon and I didn't have any issues switching my number over.
Mine arrived in really good condition, like new, no scratches, very minor wear. I bought a SIM card for Straight Talk Wireless at the store, followed the instructions, and now I'm paying a lot less per month than I was under contract. So far, so good. Will update if anything unexpected happens during use.
First phone I received had a bad charging port (Charger wouldn't stay connected to the phone), sent the phone back for a replacement and the replacement was shipped very quickly back to me. Replacement works great!
It is good. charger is samsung charger
Only reason it is not five out of five stars is because the battery on this phone doesn't last as long as my other galaxy s6 phone. Other than that it is truly perfect, not one scratch etc.
I had the S5 and wanted to get used to the S6 before the S7 comes out. I have to wait until December to upgrade but I love my S6.
This phone is amazing! I was initially very scared to order this because when it did it had no reviews for it but I'm glad I did! I've had it for about two months and it works amazing. I can honestly say this is the best phone I ever owned. It was easy to connect it with straight talk and I definitely do not regret my purchase
I was a bit nervous to buy from a non carrier, but this Galaxy has been a beautiful experience. I have waited to write a review to give the phone some time to perform. The downside was I thought the packaging for such a high priced item was scarce and it was rolling around a bit when it arrive. Since it was branded with Verizon I felt comfortable walking in my Verizon Store and asking for the transfer of my old phone to the new one. My Verizon store was awesome and gave me the card I needed to get started. Specific to the Galaxy S6 I wish that when the phone is charging the screen would go dark, but I just touch the button on the side and it does it.
Works great!
great
It was bought for my son and he is happy with it
Excellent condition.
Battery doesn't last very long.
I love my new Samsung S6.
Awesome works wonderfull jus one thing needs a nano sim card a heads up
PHONE WORKS AMAZING ON METRO PC. This is a real s6. shipping was fast
Great phone!
Screen resolution is so vivid and bright. i love ny new phone. So happy I purchased it. The fact that it does not have a memory card slot or removable battery does not bother me. I don't think I will use up more than 32G of memory.
Great phone got it the next day!
The Samsung Galaxy S6 has been the best phone experience I have ever had and that means a lot. Personally I never ever stick with a phone for maybe more than 1 month. I'm constantly watching youtube videos and then buying the phone they talk about. But with the Samsung S6 I get all of those phone in one smooth and very beautiful phone. I love this phone and if you get this phone I promise you will too. BUY THIS PHONE.
Great phone. The packaging did not appear to be tampered with and once my SIM card was cut to the right size I was able to use the phone right away.
just perfect...
Very happy with the phone. Brand new and everything came with it
Everything great. Works great in mexico. I love it.
Very happy with my perches
Very nice
Bought 1 for my wife...we're both happy 😜
Works wonderfully, arrived quickly and in great condition. Wouldn't hesitate to buy again.
Nice
Great phone!!!
Very nice phone. Failed to work with fingerprint and Samsung Pay. Works very good on everything else.
Nice upgrade from my s3. Using with Straight Talk so far works as expected.
Great cellphone
Absolutely love the phone.
A smooth modern design with a great camera make this phone a stunner.
Good phone. Wish battery life was better.
I love this phone..I need to get used to all the stuff on it..went from a flip phone to this. love the photos..thanks
Exactly what I ordered. The phone works perfectly.
Nice phone, no battery issues.
Genial
Like this so far. Not anymore. Defective. Hangs. Drop calls. Losses internet. I thought the problem was the provider but change provider ever since and still the same.
Good
good
I needed a new phone ASAP and i bought this from Amazon Warehouse expecting something to be wrong with it aesthetically as was listed in the description. The phone is PERFECT! No scratches, no imperfections and has a cool couple of tricks. Gold is beautiful and I'm happy i got it. Rapid charger is amazing and it keeps charge pretty much the whole day.
Excelent phone
very good
very good ,my wife she like it
I love it so far@!!
i absolutely love m y new phone.. the sellers shipping was pretty slow, however the item is just as it said it was.. i ordered this in gold.. and the correct thing came,.. it is unlocked that means i get to use it with any network i want.. Only thing is that you need a micro-sim car, the very tine ones like what iphone uses. As for functionality, the phone is super fast and smooth,, it has no sticking no glitches NOTHING.. this is the best phone ever!! the camera quality is absolutely gorgeous, i feel like taking a million selfies a day... this is the phone to buy people
The phone is perfect and the delivery was fast thank you
Works perfect at colombia with movistar
All right. No problems.
Awesome, love amazon!
Buy it. Camera is great. Very responsive. A little bit too much of pre-installed apps but otherwise great. Battery goes for 4-5 hours of "full" use. Battery life is enough for whole day with regular use.
OMG ALL PERFECT
Great product, item as described, great seller, fast shipping!
thank you
I love my new phone......Thank you!
Best phone my wife has had to date.
It doesn't work out of network
I am in love with this phone so many fun features
Excellent
excellent product
Very good qaulity phone.
This is great everything is as stated no problems !
Very good
This was a gift for my mother and she absolutley loved the phone because it looks beautiful, the screen size isnt obsesively big like most phablets today and it takes amazing pictures.Makes an awesome gift.
Fantastic product, arrived in time and everything was factory sealed. I wish the battery lasted longer, but that's another story.
I got my phone within the 2 days they promised. It is everything they described. Nice phone, however I had to get used to the programs. My camera did not have any modes other than panorama or auto. FYI, if you see that is the case, all you need to do is change the display from easy start to the other tab. Now I have all types of mode and downloads for my camera.Really love the phone and the company I bought it from was just as prompt with my concerns.
great phone
Love the phone, but knocked a star off for not being waterproof. That would have been a killer feature and why Samsung went backwards on this is beyond me.
fast, comfortable, beautiful
Very nice smart phone. Easy to use and works flawlessly.
Great phone. I liike it.
Perfect
I absolutely love this galaxy s6 phone. Is is unlocked, and is NOT a fake. I chose to get this one and not the edge or edge plus because I have small hands and have heard lots of complaints of touching apps when not wanting to.
Phone was able to connect to T mobile fine and gets 4g lte. Needs a nano sim card to connect.
very good
Great product just as described and fast shipping!
Excelente
I had no problem using this in a U.S. Territory. It is what it is. The phone is of great quality. The phone came with S6 packaging with the white box and all accessories included. The S6 has not given me any difficulties.
Slim phone and have Good primary camera.
Good
Excelent!!!
I love it
Samsung 6s phone is great. Love, love, love it.
Nice phone and I would recommend to buy. Has advanced features. I like this phone.
Only bad thing about this product was that it did not come with a factory USB samsung cable. It was some kind of vietnam made cable, and rather than charge my phone, it would have the lightning bolt like it was charging, but it absolutely would not charge. I had to charge it in my car last night to get my phone to charge. Other than that, phone works pretty well
Everything ok
Im in love with this phone. I was surprised to learn that there wasnt a need for a sd card.
Perect
I love my phone
Yes it did
Excelente
I've been using it for one month already and great so far
Love it thank you so much. My daughter has her own phone back
Amazing phone it's as fast and snappy as a phone can get. The battery life is not the best but is not bad at all. TouchWiz is much better in this generation and if you don't like how it looks you can change it all with a theme.
This is shahana hashem.Something wrong with my phone.I need to change my phone
So far so good. I really like this phone. After a short learning curve from my old S2 it is a very good phone. No issues, good battery life, excellent video and camera. Very satisfied after 1 month.
Excellent phone
Awesome phone
Excellent!
Awesome Phone
all was according to the expectation
awesome i can't believe i got it
Top of the line cell phone. Met all my expectations. Very well priced. Having a blast with this phone!
Ordered this with some concerns. When I received it there were no problems. It was in an original box with an original seal. The box said it was international but the product is unlocked and works with Att, cricket, metro, and t mobile
L O V E
It completes with the latest Apple can offer.
The phone came brand new....However I think something is wrong...there are always connection issues.mim always sounding muffled, the connection always break up... I fist thought it was my location, but when I found it happens all the time no matter where I am, I tested the connection with another phone. It tu no out my phone as an issue. I'm no expert but I was told maybe it has to do with the unlocking of the phone... I also found it can get hot when the battery is dying as well...
Very nice
All ok. Perfect. Thanks for all
Good!!!!
Ok!
Great buy. Item as described.
Excellent Phone came with Original packaging, unbroken seal. Brand new, not a fake.The Good: The camera is better than some expensive SLRs. The camera is worth the price of the phone just my opinion. Comes with fast charger, I also use a QI wireless charging pad works excellent with the phone in a case. Good speed and power (3G of Ram), no lag, Lollipop is excellent. telephone, sound, music all great. Display is the best I've seen, bright and crisp. I can read the screen in direct sunlight. It can run split screens (with most apps) is another cool feature. Iv'e had some fun with "Google talk back", has really improved with lollipop. Not a lot of bloatware. It has a battery optimizer function, I tested it, battery life was over 15 hours gets me well thru my day. I'm using on cricket wireless, I'm sure it will also work on tmobil and at&t.The Bad: noneDislikes: Screen turns completely on when I receive a text rather than just a drop down status bar, I'm looking for a cure. Smart stay: keeps the screen on as long as your looking at it is great but doesn't work well in low light, bright light or for those who wear glasses.Other: Shipping, If you want it quick use two day shipping. I'm not a fan of fedex smartpost.Would I buy again or recommend to a friend? Absolutely!6 month update: Phone is still 5 stars, maybe faster now than when was new.Cons: No Samsung Pay with this model and Samsung Pay is not compatible. I've read mixed inputs as to if ever available for this model SM- 920I
Nice Phone. Looks completely new.Came with charger, earphones, and screen protecter.Very satisfied.
Really like this cellphone. The screen is brilliant and this phone is probably the fastest android phone I have ever used. The fast charge feature really works. I haven't measured it but it gets to a full charge very quickly. The downside? Battery life stinks. With moderate use, by the time 6pm rolls around Its down to about 25% charge.
I have never purchased an unlocked phone and I was very skeptical. The phone arrived a little ahead of schedule. The box, packaging and items inside were intact I wanted to use this phone on StraightTalk. I went to Wal-Mart and purchased the starter kit, inserted the correct sim card and started the setup process. The phone has been working perfectly. The number ported over within 10 minutes and I am totally happy. This has turned out to be a good experience and a great phone. I am glad that I did the research and purchased the G920i. The phone is average size but it has good features.
Was Skeptical about buying this phone but it turned out to be exactlyyy what I wanted!! GREAT PRODUCT!! AND FAST SHIPPING!
great phone I love it
The main reason I chose this phone was speed, and S6 has that in spades. I write software for a living and tried many things to keep my old phone fast, yet despite sticking with Android 2.3.3 and refusing to update apps or install much of anything, web browsing had become an act of click a link and wait 1-5 minutes for it to load, then the screen would stall repeatedly as I tried to scroll through to read the page. If I had to click another link, the waiting process began again. Although other apps on the phone were reasonably fast, web sites had bloated enough that browsing was intolerable with a phone released in 2010 and many sites would not function correctly unless I updated the browser and made things even slower. The same sites on S6 work great, are nearly instant to load, and there's no lag at any time. It's amazing.I went from a Google G1 to G2 (HTC Vision) because I didn't want to lose a physical keyboard, but I'm happy to say that the screen on the S6 is so large that I have no problem typing accurately without a physical keyboard. The screen clarity and resolution are insane. Some big-name reviewers claim there's no point in having so much resolution, but it's really a joy to see tiny, clear labels with extra info in various apps, to look at photos with absolutely no pixelation, and to remote-control other computer screens with no loss of detail. The S6 at 2560x1440 pixels has more resolution than my desktop monitor at 1920x1200!The camera is even more impressive with its 5312x2988 max resolution. It's got enough res to virtually zoom in to 8x during photo or video recording without complete loss of detail. The camera beats my Canon Vixia HF100 1080p camcorder by a mile with better resolution and much more detail in the lightest and darkest areas. Big review sites say this is pretty much the best phone camera on the market and it's nice to always have a good camera with you for unexpected shots. Even the focus speed is far faster than the camcorder and the phone has a built-in ability to do awesome things like stitching panoramic shots together as you pan the phone across a landscape or taking shots with multiple focus points and combining them to make everything clear. Of course the camcorder can still zoom farther with optical zoom to catch distant wildlife so the phone isn't a complete replacement for it.Review sites consistently say the big negatives on the S6 are its battery and its delicate glass and aluminum construction. The construction can be fixed with a case like Spigen Capsule Ultra Rugged, but I was surprised to find the battery can also be fixed with a few tweaks that weren't mentioned by all those big professional review sites. During the phone's initial setup screens I chose to set up a Google account, but did not set up a Samsung account or enable any Samsung features it gave options for. I also declined sending usage/diagnostic info to Samsung or Google. The first night I went to bed with the phone fully charged and pretty much only stock software installed and it was down to 56% the next morning. Terrible! Using Settings > Applications > Application Manager, I disabled the following apps and battery drain went from around 44% that first night to 3% the next night!ANT Radio Service, ANT+ Plugins Service, Briefing, Dropbox, Facebook, Gmail, Google Partner Setup, Google Play Books, Google Play Games, Google Play Movies & TV, Google Play Music, Google Play Newstand, Google+, Hangouts, Instagram, Live Weather, Memo, OneDrive, Photo Screensavers, Print Spooler, S Health, S Voice, Samsung Galaxy, Samsung Link Platform Connect, Theme Store, Virtual tour, Weather DaemonBased on what I've read, these are all safe apps to disable. In fact, unless you root the phone, I don't think the phone will let you disable anything unsafe because the disable button was greyed out on about half the things I looked at. Now I don't know which of the above apps are the real battery hogs, so if you see something up there you actually want to use, hopefully it won't kill your battery to enable it. The phone also comes with a "Smart Manager" app where you can click "RAM", then "Manage Apps" tab and set particular apps to be killed 10 minutes after the screen is turned off. So if you find a particular app is killing your idle battery, adding it to the list might help. It doesn't look like you can add any of the stock software to the "auto stop" list, unfortunately, but maybe if some of the things above were enabled they would appear on the list.Over the next few days I installed all my usual apps, including Avast! antivirus which I was worried about, and the phone remains blazing fast and still loses almost nothing with the screen off. In fact I think it was 73% when I went to bed and 73% when I got up this morning. Batteries don't lose power linearly so it doesn't seem unreasonable that it's sticking in the 70s.I kind of wish they'd have given it a larger battery anyway, since most of its competitors have larger batteries, but that would have added to the weight and for my use, the current battery seems to be more than enough. I don't go out a lot or spend much time using my phones, but when I do have a bit of down time, it will be nice to browse the web without the horrible lag. The other thing that worries me is previous phone batteries have always swollen after 2-3 years and forced me to replace them. This is mostly due to bad phone hardware not limiting the battery charge so extra current just gradually damages and swells the battery. I eventually worked around it using Tasker to turn the charger on/off using an X10 module and keep the phone between 70-80% charge. I've had zero swollen batteries since then and will do the same thing with the S6. But for those that always leave it on the charger to keep it at 100% most of the time, I'm worried the battery will swell and crack the glass back of the phone. Hopefully Samsung has set the charger system up to prevent that but it was a big problem with my last two phones. I recommend trying not to leave the phone near 100% charge just in case.Another reason I wish they'd put in a bigger battery is that the phone would be thicker and they wouldn't need to leave the camera sticking out of the back. Having the camera like that is ridiculous and forces everyone to buy a case that protrudes enough to protect the camera from slapping down on a hard surface and cracking. That camera is definitely by biggest fear when it comes to damaging this phone and I'm sorely tempted to buy a case that covers the back with thick rubber right up to near the edge of the camera. Yet that ruins the beauty of the phone's back so the camera design just sucks. I've never bothered with cases on my previous phones because I so rarely drop them, although they've each survived a few falls over the years, but the S6 looks so fragile I ended up using Spigen Neo Hybrid EX to give it some protection and to prevent the camera from contacting a table surface when the phone is on its back. The case has feet at all four corners that give it enough thickness to prevent the camera touching, but if any of the small feet end up off the table the camera still touches, which is annoying. I had to add extra padding to CHOETECH QI Wireless Charging Pad to keep the camera from scraping on it.If you do need a bigger battery there are cases you can buy with a battery built in. Such cases do add weight and usually block the wireless charging ability of the phone, though it would make sense if they developed a battery case that could charge itself wirelessly.Fast charging:I doubt I'll use it much, but the phone comes with a special "adaptive fast charger" that will take the phone from 5% to about 50% in 30 minutes by dumping in 9V instead of the usual 5V. Charging speed is reduced the closer the phone gets to full. The fast charger is supposed to detect what it's connected to and operate at 5V on normal devices, but I read that someone plugged it in to a PS4 controller and fried the controller. They repeated the experiment 3 more times (dishonestly returning the broken controllers to the store to exchange for new ones) and it happened every time. Of course, maybe the guy was lying to get attention or had a defective fast charger, but he sounded serious so I figured I'd pass on the warning not to risk using the fast charger on anything other than the phone.Wireless charging:Samsung seems to have put its charging coil at a slightly non-standard height in the phone because every upright wireless charger I looked at had complaints that the S6 would only charge on its side or upside down. The CHOETECH charger I link above had the fewest complaints, but the phone still doesn't always link with it in the upright position. Interestingly, when I added the Spidgen bumper "case" to the phone, it connects to the charger with pretty much 100% reliability so maybe Samsung had their thinking cap on assuming almost nobody would use the phone without a case and they positioned the charging coil so it's appropriate only with a case. Still, I think the coil is barely within alignment tolerances and so the phone charges slowly. Also note that although I've seen sellers of wireless chargers claim they can "fast charge" the phone, the charging coil in the phone is not physically able to take in power as quickly as the 9V wired fast charger can put out. In fact, I've seen complaints that wireless charging can't always keep up with the amount of power this phone uses to play video or do other things with the screen on. I have a feeling that's because the charging coils aren't aligning well and/or the phone hasn't been tweaked to limit the amount of background crap it's constantly doing with some apps.Rooting:Samsung has special hardware protection that will permanently mark your phone as compromised if you root it using most methods, though there are some ways around it. When your phone gets marked, they call it "blowing the KNOX fuse" and supposedly if that happens you can't use Samsung Pay and your warranty might be voided. I've rooted my previous two phones but haven't generally found the extra "powers" to be useful so I'm leaning towards leaving the S6 stock.Thumb-print scanner:This is a very cool way of protecting your phone from unwanted users, although it's really a false sense of security. It will likely guard against friends or family mucking with your phone, but a thief (or a techie friend/family) can reboot the phone holding power, volume up, and home button to enter a bootloader mode where they can overwrite the boot loader and get at the phone's data. So the thumb scanner and the "find lost device" features might slow or stop someone who doesn't know what they're doing, but a real thief will turn off the phone as soon as they have it and never boot it to let you find it again. Anyway, the thumb scanner itself is decent but I seem to hit it at the wrong angle at least a third of the time and have to carefully move my thumb to be perfectly straight and centered on the scanner. I thought maybe if I moved my thumb to various slight angles and off center during thumb print training it might help but it seemed to make it worse. Then I thought maybe I could set up three versions of my thumb - straight on, slightly left, slightly right - but you can only program four finger prints total. So I trained it for both my thumbs and one index plus one for my wife. It's a disappointing limitation. Using the thumb scanner is reasonably fast when it works, but it feels slower than a simple pattern I used with my old phone, so I'm not sure if I'll stick with it.You can wake the phone by pressing the thumb scanner button but if you don't lift your thumb off and put it back down after pressing the button, it never scans it as a valid thumb print. This is very annoying. We also discovered that if you fail to scan your thumb too many times, the phone locks down and _requires_ you to type the backup password. I'm not sure how many failed attempts turn on lockdown, but my wife caused it to happen on a trip when she repeatedly unlocked the phone to take photos. If you don't have your unlock password memorized and it's written on a paper at home, this could ruin a trip. This "feature" is even more annoying in that it doesn't say the phone has disabled the thumb scanner. Instead it shows the normal lock screen but when you put your thumb down it does nothing - no unlock and no vibrate to indicate it didn't recognize your thumb. I thought maybe my thumb scanner had broken but after typing the unlock password it's worked fine for days.In "Settings > Lock screen and security > Secure lock settings > Smart lock" you can enable other methods of unlocking the phone. These include saying "OK Google" in your voice, having the phone at a particular known GPS location, having the phone paired to a trusted bluetooth device (car, watch, etc), or having the phone up against an NFC (Near Field Communication) sticker. Of course, if you tell the phone to remain unlocked when near your watch, and a thief demands your watch and your phone, well... You can also tell the phone not to lock as long as you're holding it or have it in your pocket. I have no idea how it knows when you're holding it or have it in your pocket, but the description of the feature claims it knows that somehow."Gold" vs "Platinum Gold" color:The Amazon listing shows a choice of Gold vs Platinum Gold color. I picked "Gold" and was excited to finally be getting a gold phone, but the box that arrived showed "Platinum Gold". ARGH! Researching online, it appears the S6 is only made in 3 colors: Black, white, and platinum gold. So the "Gold" option on Amazon is a mistake. The phone has a hint of gold to it in certain lights but most of the time it looks silver and the gold tone is never more than subtle.Overall an amazing phone. Screen and camera quality are perfect. My only complaints are smaller than average battery and the camera that sticks out the back. For my uses, the battery size doesn't matter. If I ever crack the camera due to its ridiculous sticky-outy design, I'll probably come back and knock a couple stars, but for now I'm happy.
Both phones are working excellent. At the beginning we were a bit concerned of buying two phones that were supposed to be used in Argentina, buy now I will change them again in the same way we did it thid time
Excellent. .100%
Everything ok
My phone was great love it
Well I received my phone today and by reading the reviews last night I was extremely worried so when my phone came I checked my phone step by step based on the reviews. for example: 1. The package/seal was NOT broken. 2. It was UNLOCKED. 3. Phone language was in ENGLISH. 3. My phone is a REAL Samsung S6. 4. Phone works GREAT on Cricket network. 5. My camera front and back WORKS GREAT. So based on the reviews I did NOT experienced non of that (THANK GOD) I LOVE MY NEW PHONE.....
Met all expectations
love it! great buying experience....
Amazing cellphone, it is a 6 stars in every aspect.
My phone is sleek and cool. I really love it. Shipping was very fast. For the price I am really happy with this purchase.
Hands down a great phone all issues fix from s5. Such as finger print scanner ( no more swiping), battery life is way better, Screen quality is also improved it also feature an ir blaster.Model sm-G920I is not compatible with Samsung pay but it not a big deal android pay works just fine.This model as far as I know it only works with gsm carriers a&tt and t- mobile. Maybe with cdma with a few tricks. Because mine was picking up signal without the SIM in the phone. If I get it to work ill post an update.
I love this phone. It came in the mail very quickly. And it's really easy to use. I got it in white.
I am very happy with my s6
Phone works great!! Super fast delivery. Thanks
Just great.
amazing
Very good
This phone is awesome! As far as I can tell it works just fine. I had ordered one before just like it, but sent it back because some of the letters on the keyboard didn't respond when you pushed them. Return was super easy, and now I have this one, and I love it!
I guess my only complaint so far is the battery life, hopefully Android 6.0 will improve it a bit. Overall great phone!
Got in time. So far working great. It comes with a headphone, a sim extracting pin, and a regular wired charger. It does not come with a charging base, which needs to be bought separately.
Excellent! I recommend it
I got it less than a month ago and so far it's good
No words! This phone is amazing.
I've only used it for about three days but I think it should get six stars, I really like it. My previous phone was a Galaxy s3 and while it worked well, it had some quirks that irritated me. One was the way I had to close web pages. This phone fixed that, closing web pages is a snap. I use this on TMobile, via Walmart Family Talk with unlimited talk, text, and data and switching phones on the account was painless. The only glitch was this phone uses the Nano Sim Card but a quick trip to Walmart and $20.00 solved that. Well satisfied.
Great Product.
Haven't been able to use ir yet, as I'm waiting for the sim card, but its original as I coud see, which is the most important thing. Bought it for my husband, I already have the s6 edge and I love it so, I guess it'll be much like that.the only bad thing it has, is the battery, it doesn't last long, its the only critic I can do. Hear that's something they solved with the new model, the S7, but I haven't tried that one yet.
I love it! great price!
This phone has the best camera I have ever seen on a phone. It has replaced so many gadgets in my purse. Samsung did everything right when making this phone. I will hold on to it until it dies on me.
Quality and battery is good.
So far so good. Only issue is that the battery drains virtually quickly even though I don't have many apps installed. Also the camera quality isn't A1. Other than that, very good phone. Shipping was quick and easy. Phone didn't come with any seals broken or scratches. I'm a happy customer
It's so worth every penny.
I bought this phone for my father, and I can honestly say it is a good phone. Sure I'm a bit biased, being an apple person and all, but the camera quality was excellent, and the phone itself was beautiful!
Extremely happy with my new phone, has everything that I was looking for and boy is it fast
This was a great phone but was programmed in Spanish ... had to be returned for that reason. Someone dropped the ball by not checking before shipping to customer needing English programmed device. (Very disappointing)
Una maravilla
I am very happy with this phone. The price was great, too!
beatiful, work great. fast, especially the camera. so many camera function that u never find in any Iphone. I love the surround shot, live broadcast, wide angle selfie. awesome smartphone
It's a bit slow, which is disappointing because it obviously didn't cost 100 bucks. Speaker isn't great either. Very pretty overall, but that's it.
Excelente
If you wanted a gold galaxy s6, this is the perfect one. There's no other better.
I love it
So good!
Everynthing good, super fast shipping
This item was just as I suspected, I was kind of skeptical thinking it wasn't real because of the price but man am I glad I purchased.
Great phone no issues for me
Gratis timing! It arrived perfectly. I was on vacation but live in argentina, It works perfect here. I lo ve this phone! ! And gold color is such elegant and delicate color'
perfect
Broken seal, but who gives a crap! It works perfectly. Excellent phone, at an excellent price.
very good
The Samsung Galaxy S6 is an incredible android phone.
Great product from an amazing seller. It arrived earlier than expected and the packaging was perfect and safe. Great choice and price for buying an unlocked Galaxy S6.
No problems, just what I was looking for. Great size, shape and overall feel in the hand. Just like an iPhone but better. Recommend getting the cordless charging station - it makes charging so easy and also helps me keep track of the phone so I dont leave it around the house and lose it. I initially liked the fingerprint ID to unlock but found that I use my hands so much that it became less reliable. That's my only disappointment. Other than that, lightning fast and high quality from Samsung. Highly recommend.
Excelent. I recomend.
I was a bit apprehensive ordering this phone over Amazon. I normally buy all of my cell phones through my cell phone carrier. But I read such great reviews ordering through Amazon, I thought I would give it a try. (I already order weekly from Amazon, but never a cell phone). I ordered this cell phone and it came just as described, in new condition, brand new box with most importantly UNLOCKED. I simply took my old cell phone and this new cell phone to my carrier (AT&T) and the sales agent transferred all of information from my old phone to my new phone. It took only about 10 minutes for her to do this. It was that simple. I saved about $150 ordering the cell phone over Amazon than walking into the actual AT &T store and buying it outright. I am very pleased with my purchase. I love the Samsung Galaxy S6. It is slim and lightweight and lightening fast. And what I absolutely love is the super power charger that came with it. I had no idea that this little charger would charge my phone in 20 minutes. I can't say enough good things about this purchase. I will order another online. Great experience. Not problems at all. Very satisfied customer.
The galaxy S6 phone is very good but there's one thing that really disappoints me. Sometimes the battery does not fully charge and I really don't know why. Also, I think that the price is higher than it should be.
love it much better than my old iphone!
10 puntos excelente!
excellent product, guarantee the jente, they are very fast and powerful, and work great
All perfect
This product got at my house one day before it was suppose to. The phone works really good and it's beautiful to.
It is very nice it running slow
Very happy with this product. I got an external batery. So no fuss with the issue
It's perfect. Was not expecting it to be this great
good
It works perfectly in Peru. Extremely recomended.
Very good phone. Totally worth money I've paid. I had iphone for a long time and now I'm happy shifted to Samsung. It looks like a new era. Good job Samsung !!
VERY GOOD
Excelente
Excelente
Simply the best!!! Excellent camera!!!
Cell phone is A- FREAKING- MAZING... Beautiful phone
Great product, refresh designed, full of new features. Way lighter than S5, smooth UI. A bit overpriced still, hope price drops in a near future.
Great phone. Awesome speed.
great phone
I love it...best choice I've made for a phone!!!
It's great
Excelente!!
all perfect good product delivered on time
Item is good and my wife is enjoying it. Takes great pic.
🖒
Haven't used it yet but it arrived in a timely fashion and was sealed with all the correct parts and accessories....
Yes I love Samsung Galaxy 6 it great
Just set up phone yesterday so not alot of usage yet. Screen looks more vibrant than the prev S3. Like what I see so far.
Thank you for the phone, I payed $ 49 to unlock the phone. But still great phone
From office use to entertainment.
Love this phone. It worked right out of the box with my T-Mobile sim.
***Beware*** This phone is an "International Phone" from Mexico and carries no US warranty. I was unable to register the phone with Samsung US online. When I called the Samsung (US) customer service they were unable to validate the IEMI, Serial or Model numbers. I contacted the seller and he quickly responded telling me that the phone was an "International Phone" and he could sell me a warranty insurance for $60. I loved the phone but I am not willing to accept something which was misrepresented in the ad. There was nothing in the product description to indicate the phone was "International" and as such carried no US warranty.I have returned the phone and purchased another Samsung Galaxy 6 (with US warranty included) from Best Buy now on sale for $499.
great phone! said it was compatible with straight talk but its not!
Good
Excellent phone. I like it :)
Works perfectly fine in Venezuela
I'm putting 5 stars for the phone itself, however, I had to return this phone and buy it from my carrier instead. When I did the math it was cheaper to buy this phone from here instead of my carrier. However, at the time I didn't know that an unlocked phone doesn't have some of the features that locked phones have. One of those features is wifi calling. I need wifi calling because I have poor signal in my home. But the phone only has that feature on it if it is bought from a carrier. The phone itself is amazing, I highly recommend the Galaxy. However, if there are certain carrier-only features that you want, don't go with unlocked.
Not working on roaming
Love it!!! All I had to do way buy a new SIM card and I was ready to go.☺
good product at a great price
very Good Product, and good seller
very happy with my Samsung Galaxy S6 phone.
My S3 started acting ginky and, after three years, it was time to move on. Since I travel abroad regularly, I wanted a phone that would take foreign SIMs. But mostly, I wanted a phone that won't freeze on me. This one fits the bill perfectly. The only drawback is how poor the fingerprint technology is. But I lived without it before, I have no problem living without it now.
Delivered on time, works perfectly
New tecnology in my hands
This phone is pretty good. The seller of this phone even helped me get it working on the phone service I'm on now.
Very nice.
I received my item just as promised and it is not a fake. I love it
It is a great phone. Very easy to transfer all my contacts and apps from my old Galaxy S3 and works great with Cricket Wireless.
The phone is great with T-Mobile. Gets even better reception then my HTC One M8 had. Was considering moving to Verizon until I got this phone. Camera is fantastic. Light, looks good, works well, no complaints as of using the phone for over a month.
Excelente
Great phone
Phone came within the Prime shipping timeline. Only gripe is that the description does not state that the phone is an international version (using it in the US). It did not come with a charger that I am able to use in an outlet. Not to sure what to do for warranty if I needed to use it.It's a great phoner. Works great on the TMobile network. I just needed to change everything to US settings. Super bright and vivid colors. The camera is great with a lot of settings. Seems like Samsung put a lot of their own stuff on the phone like an app store and various apps, that can only be disabled. The Flipboard Briefing is useless to me and cannot be uninstalled either.
Good phone
It is unlocked and in seems genuine. There are slight differences that are of no consequence. (slightly blue tint in the casing in direct light and no "GALAXY S6" written on the back. I'm assuming because of the international model. But a very good phone. Fingerprint scanner is not quite as quick as the iPhone. Only real qualms with it are that it cannot be registered if you own it in Canada or the US. If there is a way, I have not found it despite hours of trying and calling customer services in Canada and the US. Samsung offices are not connected country to country. The only other thing is there is quite a bit of pre-installed bloatware that cannot be uninstalled. Otherwise a good phone and passes any real check I've done to be a real S6.
I brought the Samsung Galaxy for my sister. She is loving her phone.
Good One.
Great phone. Love the Samsung's UI which is so much nicer than the stock Android. Singed up for H2O wireless with no problems.
Excellent product and super fast shipping. Thanks to the seller. Had the s6 edge but got fed up with it when the screen breaks twice, the second time even with a case on it. Decided to try the s6. Love the phone and its being working great. It's just as cute and of same spec as the s6 edge but without the slippery edge.
Love the phone. Just sad they no longer have SD slots.
Good very good
Loved it. Works flawless
Awsome
Very good mobile. I'm using it in Argentina. Its functioning very well with 4G LTE.
Verry good !
Everything is perfect!
In the current time, it's working good. Now, we are satisfied whit this product
I am more than glad with this phone.
So far as my first cell phone, I am impressed with it, but I am still learning how to use it. One thing however, it does seem to discharge the battery when it is on for extended periods of time. This may very well be normal, as I am an inexperienced user.
very nice working phone no problem
Satisfied, thanks
love my s6 Galaxy
Great phone
Wife really likes her birthday present!
T-mobil phoneBut i love it
Excelente
All excellent !!! very good product arrived on time and waited !! thank you...
They didn't tell me that the nano SIM card is not included so you have to go purchase it separately. Otherwise the phone is ok
The phone was in excellent condition and came with all accessories EXCEPT there were NO headphones. This being the only problem though, I am extremely satisfied.
I bought it for my mom who lives in Europe. So far she is very happy with this phone. I was little bit concerned with the fact that you need to unlock the phone with american sim before using it with any other card. But the process went smoothly. After making a call with an american sim card I inserted european sim and it worked perfectly.I saw that some people had problems with seals. I didn't have any issues, phone came in a brand new box with well attached seals. Also, I had no problems with phone being formatted to any specific language.
Phone works great, love the phone, with it being unlocked you do lose a couple features such as the ability to use Samsung Pay. But if you can live without a couple features you'll love the phone
I love it
Beautiful phone! None of the labels were broken. It's indeed a real samsung s6 with serial numbers lol... my daughter is gonna be so excited! I am using the Walmart Family Mobile plan with the phone just be sure to tell the salesperson to give you the NANO sim card SMH they gave me one that was too big at first so I had to make another trip and return it but everything works fine and the camera is amazing! ! Surely to put a smile on my daughter face in the morning for Christmas so thanks for selling at this price unlocked and thanks for the fast shipping. I am jealous and will be ordering me from you very soon 😉
Excellent product!
Everything worked perfectly out of the box. I'm using a WIND mobile sim card in the U.S. (roaming on T-Mobile) and it connected with no issues. The camera on this phone is really impressive compared to most phones and the fast charge is pretty handy when you have only 15 minutes to charge.
My husband loves those
nice phone
Fast delivery. Original and everything is as expected. Just got a sim card and it works great !!
Works well so far, no complaints.
Perfect!
Best phone i ever purchased. Worth every penny.
Excellent choice!! Perfect delivery.Good price.!!!
The best cellphone
Arrived on time. Works like a charm! Replaced an Iphone that I didn't like at all.
Have been burned before with another company on a different phone. Had to send back. Not this one. Great phone, great price, Great fast service.
Phone is pretty light weight esp compared to my last windows phone which was cumbersome to haul around. Battery needs recharging about every other day. Sharp camera. This was my first Samsung so had to ask another user re retrieving voice mail & recording and sending videos but this is a great phone. Definitely needs a case bc it is smooth and slides around on any surface.
Huge monster memory, great price for a great phone, Charger comes with an adapter, makes it bulky but works great. In language selection there are lots of asian languages but no spanish. The problem is the battery, it doesn't last for a day, don't know if maybe it is old, or what.
It' work very well, i love it.
Everything was perfect, the phone is in perfect condition! I recommend it!
Received this and bought a sim card through my carrier and it works great. Had it about a year and a half now and it still works great.
Excllent
Nice phone
Is a good cell phone, really powerfull and beauty ;)
Product is excellent☺☺☺☺
I only owned the phone for a few days, and I like it very much so far. The screen is awesome, very bright and sharp. It makes great pictures, although I was surprised to find out that you do not need to unlock the phone to take pictures. I see possibility of pranks and unauthorized picture taking. The phone works so fast compared to my old not so smart smartphone, it is amazing how things are changing. The phone is lightweight, charges fast, and the battery last for quite long time. I signed up for MetroPCS, my main complaint is that I had to go the store to activate the phone. They would not accept the phone online (they only list ancient phones in their bring your own page, probably to discourage people from buying phones from other places). Do not buy sim card from the store - online and at Walmart it is $10, the MetroPCS guy wanted $25 for the card.Update: I got second S6 phone (White) for a family member, and activated it with Ting service, it was very easy, I needed to order a GSM SIM card from them, and it takes a few days to arrive. You activate the phone with the SIM card then, not with the phone itself. I am thinking about switching my own service to Ting, too.
So happy with my purchase ! Have been getting familiar with phone all day and i dont want to put it down. Just received yesterday. Very thrilled with purchase.
Great phone!
Will buy it again. I recommande. Meet my expectation
very good
Excelente.
This phone was perfect for my intended StraightTalk use. I only had to buy a nano SIM from StraightTalk to activate it. Couldn't be more happy.
Inprove the expectationtsExcelent camera
the clear case protects my S6 from scratches and ect, while still letting it show its white color =)
Love the phone and arrived quicker than I thought.
Im soo glad that my phone is actually new. I was prepared to send it back if it wasn't new. Thank God i didn't have to.
IN LOVE! This is the first time I have bought myself an actual nice smartphone. I usually get those that are under $200. I LOVE this phone. It was packaged great, everything works great!
Best phone and camera I have ever owned!
everythin was perfect (sorry for my English) I already activate it.
Yes! I'm happy with my new cell 😊
Great phone great seller, my son really loves it. It's better to buy one generation back it is so much cheaper for great features and speed.
Really like this phone. Upgraded from the Galaxy III and this is much more user friendly.
Yes
I updated from a galaxy S3 and I am happy with the galaxy S6. Had it for a short while but it satisfies my expectations.
Very nice
Great phone. Glad I bought one unlocked and then went to Straight Talk for service. Good service, good price. Only glitch is that the phone came with only a European charger plug. But the phone can use my old phone charger so its ok. If a phone is not packaged for the US, they need to say that in the Amazon description.
Its an amazing phone
Excellent
Exceeded expectations. A great buy. OUR SECOND PURCHASE WITH the SAME SAMSUNG quality.
amazing phone, came from a bb q10 and I am loving it
Im still figuring out if i like or not this phone. The gold color is really nice, it works well and most important IT WORKS IN ARGENTINA! but coming from LG I feel pretty unconfortable with some features, but its a matter of time I guess.Nice phone, works well.
as expected.
Excelente product.
Came as advertised. No trouble connecting to the t-mobile network.
Love this phone. Nice upgrade to the s4 I had before. I'm glad I waited for this phone instead of the s5. My girlfriend has s5 and this phone has more features and feels sturdy with metal materials
Let me just say that this buy was absolutely amazing! It arrived when it said, the phone is beautiful, and brand new! I'm more than happy with this purchase.
Until today, after a month, it works perfect
Excellent
Im already loving this phone. Good customer service btw! Got an email from the company after purchase. No complaints. I came from the iphone community. I had an iphone 5 for a few years and i wanted a change . Had to get used to it being more complex than the iphone but this works brilliantly and the fingerprint lock works like a charm!!!!!!
Bought it as a present for my uncle and he loves it. Thank You.
Works perfectly.
good phone
Excellent product
Excellent camera (main purchase reason). Easy to use interface. Long battery life. Who could ask for more?
I took a leap of faith by ordering this without knowing if they gon send me a brand new one or a refurbished one, but they actually sent me a brand new authentic one. It also came very fast! Lol I am happy af 😊 BTW S6 camera is the bomb
I love my new phone. It is awesome. I just love it
So far I love the phone, but will not comment about it specifically.I just want to share about my experience, as before buying I've read reviews about "opened boxes", "broken seals" and "spanish versions".I was a bit worried when ordering but gave it a try, and I'm glad I did. I received a NEW, AMERICAN Galaxy S6 as ordered, everything looks genuine and in good order! I'd buy another one if needed.Cheers
It's great better pictures more memory I love it is awesome
Everything okay with it
Phone works great fast shipping
awesome
Best phone ever made!
Works as it should. As described.
I have nothing negative to say about this phone. It is Awesome! The best smart phone I have ever owned. No problems with setting it up and easy to use.
Very good cell phones everthing that I need and wanted .
Over all good
You cant make video calls on it though.
best phone i ever had...calls are clear...speaker sounds loud...display is great...camera is awesome..phone is stylish and light weight
Is good
So far so good. Great phone good price
VERY NICE CELL
Nice and beautiful phone. Very useful!
great phone
The product was received in great condition and works fine.
Excelente
Awesome phone! everything about it is just as described and expected. Screen is crisp and clear and software is very user friendly. Camera is great! Pictures come out better than ever expected. Wasn't sure if the phone was gonna be too large but it's not. The only issue would be if the volume buttons were farther down side of phone in the same location as the power button it would help. Very happy with phone and would recommend it to others.
This phone has been amazing so far .
Awsome ..love this phone!! Came in perfect condition...no broken seal!!..100% satisfied!
looks cool...i like it. works perfectly so far...thanks guys...
I'm in love with this phone this phone takes mice pictures is everything that iPhone 6 don't have
It is good when you're familiar
All good with this purchase. in time, optimal quality.
This is my first Samsung galaxy phone, and I feel that this experience is great because this phone is the best smartphone on the market right now, therefore I feel happy and excited to have that kind of phone.
It was good as I thought it gone to be. The one I see ìs if stop working were do I go for repair work.
Very good phone! Had no issues.
I l ike it, but battery drains out too quickly. I was expecting it to be capable of holding charge a little longer. Besides that everything is awesome. The best phone I have ever held in my hands.
It is a great product. It works perfectly and it 's very fast.
By far the best price I have found. Works beautifully so far on Cricket Wireless. Thank you for the great deal! :)
Excellent
Good phone...Liked the display and picture quality. ....
It is perfect.I like it so much
After upgrading phones every 6 months or so, I find that the Samsung Galaxy S6 is the best smartphone on the market.It's got a great style with its Gorilla Glass 4 front--and back. The thinness and overall look of the phone makes it standout. This phone is even thinner than the Apple iPhone 6!Don't buy this phone on looks alone. With its speedy processor and great camera you are buying a first class phone. I just came from the HTC One M9 which I really liked, but even that great phone's features looks weak when compared to the Galaxy S6.If you look hard enough you probably can find some faults. Yes this phone does not have the great sound that the HTC One M9 delivers, but you will never notice when you check out the Galaxy S6 overall. It would have been nice if this phone would have included an extra memory slot. A replaceable battery is not possible with this phone since it cannot be removed.Your customization options are never endless with this (and most Android phones). Just try to modify Apple's phones by comparison! Since Samsung's sales were starting to look sluggish compared to Apple's, so they dropped the price by about $100. And that was enough of a difference to make me switch to the Galaxy S6.If you are looking for a top-of-the-line smartphone, look no farther than the Samsung Galaxy S6.
Very good 5+++++
PRODUCTO MUY BUENO
Absolutely love! I have this phone for straight talk and it's amazing .
Although doubtful at first that a samsung s6 would be this cheap, I got this for my sister at her request since she didn't trust the cheaper options on ebay. After checking it out, I can guarantee it is not a fake. The performance and build of the phone is solid with a beautiful screen but then again its a samsung with a hefty price tag. I personally own and love my one plus one which is so much cheaper yet just as snappy. Although the samsung has a better screen, somewhat better looking, and better camera, considering that you can get two for the price of one samsung it is worth it. I'm not gonna bother listing stats because you can google those. Anyways enough about my phone now. I got this with one day shipping and it came quickly and yea thats about it. Heads up about the platinum gold though, the glare when under light is pretty bright and it doesn't look as gold as we would like it. Also the back is glass so please put a case on it or else it will be filled with light scratches and fingerprints by the end of the day you get it. The fingerprint sensor is a bit iffy at times and theres a bug where the touchscreen will stop working sometimes but a reboot and a software update will fix that.
amazing
Love it! But to be honest, I thought it was counterfit at first because of the package. How wrong was I, I'm writing my review on it.
Everything was perfect
Ir a awesome
In Ecuador work well.
Great
Excelente product
Arrived on time with amazon delivery service. Phone is everything I expected and more. No complaints.
lovee love love. it's just beautiful
These went to friends in Mexico and they love them.
Very good
Exllent very good phone iam veryhappy
I'm really happy with your product. thank You :)
I have been using it for less than a week and so far I wasn't able to use many of its features. However, one day after it arrived I traveled, and I LOVE the camera! The photos I took are really nice. It really surprised me, even the photos I took against the sunlight were good! I was planning to buy an iphone 6 but as they do not sell the golden one anymore I decided to buy the Samsung S6. I do not regret changing my mind, especially because it has 32Gb instead of Iphone's 16Gb.
Absolutely love the phone.
A smooth modern design with a great camera make this phone a stunner.
Good phone. Wish battery life was better.
I love this phone..I need to get used to all the stuff on it..went from a flip phone to this. love the photos..thanks
Exactly what I ordered. The phone works perfectly.
Nice phone, no battery issues.
I love it so far@!!
i absolutely love m y new phone.. the sellers shipping was pretty slow, however the item is just as it said it was.. i ordered this in gold.. and the correct thing came,.. it is unlocked that means i get to use it with any network i want.. Only thing is that you need a micro-sim car, the very tine ones like what iphone uses. As for functionality, the phone is super fast and smooth,, it has no sticking no glitches NOTHING.. this is the best phone ever!! the camera quality is absolutely gorgeous, i feel like taking a million selfies a day... this is the phone to buy people
The phone is perfect and the delivery was fast thank you
All right. No problems.
Awesome, love amazon!
Buy it. Camera is great. Very responsive. A little bit too much of pre-installed apps but otherwise great. Battery goes for 4-5 hours of "full" use. Battery life is enough for whole day with regular use.
OMG ALL PERFECT
Great Phone! Works beautifully, fast and efficient
Great phone but it had a dead pixel in the middle of the screen. couldn't fix that but other than that it works just fine.
No issues so farIt is an international version so US Samsung won't cover phone
Works perfect in Argentina with Movistar, in US with T-mobile when I visit the US.Camera is INCREDIBLE GOOD, so much better than the I-Phone 6. You will love it.No stucks, nothing strange.Screen is clear and big.Highly recommended!
thx
good
Great phone so far but when I went to use it for the first time after charging, it came up in Spanish! Fortunately I live in South Texas where I could get help with it quickly.
Really good smartphone =D
I have the phone two weeks now and has met my expectations great phone.
Superb, shipment so fast.
phone is ok but AMERICA sim card onlyso I can not use it
PERFECT
I recomend this product and this seller!!
Amazon: excelent, as always!!!The telephne: excelent too!!
Initial Review 1. Build - Hardware: The build quality of S6 is top notch, if not better, then as good as the iphone. The photos in the website or in the samsung portal do not do justice to the actual look and feel of the phone. There are reviews that mention the s6 look similar to iphone 6 and I would agree to that. I moved from an S3 to S6. The S3 after 3 years of use, had become slow, but moving the same apps to S6, the apps worked seemlessly. 2. Screen: The 577 pixels per inches is pixel density results in a screen with crisp displays and super sharp and smooth images. 3. Software: The android build on the S6 has so far run smoothly for past 3 months and so has all the apps I have used so far. 4. Camera: I havent played around with the photo as much as the video. The video on this is just incredible.4K ultra-HD video. The color reproductions are like something out of Downtown Abbey.Yes, the battery life on a single charge is nothing to talk about. I get a whole days use. The upside is that the phone comes with a super charger that charges the phone to 90% within 30 minutes or so.Long time Review1-Month: We end up finding some new feature every time we use it.i. GPS navigator - We used S6 as a navigator while travelling to New York. Compare the 60's cartoon screen of an Garmin with 577 ppi screen of S6 and you willl understand why you WANT to use S6 as a navigator even if you dont need to. Google maps has an offline mode, as long as you have enough storage on your phone to download the maps of the location. The best part was that during navigation, an incoming call, would just should up as a smally rectangular bar with information about the caller and accept/decline button and at the same time, the navigation would still be displayed.ii. Finger Print unlock. Setting up is a breeze. there was a bit of apprehension whether if it will work. For one, the fingerprint unlock worked every time, the first time and again, there is a backup password (in case finger print doesnt work)6 month review:i. iphone6 and 6s have come and gone and after comparing the S6 to iphones my vote is for S6.ii. S6 continues to work without issues. The phone accidently dropped from 5 ft and there was no scratch on it - I did have a protective cover.
very slipper, very fragile.Good speed and wonderful camera.
Thanks you
Very high quality phone. Best Galaxy phone so far. Battery life just so-so. Fortunately it recharges extra quick(heats up quite a bit while charging) . Beautiful screen. Slippery, so a case is required.
Meets my expectations. Good camera quality, easy to handle
Excellent
Genial
Like this so far. Not anymore. Defective. Hangs. Drop calls. Losses internet. I thought the problem was the provider but change provider ever since and still the same.
Good
good
I needed a new phone ASAP and i bought this from Amazon Warehouse expecting something to be wrong with it aesthetically as was listed in the description. The phone is PERFECT! No scratches, no imperfections and has a cool couple of tricks. Gold is beautiful and I'm happy i got it. Rapid charger is amazing and it keeps charge pretty much the whole day.
Excelent phone
very good
Very happy with my perches
Very nice
Bought 1 for my wife...we're both happy 😜
Works wonderfully, arrived quickly and in great condition. Wouldn't hesitate to buy again.
Nice
Great phone!!!
Very nice phone. Failed to work with fingerprint and Samsung Pay. Works very good on everything else.
Nice upgrade from my s3. Using with Straight Talk so far works as expected.
Great cellphone
Great product, item as described, great seller, fast shipping!
thank you
I love my new phone......Thank you!
Best phone my wife has had to date.
It doesn't work out of network
I am in love with this phone so many fun features
Excellent
excellent product
Love it!
This phone was just what I needed. Tough enough for outdoor use around water, dirt, and heat.
I purchased this phone when my S4 finally went kaput. I must say that I am impressed with the quality. I also love that I don't need a bulky case to keep it safe. I mean, I'm not particularly tough on phones, but I do drop it on occasion & hike quite frequently (causing bumps &scrapes). I also like being in or near water, so the water resistance is appreciated. All this needs is a screen protector & it's good to go. The functionality is great (though I mourn the loss of the menu button). I really have no complaints. It has worked perfectly since I opened it & powered it up. Also, I haven't drained the battery once - this was a problem with my S4.
I am absolutely in love with this phone.
It's a fantastic phone!
Excellent phone, operates as ecpected and the battery lasts forever!
I've had this phone for a little over a month now and wanted to wait until the warranty was up before reviewing. For the phone itself I can safely say I am never going to back to Apple unless they have some miraculous improvement in product and prices. I've taken this phone with me everywhere and it has stood up to every test. So far, I'm very impressed with the OS and the ease at which I learned to use it (my primary concern switching from an Apple OS) and the sheer durability of the phone (which is the main reason I switched - very tired of paying $50 to get my screen repaired every 6 months or so). I'll update this review if anything changes.
Thanks
perfect
I had seen some reviews that said the phone was counterfeit. But I called Samsung and gave them the serial number and they confirmed it was genuine. The adapter of the charger did not work and the headset had shorts. I contacted the seller and they sent me a new charger and headset. They both work fine now. I have no problems with the phone ,
It did meet my expectations. Good product, good service.
Make a review for what i have bought [...] all in all its a Good phone.. i will definitely buy again. Amazon issued a full refund so no issues.
This is the best phone ever!!!
Fantastic fone. The works. Ultrafast. active button is excellent. Battery lasts forever. Waterproof droproof...
Phone in great condition although was still loaded with AT&T software. Be sure to delete before using
The phone is nice and everything is easy to read but the receiver is on the back of the phone. When I grasp the phone my hand seems to cover the receiver and it becomes hard to understand me. It sounds like I am in an echo and muffled.
Off the bat this phone came in its factory case and everything is included. The phone looks in good shape and works properly and everything is intact. This is a refurbished phone so I expect everything is like new or anything that was used was replaced and brought to code. So far this phone has reached my expectations and I expect it to work perfectly. There were reviews saying that it did not come with factory headset or charger or the offical Samsung box in general but this phone did and I am happy to say that for me this was a good choice and I would gladly purchase again.
This is a fantastic phone. I love the look. It's fast as lightning. I also love how it's waterproof.My only complaints are that it does not have a slot for an SD card and the battery cannot be swapped out. Other than that, I love everything about it.
Just as I need, good battery, good protection and fair enough space/ram
great phone.
Came early and it definitely meets my standards.
Love the Galaxy S6 Active!
Perfect
excelent
Nice and work well in Spain with Movistar. Put plugs in ports if use in water sports.
Good product
Phone is great overall, but do not, just dont use it underwater because water will get in even though it says ip68 certified. I had to learn on a refurbished one. Phone seems to be gsm unlocked when I checked imei online but the headphones that came with my brand new unit was not samsung, generic s*** went to the trash
I messed up & didn't look at the memory expansion ability. This doesn't have one. I am still very happy with the phone.
I've had this phone a couple of weeks. I love the actual navigation buttons below the screen rather than icons on the screen. Dropped it a few times aleafy with no problem. Much faster than my last phone and takes great pics. Very happy with my purchase.
The product is fast and works like a dream
Great phone. Very durable.
Very good service, good product
I love mine, hands down very durable and lived through what I've done to it in a month... Which is quite a bit. No major issues and no conflicts with operating system to apps. Smooth, fast, and awesome built in cameras and video recorder. Awesome phone for a person not quite sold on the ideas and exaggerations of Iphone. Mine was purchased new still manufacturer sealed, not used.
Great product very satisfied with the phone thank you
Love the phone, and got here super fast!
Pleased with purchase
Great phone
It arrived a week earlier than I originally thought it would. No notable scratches or anything except a small crack in the bottom right corner which barely goes over the screen. Been using it for a week or so. No problems so far. Altogether pretty good deal. Would buy from them again.
Awesome phone that came in near perfect condition. Much better to buy used than pay full price. I have had many drops and even carried it in the same pocket as my keys without a screen protector, but still not a scratch on it. No complaints so far!
cant live without it
I love it, recommended
Received in excellent condition as described. Great for 'rough' use and big fingers.
Love it! This is the 2nd one I've purchased! One green this one was blue! Son loves his green daughter loves hers. Worth every penny. Highly recommend!
Excellent phone, operates as ecpected and the battery lasts forever!
I've had this phone for a little over a month now and wanted to wait until the warranty was up before reviewing. For the phone itself I can safely say I am never going to back to Apple unless they have some miraculous improvement in product and prices. I've taken this phone with me everywhere and it has stood up to every test. So far, I'm very impressed with the OS and the ease at which I learned to use it (my primary concern switching from an Apple OS) and the sheer durability of the phone (which is the main reason I switched - very tired of paying $50 to get my screen repaired every 6 months or so). I'll update this review if anything changes.
Thanks
perfect
I had seen some reviews that said the phone was counterfeit. But I called Samsung and gave them the serial number and they confirmed it was genuine. The adapter of the charger did not work and the headset had shorts. I contacted the seller and they sent me a new charger and headset. They both work fine now. I have no problems with the phone ,
It did meet my expectations. Good product, good service.
It came with non working ear buds and an iffy charger. But at least my phone works!
This is the best phone ever!!!
Fantastic fone. The works. Ultrafast. active button is excellent. Battery lasts forever. Waterproof droproof...
Love it! Didn't have any problems with it. Brand new condition just like it says. The only thing that I could say that I don't like about it was that the paint came off really easily. Luckily I bought a rubber case for it. I don't remember what I was doing but I had tape and it got stuck to my phone. When I pulled off the tape some of the paint came off the phone! That was cheap.
I was unsure of buying this phone for my guy, because of all the low ratings. It was a surprise and I went ahead and got it with the thought in my head that if it doesn't work we can send it back. Well...he loves it! He said he's always wanted a phone like this. I'm so happy it works for him. 😊😊😚
It worked great from the box, and was able to load up my dev tools so no I couldn't be a happier camper. Omg the picture quality!
wasn't a stolen phone like the first one we purchased through Amazon, this one works fine!
really good !!!!
Good deal
Great phone, had active 5 and went to 6. Only downside is the sealed battery.
Everything great.
Exactly what it it's supposed to be
Came on time works grate am in mexico and works there fine looks and runs like new very happy with the phone
I absolutely love this phone. It came in perfect condition without a scratch anywhere to be found. This has the best battery life out of any phone I've ever had. The phones speed is extremely fast at everything. Extremely pleased and will definitely buy from then again.
This is a durable phone with high tech specs. Be aware that this particular version used to be AT&T, so though it will accept other SIMs, it has integrated AT&T software. The phone will bug you often if you do not log in to your AT&T mobile account. I almost returned it based upon this one drawback, but it's such a nice phone that I found someone in my family who wanted it.
It worked as expected
Everything was as advertised: it arrived on time & worked perfectly out of the box.
Batttery life is decent but typical smart phone, % drops fast when using gps when not plugged into charger
Love it! Didn't have any problems with it. Brand new condition just like it says. The only thing that I could say that I don't like about it was that the paint came off really easily. Luckily I bought a rubber case for it. I don't remember what I was doing but I had tape and it got stuck to my phone. When I pulled off the tape some of the paint came off the phone! That was cheap.
Bought as "certified refurbished" from BREED. Phone shipped fast and is in great shape as advertised.I've had it for a week, so far so good. Performance is excellent and the battery easily lasts a full day of heavy use. Google Maps runs very smoothly on this phone. The camera is better than my Nikon point-and-shoot. The screen is great too: bright, crisp, and very high contrast.I'm using mine on Cricket, no problems other than not being able to OTA update to 5.1.1 - but the Samsung kiosk at Best Buy should be able to update it from the 5.0.2 that is already installed.It seems pretty sturdy compared to the "glassy" phones, but not too thick either. I don't care to find out how waterproof it is. Overall, the S6 Active is a great performer.
Amazing phone. 10/10
A vèy gpod uphpne at a very good price Exellent service fr u om th e seller. On construction sites phones dont last long. This phone will.
Excellent product!!
it doesn't never SD memory slot
Ok
Good Product , just what we wanted.
Love the phone. It seems to work wonderfully so far. The weight and feel of it is ideal. Looks so atractive I hate to cover it with a case.
Excellent condition
Perfect
Great Case So Happy
I was unsure of buying this phone for my guy, because of all the low ratings. It was a surprise and I went ahead and got it with the thought in my head that if it doesn't work we can send it back. Well...he loves it! He said he's always wanted a phone like this. I'm so happy it works for him. 😊😊😚
It worked great from the box, and was able to load up my dev tools so no I couldn't be a happier camper. Omg the picture quality!
wasn't a stolen phone like the first one we purchased through Amazon, this one works fine!
really good !!!!
Everything great.
Exactly what it it's supposed to be
Came on time works grate am in mexico and works there fine looks and runs like new very happy with the phone
I absolutely love this phone. It came in perfect condition without a scratch anywhere to be found. This has the best battery life out of any phone I've ever had. The phones speed is extremely fast at everything. Extremely pleased and will definitely buy from then again.
This is a durable phone with high tech specs. Be aware that this particular version used to be AT&T, so though it will accept other SIMs, it has integrated AT&T software. The phone will bug you often if you do not log in to your AT&T mobile account. I almost returned it based upon this one drawback, but it's such a nice phone that I found someone in my family who wanted it.
It worked as expected
Excellent product!!
it doesn't never SD memory slot
Ok
Good Product , just what we wanted.
Love the phone. It seems to work wonderfully so far. The weight and feel of it is ideal. Looks so atractive I hate to cover it with a case.
Excellent condition
Perfect
Everything was as advertised: it arrived on time & worked perfectly out of the box.
Batttery life is decent but typical smart phone, % drops fast when using gps when not plugged into charger
Great Case So Happy
Bought as "certified refurbished" from BREED. Phone shipped fast and is in great shape as advertised.I've had it for a week, so far so good. Performance is excellent and the battery easily lasts a full day of heavy use. Google Maps runs very smoothly on this phone. The camera is better than my Nikon point-and-shoot. The screen is great too: bright, crisp, and very high contrast.I'm using mine on Cricket, no problems other than not being able to OTA update to 5.1.1 - but the Samsung kiosk at Best Buy should be able to update it from the 5.0.2 that is already installed.It seems pretty sturdy compared to the "glassy" phones, but not too thick either. I don't care to find out how waterproof it is. Overall, the S6 Active is a great performer.
Amazing phone. 10/10
Love it! Didn't have any problems with it. Brand new condition just like it says. The only thing that I could say that I don't like about it was that the paint came off really easily. Luckily I bought a rubber case for it. I don't remember what I was doing but I had tape and it got stuck to my phone. When I pulled off the tape some of the paint came off the phone! That was cheap.
I was unsure of buying this phone for my guy, because of all the low ratings. It was a surprise and I went ahead and got it with the thought in my head that if it doesn't work we can send it back. Well...he loves it! He said he's always wanted a phone like this. I'm so happy it works for him. 😊😊😚
It worked great from the box, and was able to load up my dev tools so no I couldn't be a happier camper. Omg the picture quality!
wasn't a stolen phone like the first one we purchased through Amazon, this one works fine!
really good !!!!
A vèy gpod uphpne at a very good price Exellent service fr u om th e seller. On construction sites phones dont last long. This phone will.
Good deal
Great phone, had active 5 and went to 6. Only downside is the sealed battery.
I was unsure of buying this phone for my guy, because of all the low ratings. It was a surprise and I went ahead and got it with the thought in my head that if it doesn't work we can send it back. Well...he loves it! He said he's always wanted a phone like this. I'm so happy it works for him. 😊😊😚
It worked great from the box, and was able to load up my dev tools so no I couldn't be a happier camper. Omg the picture quality!
wasn't a stolen phone like the first one we purchased through Amazon, this one works fine!
really good !!!!
Everything great.
Exactly what it it's supposed to be
Came on time works grate am in mexico and works there fine looks and runs like new very happy with the phone
This is a durable phone with high tech specs. Be aware that this particular version used to be AT&T, so though it will accept other SIMs, it has integrated AT&T software. The phone will bug you often if you do not log in to your AT&T mobile account. I almost returned it based upon this one drawback, but it's such a nice phone that I found someone in my family who wanted it.
It worked as expected
Arrived on time. I am absolutely loving this phone! Everything is in working order, no signs of wear! I am very pleased with this product. I HIGHLY recommend.
Great! It's like new! I have no problems with the phone except some minor scratches on the camera, but all is well. Update: Make sure if there's stickers on your camera lens. That's why mine had scratches. So overall, the phone is in perfect condition and I had zero issues!
love this phone is amazyng
Arrived on time, in perfect working order.
Very good
the phone is exactly as anticipated. I already dropped the phone from 5 feet onto concrete and it suffered no damage. I could have used a locked phone from AT&T since I use consumer cellular but the very rude clerk at the first AT&T store I tried wouldn't sell me one. This unlocked one was the same price that AT&T listed it for and has AT&T markings on it. Glad I didn't have to give a penny to AT&T. I did however expect to get some sort of simple start up user guide. It didn't come with any such thing. I bought a galaxy6s for dummies which has similar content to what I expected to get with the phone.
I got this phone and its fast and I like that I has a bigger batter then the regular s6. I got it used but I came in better condition then expected would recommend it
As described.
My husband loves this case. It is sleek and protective.
My husband loves this phone. He works outside and is constantly working on the ground and with his hands. This phone is everything he needed.
Excellent condition super happy with the device and whoever great team and very helpful
I didn't realize when I ordered the phone it was being shipped from Hong Kong. I assumed it was coming from the East Coast. Description said it was a new phone, in original sealed box with 1 year warranty. I couldn't tell if the phone was brand new. It still had the thin film of plastic over the camera lens but that doesn't say much. The box it arrived in was not sealed and the start-up instructions and box it came in was for a Galaxy S6 plus. That aside, all other accessories in the box were new and original from Samsung, not replacements. The phone was charged and ready to go out of the box. I had to do all of the normal start-up and settings configurations. It is in very good condition, no visible wear. It was shipped via DHL and was expertly packed by the sender in Hong Kong. I really like the phone and had no problems taking to my carrier and getting a new SIM card. Works well, although I am on the ATT network and from what I understand the S6 Active was made exclusively for ATT. Although, the unlocked version will work on other networks. Outside of my shock about where it was shipped from, and the unsealed box for another Galaxy model, I am very please overall. Time will tell but it all seems to be operating beautifully.
Amazing phone
Excelent phone! The battery is awesome! It lasts for all the day. I do recommend it!
Great phone works awesome. Very durable and has an amazing camera. Would buy products from this company again. Package came in a timely manner, and product was protected well.
Arrived on time. I am absolutely loving this phone! Everything is in working order, no signs of wear! I am very pleased with this product. I HIGHLY recommend.
Great! It's like new! I have no problems with the phone except some minor scratches on the camera, but all is well. Update: Make sure if there's stickers on your camera lens. That's why mine had scratches. So overall, the phone is in perfect condition and I had zero issues!
love this phone is amazyng
Super nice phone. Perfect purchase and used the phone in United Stated and Colombia.
Excellent
After a long search for a decent dual SIM phone I finally found what I was looking for and it delivers on all promises.The seller communicated well, it shipped faster than advertised and everything is exactly as described.The only little issue I encountered was the language - it arrived with Chinese as default, however, thanks to the icons it was fairly easy to switch to English.Working the two SIM cards is incredibly convenient, you can switch voice, text or data easily and separately while still being able to receive phone calls on both numbers.One thing to watch is the battery - it seems to drain pretty fast, however, I have not yet made any adjustments as is recommended in the manual, so this may help in the end. In any event, it charges quickly, so I don't see this being a major issue for me.All in all - I can definitely recommend this phone!
A beautiful reliable phone with aa dualsim. What more can a person want
Timely delivery and device working fine with both sim.
A huge, but beautiful and clever phone. The fact it is so big is acknowledged by the fact you can decrease the screen for single handed use.Battery life isnt the best, but no worse than most high end smart phones, the average I'm getting is 1.5 - 2 days. It charges quickly enough so that makes up for it.Performance wise, I had about 10 apps open and a browser and it didnt flinch. The camera is impressive with some fun modes like slow motion and beautify.A bonus with this model is that it is dual sim. It takes the worlds smallest sim card size and they are inserted into the top of the phone as you can't remove the back.So far, I have been highly impressed, but the only way you'll be able to make up your own mind is to get your hands on one!The company that supplied me with this beaut was NGP USA. I ordered whilst working in Canada and the order went through well but after paying for expedited shipping, the product failed to show up and wasn't being tracked by FedEx. The customer service from these guys are second to none: rapid, polite replies by email and they reditected my parcel with no hassle to my home in Germany. They even waived shipping fee to Germany and promised a 50% refund on the shipping costs. A few days later from the last email it turned up. A good company to buy from.
Great phone. Easy to handle, beautiful images...love it!!
great phone, best price! thanks
This phone is nothing short of sexy. By far the most impressive phone design I've seen!
It's unlock and can use any sim card but now I'm back in the caribbean it's telling me no network service in certain areas. Places that I will normally get service with another unlock phone.
Omg! This is a winner!!
Exellent
It's worth THE money
Love it
the phone restart too much during operating APP.Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge + Plus G9287 32GB Gold DUOS Factory Unlocked GSM - DUAL SIM - International Version no warranty
Love it , Love it!!
Excellent and delivered the time more than I expected.thank you so much.
I received my phone from the vendor in a reasonable amount of time given that it shipped all the way from China to the USA. I have had items ship from my same state linger the same amount of time or longer, so no complaints about shipping at all.The phone arrived with Chinese selected as the language and of course the manual was in Chinese as well. Unfortunately, I do not speak or read Chinese well enough to understand the language, but I could decipher the icons on the screen. I used the Samsung web site to learn how to change the language on the phone to set it up in English.The phone is gorgeous to look at and functions just as it was designed. The unfortunate part is, I really do not like it as much as I liked my Nokia 1520 which is now obsolete (Thanks Microsoft). The speaker sound at max is often difficult to hear when there is light to moderate ambient noise. This means you need to take the phone to a "quiet" area to hold a conversation when in speaker mode. Used as a normal phone up against the ear the sound is merely adequate.There is nothing wrong with the phone, or my hearing, it is just one of the not so great features of this particular model.I really like the dual sim card holder which allows for not only international use, but also as a tester for a questionable sim card from another device. The best part of this phone is that it is not tied to any specific carrier and is by far less expensive here on Amazon than the equivalent unlocked phone from a USA carrier.
As advertised. Dual SIM working perfectly well.
Very happy with my galaxy S6 edge + it looks and works great. Coming from an owner of iPhones I'm very pleased so far...
it is good
This was a great buy! I took it to the UK and used a different SIM card in it and it worked great. Love the phone!
Excellent
Phone just as describbed, shipping pachaging could have been better. The phone box was opened and looked used. However, no issues thus far.
First of all its a great phone and secondly to find one unlocked for use in any network even better....Thank you
Yay! Great phone to replace my aging iPhone 5S, which I can now use as a fancy iPod touch, hehe. TL;DR @the bottom and heading of this review! (Though I do recommend you read most of if not all of this quality review, most of it has some good and useful info I'd say!)Mini-rant on why this is such a great deal and why cell phone companies are stealing your money, essentially:I love this, more so for the price over anything. There is no need to shell out upwards of $600.00 I'd say at the minimum for a phone that is not nearly worth that much, in my opinion, haha. This was an excellent price, it is paid in full, so I don't have to worry about monthly payments and giving AT&T (or any other cell carrier for that matter - I'm fairly certain all cell carriers do the sell your soul and hard earned cash for two year's "payment plan" See: Your phone bill every month if you got a smart phone from your carrier in store or "directly from them" under a 2 year payment plan. It's pretty evil, low, and sneaky, since almost any sales rep you speak with will avoid stating clearly what exactly it is they're doing with your money, while they did lower monthly data plan costs, this is where they catch you and make up for it, and help offset the cost of buying these nice smartphones from manufacturers. But, this is a rant for another forum...About the actual product itself, haha:Works great! Fast, slow at first but just uninstall and "turn off" as much crap as you can that comes pre-installed on most all Samsung Galaxy smartphones. This is my first Samsung Galaxy smartphone so I came to learn of all of this junk that comes with it, which is saddening, but still better than the previous generation iPhone, especially for the price I got it for. Upsetting there is no easy way that I know of to get it all fully off the phone, (it still takes up some amounts of memory on the phone, :() especially just the pure junk apps, programs, and features that just do absolutely nothing useful for you that other, smaller, faster, better apps can already.Wireless charging for smartphones??? HELLO FUTURE! While some or most may say this is a gimmick, I say go ahead and hunt on eBay for a cheap offer (got mine for $2.00-$4.00, too cheap to care exactly what it was haha) for a Samsung brand wireless charging pad for your Samsung Galaxy S6 or higher generation smartphone. The wireless charging is slower than cable charging for obvious reasons, long story short, it takes long for electrons to travel through air essentially and hit the Qi-receiver chip technology built into the S6 smartphones and later as opposed to forcing a piece of metal with charged electrons speeding down the cable highway to charge up your battery. They do sell "Fast-charge" capable Samsung Wireless charging pads, but these cost about $40.00 more than the normal ones by Samsung haha, so don't do that, especially for Samsung Galaxy S6 generations, because I don't think these smartphones have the capability to do *wireless* fast charge, I may be wrong, correct me if I am in the comments! I may update if I find or am proven otherwise! You can find cheap "Qi-enabled/technology" wireless charging pads directly shipped from China on eBay, Amazon, or other sites certainly too but IMO best route is eBay used - like new or good condition, to save that money! Mine works great like a dream, been using it for almost two weeks already, I love the little charging soft glow lights that inform you if your device is charging on the pad and if or when it is fully charged (does a color change blue then green when phone is fully charged).SAFETY FEATURES FOR DAYS!!!This phone is so much stronger on the market than iPhones for these specs, not meaning the security of the phone itself, but for you as a user and scenarios you'd encounter in the real world, just to specify. I would state that iPhones have best *security* (note the word change here) meaning they are hardest to "hack", "break into", or have somebody "steal data" from, but if you're on top of your phone, don't do sketchy things on it, and stray from as much 3rd party adware, apps, websites, and illegal stuff like me, then you're golden! It's really not that hard to do haha.Anyways, really rad safety feature I love most - the triple click lock button SOS messaging feature - when you triple click your lock/power on/off button it will immediately snap pictures from your front and rear facing camera, record audio for several seconds, and send your current location to 4 emergency contacts. Just imagine how this will change the lives of all people facing dangerous situations, now as soon as you sense trouble, reach in your pocket and triple click your lock button. Obviously still call 911 and such, but this will get out so much more information to so much more people faster, and I'm guessing you can reactivate this feature in succession, anyways, great feature changing the world yay.I may just resell my iPhone while it still has a good market value, we'll see, I may get sick of having a fancy iPod touch. Pro to deactivating your iPhone, while in "No SIM" mode, the battery lasts for weeks on a full charge on low battery mode if you never connect to WiFi. Mine can go a full day on 100% without dropping now haha.TL;DR: GREAT PHONE! GREAT PRICE! AWESOME SAFETY FEATURES THAT'LL CHANGE YOUR LIFE! WOOHOO! GET IT!
Came as said.
So I posted a bad review earlier. I THINK I WAS WRONG. It's unlocked, it worked with my h2o wireless. I tried to modify my sim card to fit it! It never worked. Plus this at&t sales gal told me it's locked. I double checked bcuz I knew prime items can not go wrong.
Love it' it was as said in the description and is as in good condition as was written
I love this phone. I am so glad I purchased it. It is well worth the money.K. Northcutt.
Great product!!! Best value for dollars spent...
I am still learning all about this phone but so far I am very please with it.
I love my new phone. We go to bed together, we eat lunch together. It's the best!
great phone as for now perfect!!...thanx
It works finw
Phone is in excellent condition and works fine.
Love love,I am enjoying my S6 edge.
It's perfect
met my every anticipation. An excellent phone ....... I upgraded my S4 to this one and I have been extremely pleased with the upgrade; I was already sold on the Galaxy product and look forward to in about ei8ghteen months further upgrading and yes it will be another Galaxy product.
Magaria
Came very Quick, it was exactly like it said!
Phone works great so far. It has more features than I'll probably ever use, but I like what I do use it for.
good phone, thanks
Some features don't work due to carrier change.This is AT&T phone and video calling will not work for T-Mobile or any other carrier. Really frustrating and bogus.
Dont like all the AT&T preloaded software-Apps on it
Very nice product. Better than any phone I've ever used.
Yes
i got the phone in on time.But the charger in it is of another mobile phone.Now anything can be done???
Great Phone!
Got it. Sealed. Perfect. T-mobile works in USA. I stuck in a Claro SIM from the DR and that also works on roaming. It's a happy snappy phone and I'm a happy camper.
great. one of the best phones ever.
Fantastic phone with many features to offer. Great build quality!
Though I waited for the phone forever to arrive, at least I am very satisfied with what I received. The phone is beatiful, and embedded with so many features.
I did a lot of research on choosing between iPhone and Samsung. I was a Windows phone user for years, and I really wanted to make best choice for a new phone and operating system. Firstly, both iPhone and Samsung are "made in China", so I did not have a moral dilemma in choosing Samsung based on trying to support American jobs. IF iPhone were made in USA, I would have bought it over the Samsung, hands down. My husband is an iPhone person, but he's been disappointed with lagging and constant updates and re-syncing with computer. I did not see that problem with Samsung. The screen of Samsung is superior to iPhone and the camera is much better too! The operating system rocks, and with all the Google free apps and free Google Cloud drive, I have a fast, very useful, phone with more than enough phone storage for pics/videos/apps (use the Cloud drive - you'll love it!). I also stream Prime movies and music constantly now on my S6 with no problems... and did I mention how beautiful the screen is?!I bought the phone unlocked and used my previous TMOB SIM card. Easy with no service or plan hiccups. You may ask why I didn't opt for the S7 or wait for the super duper Note7. Bottom line, the S6 Edge more than fit my needs for way less money than the 7X's. I am learning more about the S6 as I take time to read thru the manual and functions. But overall, it's been a very easy phone to figure out. My only pesky areas are figuring out how to set all my sounds for all the different alerts that come from apps (not as simple as it should be) and there is something with Group Text that doesn't reply/incoming texts as a Group. But minor stuff to Google and find answers to.I think you will be happy with the S6 Edge if you are having budget that prevents a 7X at this time : )
Excelente celular
This meets all expectations so far. Thin, light, powerful. This thing has more juice than my laptop!
Love my new phone!
Perfect
I love this phone. It came 1 day late but I don't care . About the functionality of the phone I highly recommend it. It's such a fast and a beautiful thing. And of course the battery life is amazing, it last at least 14 hours
Absolutely love this phone. I changed from BB to S5 one year ago and S5 didn't convince me at all. But this S6 is great.
Phone as advertised, easy to use with just some minor glitches
Excelente teléfono
Beautiful phone
Received what was offered in time and fashion way. Very satisfied.
im really happy with my purchase,i will buy it again.
Excelent Smartphone and Seller!
Amazing
Very useful
Phone is great. Super happy 😁
My wife and I have been using these phones from Wireless Everything for about a month and half now. They worked great out of the box, withno problems to this point. They are unlocked phones and were activated with Consumer Cellular with no problems. Quick charge is great andgetting about two plus days on a charge with our type of usage.Great phones.
Love it!
What's up my Samsung Galaxy is broken. How is necessary to make fixed? ??
Good
It is beautiful, original and works perfectly. The thing is that this is the model sold in Africa (or international version, G925F). That is why it is even cheaper than the s6 flat. It works with more bands than the US version (G925I), so you can use it almost everywhere in the planet. You will only have to change the date and time settings and buy a US charger, everything else is the same than the US and Latinamerican version. It was worth the $300 saved buying this version instead of the G925I.
The cell phone is really good. I love it
I liked
Nice
Perfect
Awesome.
Came unlocked and in perfect condition!
So far so good! Connected to my gsm network well and it delivering as promised!
Excellent phone.
Meet all my expectation
The phone was a replacement/upgrade. It sure surpassed my expectations with its features and functionality. Very satisfied consumer here.
I absolutely love my new Samsung S6 Edge. The phone is super light, not too big or bulky and has a sleek feel to it that makes it a great choice. I particularly love the 'Edge' and it's many great features. Another great pro is that the camera is amazing too and takes sharp and high quality pictures.
This is my first edge phone, and I love it. Product arrived in a brand new package, completely sealed and phone was never touched. Beautiful phone for a great price.
beautiful desing
Excellent product and I received what I paid for !! and works very well in Costa Rica network !!
So Sad; someone just stole my phone from my seat back from FtLauderdale to St Thomas.
Great phone, well worth the money.
I bought this phone for my brother-in-law to us in Jamaica. I wasn't sure how i was going to test the phone to make sure it is unlocked till I found out it uses a nano chip now instead a macro. This was perfect because I have an iphone so I was able to use my sim card from Jamaica to test it out and It worked: texting and calling without wifi and then the wifi worked well on it's own with the data service off. I don't know much about the Samsung's Galaxy but I was able to move around apps and the home screen pretty easily. I don't know if the feature on the top right of the screen for speed dial was always there but I liked that feature. He will be happpy when he gets his new "toy" . The camera works well too!One thing to mention is that I found it odd that the Samsung seal on the box was broken but the company selling this said this was their doing to ensure the adapter that came with it was in fact from Europe. And to make sure all the components were in there. It was nice of them to give me a Type A plug( the ones used in the US and other parts of the Western Hemisphere)When he get's the phone I will update my review if he has anything to add.
Nice phone. could use some improvements. Yesterday it started to get hot then turned off. Had to look online for a how to fix, eventually I found it but it should come with a bug fix
I like it
I like it, but I have to give it back because it has a defect in its display. It has a circle with dead pixels on the left of the display, all black, with the size of an emoticon. On the next week I'll be sending it back for return, and as soon I have the credit on my card I'll buy another one, hoping it won't happen again. I'm sending you a photo. If you want to contact me, send an e-mail, or send me a phone where I can call.
Not much to say that hasnt been said many times over about this phone, but there is one factual error as it relates (only in the US) to the phone's description on compatibility with phone service providers. This phone does in fact work with CRICKET (as cricket is a GSM MVNO utilizing ATT's GSM network).I myself am using it with cricket and have both the g925f and the ATT s6 edge and there is no noticable difference in mobile connection performance. The only thing to note is that with this phone, you must set the APN settings appropriately. The ATT S6 Edge automatically detects and sets APN.
excellent. I recommend it 100%
A1A1
By far the best phone I've ever used since note2. Factory Unlocked is pefect for someone who travels around to get connect in every country. Not to mention the weight is so light and size of this is totally compact and enought to watch movie on.
Awesome phone !!!!!!
its amazing
Fantastic!!
Nice Phone
Phone was perfect and everything worked perfectly only reason for four stars was I got European phone charger and I live in the U.S which is a little frustrating but I am just glad the phone worked.
its a very nice phone theres some features that att has that wont work on the phone other than that i like it
Excellent device
Excellent, phone came on time, had it for one month no problems
Awesome phone super fast, (unlocked) works great with my small carrier company also the best looking phone I've had/seen!
What i expected
excelente
I don't think I received a new one, earbuds seemed used. But it looks new and works well. It works in South East Asia, too. Fingerprint scanner does not work as well as my iPhone, but it's minor inconvenience. For complete S6 reviews, should go to real tech review sites like cnet.
Everything and more than I expected.. Nice shape, feel and look...
Awesome
Excellent mobile phone. Beautiful design with a very good camera !(only the s7 camera is better)
The only thing better is a S7 Edge with a 200GB SD card. I have both. I upgraded only so I could have .WAV (lossless) 4000+ songs on my phone. If music storage isn't a driving factor, the S6 Edge is perfect.
I was satisfied with my purchase.
Es perfecto.
Great phone
i love this phone .... it's great !
Awesome phone!!
Love Love :-) get a lot of compliments
Awesome phone! Love the camera!
Happy with this purchase.
Best phone ever!!!!
Is was used
Great all around!
Excelente
Prompt delivery as promised and I and enjoying my new s6 edge
it is the best product that my money can buy can not compare it with any on the market !!!
perfect
Excellent!
Looks beautiful and its very functional, really I think is the best buy in my life! Thank you
Great Buy and awesome phone.
I totally love my new phone! !
Y is tha keep coming up????
Love it!!
This phone is everything
I'm reviewing the phone. I had to return this due to a dead pixel, so beware of that, and don't be afraid to return it as soon as you notice the issue.But this is the best phone put out by samsung in this size. I have no complaints beyond the dead pixel, and for some reason, it wouldn't pick up full TMobile Signal (Boston).
Arrived on time; works very well with the network in Belize; competitively priced
Excelente
Came on time, was unlocked, and no complaints!
everything perfect!
On time evriting good
❤️❤️❤️
The best phone I've ever had! Words can't describe it!
I love this phone! Ive had it before through a different mobile carrier but I changes providers and wanted to get it back instead of the cheep free phone they gave me. I was happy with the cost but I didn't know it came from the UK and the charger was not a USA compatable one. Thankfully I had one of my own to use. Other than that, I'm very happy with my purchase.
Ok
It's the latest Galaxy, need I say more? okay, Too many features to list here. The next one (s7) will have to really step it up, in order to out do this one.
I bought this for my friend living outside of the U.S., and he said it works perfectly.
Everything perfect the product and the shipping
Great phone!
It is a good purchase. Thanks
Nothing
Love my s6 edge phone thank you
T mobile cut the sims to insert to this phone, they do not upgrade software installed, got old manual downloaded from website, made in vietnam with no manual included. Over all is good GSM unlocked phone. Only wifi internet to upgrade software.
Nice phone..great camera.
love this phone! shipped sooner than I thought!
Excellent
Amazing Cell phone..Beats Apple IPhone all to hell
The item is as described. Works great and came without any problems or something weird.
Good product
Very nice
Very good all.
Very good
Thus phone is unbelievable
very good!
It works perfectly. I love it. delivery was quick and I am fully satisfied.
Great
fantastic transition from the Nexus 5 phone. Great phone.
Great phone!
perfect
Amazing product and perfect condition.
Nice i like
I bought two S6 Edge, excellent phones both and arrive on time, super professionals, I really recommended. I connected both S6 Edge on Metropcs no problem, super super happy, my wife and me :)
This is my first smart phone, so I don't have much experience with this kind of technology. I do love the edge design, although my roommate says it feels weird and I can see why as sometimes I feel as if I don't know where to touch on the screen. I also think the quality of the pictures is very good and that's what I really care about.As my first foray into smart phones, I think this is worth it, although it might take a while to get used to.
EXCELENT
excellent product, I recommend it, it would buy
Awesome
Amazing! No problems at all!
the product is described as is Excellent!
I'm enjoying it
dies a bit to fast
very good new as stated no complained since I received it.working pefectly I love it.
Fast shipping. Everything I was looking for.
Yes MySpace expectativas Washington corresponded
Perfect Phone arrived on time
Great phone in almost every way just wished it was shipped better than it was by cangero
Loving this phone.
excelenete
I have my phone, so far working perfectly, in Argentina, spanish language, 4G. It's very fast. With Fast charger it takes less than 50 min to be fully charged.
There are so many pros already listed by many, so I am going to talk only about the cons.Battery backup is very poor, doesn't last one full day.Fingerprint scanner doesn't work perfectly everytime, it needs some fix.Touch is not as intuitive as an iphone.
Delivered on time. great phone no issues.
Great phone, fast shipping.
great phone but the only problem they did the same thing as apple has done they closed the back of the battery pack. i do not like it.ps this phone is very slippery it tends to fall off the self by itself
Super happy with this phone. I had an S4 which I dropped and shattered completly, my phone is my life so I had to get a new one and really happy I picked this one. I love the design and all the up dated features, a little bit less expensive then buying it from a cell phone store. It shipped fast and arrived the day it said it would pacakaging was nice, and or as in its original sealed box with all accessories! I'd defiantly but it again!
I love my cellphone
A1
I bought this phone with the same seller last year, so I decided to buy the S6 edge with them too. The phone works really great in my country, and until now everything it's cool.
god
i like this phone！！no matters ,really pretty! battery is stronger than old series！
Best phone ever
Very good idea. I loved the phone, the idea of the edge, the way the phone was so fast.I had returned the phone though, as it was my first Samsung phone and I just didn't like how it worked.. It was a wonderful experience though.
my daughter is totally in love with her galaxy s6 edge
I don't know what some of these negative comments are talking about. No this isn't a scam, I received the g925F not the I (the F for international, the I for the India version. Although both have the EXACT same specs.) and the box doesn't have extra letters.... I must say, being a die hard iOS girl, that this is a nice phone. The screen is beautiful, it's android so you have to know it's not as simple (they have a toggle for a simpler version which I have yet to try), it's very presonisable. I was able to easily connect to my iPhone and transfer everything over, and when I say everything I mean everything! They matched my apps and if they didn't have the exact one they found one that was similer, freaking great option. Now for the people complain about battery life? WELCOME to the smart phone world, you wanted a mini TV screen that can multitask and be able to power a s*** ton of apps and keep up with what everyone is doing on facebook, twitter, myspace, tumbr and IG then yes the battery's suck. When you first get this phone you are going to sit there and program it to death, tweak everything to your liking. So the first week yeah your battery life is going to suck even more than normal. So androids I don't care which one has a s*** ton of apps that stay on in the back ground. So the apps with the screen saps your battery. So now you have two ways to fix this: a. Figure out to how to toggle all the apps from running in the background yourself which means you have to check up on them, or b. Download a app that does that exact thing for you such as juice defender or such like (no it doesn't turn off your fb no worries your gossip will come to you). Now with that being said the battery life and the way the phone is built has nothing to do with this seller. Why are you rating someone a horrible rate when it wasn't them who built the phone in their backyard?What you need to know when buying from this seller:* Crazy fast delivery, man got here super quick.* the phone was in it's box sealed and came with an American adapter for the charger.* the product works and works well. I bought it for cricket and works great. No damage.* Would I suggest you buy this phone coming from an iPhone? Yes! I like it, I definitely don't regret switching.* Would I suggest you buy it from this seller? Yes I gave the seller 5 stars. Awesome and would buy a phone again from them in the future.
It's much better that my NOTE 3... But the S voice is really sucks.
Nice gadget, however, the edge feature requires multiple rubs before it can be seen , overall good but if edge is really not cool better to go for S6 and save a couple of hundred $ , looks and feel is great .
Awesome cell phone
Awesome
special design, very high quality and performance.
excelente
I really like the phone!! Thank you so much
Very nice phone indeed! This is a must buy. The camera is great and there is no lag at all. Would recommend to my friends and family.
Such an awesome phone
It is good for H2O WIRELESS. But it is burning hot when I charge bettery.
I am enjoying
Very good service love the phone
Its a great looking phone, especially if you have the platinum gold. get tons of compliments on it, but i don't know if i got a defective model version or something but whenever i use the fast charging feature it gets so damn hot to the point where i can't touch it. It does get a bit lag sometimes considered this all the new upgrades this phone has, more ram and processor.
Trust me, the gold-platinium is the best color. Pretty good quality and surprisingly lightweight
Got here on time. Works great so far.
The best cellphone!
works great
Early Christmas gift love it!
I like it. It was a good deal the only problem I have is it came with a European fast charging plug not the standard u.s. plug.
Good purchase
Excelente
The design it' just amazing
I bought this phone because it has good review s.so far so good I like it
Love this phone.
Product is as has been stated but the only thing that falls short is the wall adapter pins use to charge the phone is not round nor slim pins to use when charging except relying on the USB cable included in the box for charging your phone. Delivery date was right on time. Thanks a lot
Very good!!
Yes
Perfect
This phone has everything one needs in life for example bathroom bedroom window etc
Excelent!.Unfortunately very poor battery performance. It doesn't last 10 hours.
Very good, will do it again
I am very happy with the phone thank u very much.....
I love the phone, I prefer Samsung instead Iphone really good product and Hi definition cameras
Very good
spectacular!!!!!
Very good condition and the new one of my life. I like it .
Excellent!!
Awesome cellphone, much better than iPhone 6s
Excellent product. it work perfectly on Digitel LTE network on Venezuela y T-Mobile LTE network on USA. it's so fast and resistant.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY PHONE!!!. I am a hardcore ingresser and this phone is totally awesome!!!!!
Nice phone
Amazing phone. Very impressed!
Super nice phone, great desing. Beatifu.
No comment
Very good product, arrived on time in perfect shap as descriped.
the best genuine
5 stars phone
Screen is absolutely beautiful and the camera is breath taking. At times I go to do something on it but the device's beauty distracts me and I forget what I was doing. Not a lie. Battery life best: 1 day 5 hrs moderate use, Great.I knew that I was leaving vanilla Android (Moto G LTE), but I didn't know I'd miss it so much; and if I could install it on the S6, I would. Touchwiz isn't so bad though.Over all, through iPhones, Galaxys (or is it Galaxies?), HTCs and Moto, the S6 edge gold, by spec and OS and design is the best phone I've owned. I had a user error issue where I thought the fingerprint scnner was not working but I made a better impression of my finger and its perfect. I've never used this on a phone before and it may take you a few tries to get a good print saved.Love the S6 edge. Get the S6 edge.
Love my new galaxy s6 edge....
Good sale
perfecto
Just what I wanted!
This Is a good buy brand new works pefectly...love it
Arrived and function as expected. all purchase process was great.
Good one love it.
Amazing phone... straight out of the box at to work it went. Couldn't ask for a better phone..
A great phone.
so ive had my phone since about 1/28/16 and its been working flawlessly! i purchased it with a case and screen protector and still no a scratch. camera has the best quality of any phone ive ever had; audio is crisp and clear. the edge is in all honesty unnecessary but fun to use. you can use it for contacts, speed dial(call text or email), news and many other notifications. if you rub the side a certain way it will tell the time without turning on the entire back light. (good for night time use).my carrier is cricket. i simply bought a sim also from amazon and set it up myself to avoid paying $25 for a $5 job. i usually have 4g signal probably because cricket uses at&t towers. overall this phone is a+ phone
Awesome
OK
Very good phone.
I got the product on time and I am not happy that the product is meant to be use in Middle Eastern country. Plug point doesn't support in US and the warranty card is in Arabic. Rest I love the phone.
Always been an Android and Samsung fan, but the S4 and S5 were disappointing in my opinion. The S6 edge however restores it's rightful place with the top end Android phones.It's quick, looks great and packed with features. Would hope for better battery performance, but you can't have everything
Awesome
loving it.
Great Phone loved how it was really responsive and really loved how the Samsung Galazy S6 Edge G925F was so efficient and easily assessable. I really loved this phone but i was in a rush to get this phone but i didn't look and how much this phone was unlocked with straight talk wireless. I will buy this phone when the price drops in value
I've had this phone for about a month or so now. I've had no problems at all except one that could be a major deal breaker. For some reason, my SAMSUNG phone isn't compatible with SAMSUNG apps. This is making me feel as if the phone is a fraud. The UI is exactly as a regular s6 edge should be but the fact that i cant download samsung apps like samsung+ or samsung gear is alarming. If this doesn't get fixed i will be returning this item in fear that its fake. Also on the back it has a code in the place of where it should say samsung galaxy s6 edge. It says CE0168 . Most of the s6 edges, including the one i had before this one had the logo instead of this code. This phone is becoming a red flag for me. Looking for some solutions ! If not it will be returned.
My Samsung 4G Lite crashed while traveling and I purchased the GalaxyS6 Edge G925F in September. While I am still navigating my way around it I am quite happy with its performance so far. What is most convenient? I was immediately able to connect with my information from my 4G Lite (using the sim card as well ), access my email and various apps I found useful and helpful.Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925F Unlocked Cellphone, 32GB, Gold Platinum[[ASIN:B00TX5PL52 Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925F Unlocked Cellphone, 32GB, Gold Platinum Love it!
All esa good
It's awesome thanks Amazon!!
Excellent device
Enjoying my phone but started off rough. Had to take to Samsung to fix.No problem with seller
Good handset however it has battery issues.
awesome works as expected
Good :D
Great phone
Excellent product
great phone !
great phone, I received it faster
ok
Love this phone
excelent
I am unable to hear sound from car audio when I connect my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge(SM-G925F) phone to my car audio system that supports Android Open Accessory.I contacted the Samsung Technical Support in US, but they do not have information because SM-G925F is Non-US/international model devices.Android version is 5.1.1 and Baseband version shows "G925FXXU3COI9".I am very satisfied at the device, but that is the only dissatisfied issue.
Yes
Phone works in Bolivia! Awesome
Still today the best movil phone available.
Amazing quality screen. The bigges con is antenna, can't get service places where my old iPhone 5 would.
It's extremely excellent
Nice!!
Beautiful
Bought two of them, they work.
OK
I love this phone. Works great overseas. Sleek and beautiful.
very good! thanks
great
I love it. This is the best phone is never have. But my only problem is how to download music and video
There’s a refreshing honesty about the S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge’s design. There’s no attempt to make smooth plastic look like metal, or textured plastic look like leather. No, this time around the edge is made of aluminium alloy that feels just as strong as it looks. The front is covered in Gorilla Glass 4 – the latest version of the popular toughened glass – and so is the back. Nothing feels cheap about the S6 Edge apart from a couple of tiny throwbacks to a bygone era – the ear speaker grille looks like metal-painted plastic and the inside of the SIM tray is plastic.It is definitely a great cell phone
I purchased this phone and am very happy with their performance, however've seen on the internet, that all are to s6 edge dual card slim. But mine is not as I know if I can place him two slim card??THANKS
the pone is great, works perfectly in Argentina
Its a good phone...feels premium on hand...the display and the camera are best when even compared to iPhone and other flagships out there in the market.....the headphones given may not be suitable for everyone...mine doesn't fit right into the ear and hence sound quality is lost ....other than that things are fine....gives a battery life of 12 hours on 4G...give or take....overall no complaints
Beautiful phone.. amazing specs and great camera. Definitely recommend!!
SO FAR IT'S AWESOME
good
Gooood
Worth every penny
Everything went perfectly. Item arrived as promised and is the genuine article. It works perfectly.
Excellent phone, although I decided to buy the Edge+ because of the size
i got the phone in two days and it is brand new with complete accessories! I'm very happy!
The phone itself is good,love the edge styling,real sleek...the downside to the phone is its battery life,I can hardly get a full day and i am not always on my phone.My service provider is H2O, so basically every time the phone gets a software update the cellular data settings gets reset for some reason.:-(
all perftct
Cool!!
The system is smooth. It works pretty well.Drawbacks: 1. I like to use my fingerprint instead of PIN to unlock my phone. But its fingerprint system is not as accurate as iphone Touch ID. I have to try several times.2. I don't like the original chinese input method, hard to use. Can any one tell me how to use google pinyin instead?
Good product, good seller
ok
A beauty of a phone, just thought it would do more.
love it
I love it.. this ph is great.. I really like it.. touch is rely gud and a lot of new options other ph doesn't have.. I'm glad I order this ph from amazon...
Ok
Great speed and memory. Always needs an extra battery for better capacity.
It is a great phone
good
I love it.
In spanish
Ok
I'm really happy for the product.
phone is as described
It was greaat
I LOVE this phone. Love love love. It's such a nice looking phone and the edge is such a cool feature. No regrets on buying this phone at all. I used to have a galaxy s4 mini, I call this my big kid phone haha.
Nice
Switched to android from Apple. Phone works well, takes great pics, and being able to switch between tabs with ease and run multiple things at once is nice. Price was a lot but worth it if you have a really good phone plan you don't want to mess with
Great
Works like a charm.No hidden problems. Look sharp like a james bond phone supposed to be.
works nice
No surprises and that's perfect!
Recive the phone today. It came with ear phones but I didn't received the house charger
Pretty good, battery saving is so op. Too bad is so expensive
Wonderful
Excellent Product!! All what I expected.
I am very happy with my celular.-
Very good
This device met all my son's expectations as it was purchased for him. So far I have heard no complaint.
Order was perfect
MUY BUENO
Excellent
Beautiful, fast phone. Bad battery life, but fast charging plus always being near an outlet doesn't make that too much of a problem.
My Galaxy S6 Edge would have received a 5-star rating if it hadn't locked me out 2 weeks after it arrived while I was on vacation. An expert was able to override the system and reset it for me. It turns out, Samsung initiated a system upgrade that created the problem with my phone. I like the phone very much.
Love this phone. It charges very fast but can get hot while in use or when charging. Fast speed for surfing and using apps. Used on the straighttalk network with no problem.
Great
Battery life sucks. But the phone is amazing!!! :) and the company is great. Always buy my electronics from world wide distributors
Excellent phone
Good
Got My phone today says Verizon is my phone unlocked can i connect it to sprint prepaid
Fast delivery. Item as described. Thank you.
I like the phone. Thanks.
Product is unlocked and goof quality; only thing buyers need to be mindful of is as these are foreign market Galaxies, Samsung Pay for the US WILL NOT work until it's rolled out for the region of the phone. If this is a service you want to use in the US right now, you'll need to eat the cost and buy an American model. Mine is an African model apparently so I have no idea when / if it will ever work. Also the samsung US bonuses you'd usually get for buying one of their US handsets will not work.
Good cell
Works great
excellent product very good buy
Phone is great, arrived on time, works great, I love the color
I like it a lot. You purchase a screen protector with it.
The phone has overheating issues and the battery life is terrible. Would recommend buying a Note 5 if you still want Samsung or there are other options like the Nexus 6P instead of this device.
Just amazing! Great sellers and great product!
Excellent Phone i bought this phone as a Gift from my mom =)
Excelent. Work perfect in UsA and Venezuela
great
I like this prodact very much. It's greate!
phone is amazingly well packed and works perfectly
Perfect
GoodBonBueno
My first experience with an 'international' phone but I love the color, design, features, value for price, everything about my phone. The seller gave what was advertised, sent it in record time, easy to set up, would buy from them again!
Its a EXCELENT phone choice, but, if you want root or unlock bootloader or root it, don't buy the "F" series, is a nightmare to do it.
SHIPPER FAILED TO PROVIDE CHARGE CARD FOR UNITED STATES.
Believe me!! this is the phone u wanna get✔
Forget the usual! White, black, and now gold are old news! Samsung did this right. Emerald green was a perfect colorway for this device. It fits the style and design of the phone perfectly. Especially if you find a great theme and app theme to go with the color. It's fast, it's sleek, it's comfortable in my hands, no lags or issues. The phone is superb. And if you know how to manage your apps and phone usage, the battery it better than most out right now. Worth every single penny spent! (I upgraded to this from a galaxy s4 so I'm sure you can understand why this is such a big deal to me.)Also here's what my home screen and drop down menu look like for those looking for ideas of what theme to put on the phone.
I love this new phone, it's amazing. I was worried about buying it online but it worked straight from the box. The seal was broken and the charger is weird but I just used my old charger for it. I don't regret buying it and I love the color, even though it's a little bit darker than I originally thought.
All ok!
Perfect !!
Arrived in perfect condition. Everything is intact as advertised. Extremely happy with the purchase and delivery.
Great phone. Same as described. Works great, no problems with it.
Clean brandnew in plastic its everything tgey said it was i got my green s6 edge
It's so good
Great device. Runs amazing, everything I was hoping for. However. I've only had it 3 months and a week or two, and my charging port is broken entirely. Can't get device to charge now. Disappointed in that majorly.
Very nice phone.
Absolutely in love with this phone... the screen is clarity is amazing. The only thing I would say about it is you definitely need a case for it. It feels a bit slippery in the hand
Love my edge ! I have been using it since August 2015. Bought it for my self as an early birthday present. And yes I can use any carrier on this phone.
Yes it is an awesome mobile I really liked it
Fast shipping, product as described.
Love everything about this phone!
Genial
awesome phone probably the best one to ever be made :):):)
Amazing! Everything about this phone surpasses all of the previous versions in the S serious. Being unable to open the back and replace memory card isn't a problem for me at all. However, the battery is small and causes the phone to run hot while I use it and try to charge it simultaneously.The speakers are loud, the headphones fit all ears, the camera is portrait worthy and the fingerprint scanner is on point. What not to love about this phone?!!!!If you're looking for a all purpose phone, this is for you. It blows iPhone out of the competition.
Works perfectly in the Caribbean so very happy
very good item.
On time perfect..!
It's excellent. Best samsung phone
Excelente producto.
Excelente
Excelente
Awesome, the Best dealer
I love it. This is the best phone is never have. But my only problem is how to download music and video
There’s a refreshing honesty about the S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge’s design. There’s no attempt to make smooth plastic look like metal, or textured plastic look like leather. No, this time around the edge is made of aluminium alloy that feels just as strong as it looks. The front is covered in Gorilla Glass 4 – the latest version of the popular toughened glass – and so is the back. Nothing feels cheap about the S6 Edge apart from a couple of tiny throwbacks to a bygone era – the ear speaker grille looks like metal-painted plastic and the inside of the SIM tray is plastic.It is definitely a great cell phone
I purchased this phone and am very happy with their performance, however've seen on the internet, that all are to s6 edge dual card slim. But mine is not as I know if I can place him two slim card??THANKS
the pone is great, works perfectly in Argentina
Its a good phone...feels premium on hand...the display and the camera are best when even compared to iPhone and other flagships out there in the market.....the headphones given may not be suitable for everyone...mine doesn't fit right into the ear and hence sound quality is lost ....other than that things are fine....gives a battery life of 12 hours on 4G...give or take....overall no complaints
Beautiful phone.. amazing specs and great camera. Definitely recommend!!
SO FAR IT'S AWESOME
good
T mobile cut the sims to insert to this phone, they do not upgrade software installed, got old manual downloaded from website, made in vietnam with no manual included. Over all is good GSM unlocked phone. Only wifi internet to upgrade software.
Nice phone..great camera.
love this phone! shipped sooner than I thought!
Excellent
Amazing Cell phone..Beats Apple IPhone all to hell
The item is as described. Works great and came without any problems or something weird.
Good product
dies a bit to fast
very good new as stated no complained since I received it.working pefectly I love it.
Fast shipping. Everything I was looking for.
Yes MySpace expectativas Washington corresponded
Perfect Phone arrived on time
Great phone in almost every way just wished it was shipped better than it was by cangero
Loving this phone.
excelenete
I have my phone, so far working perfectly, in Argentina, spanish language, 4G. It's very fast. With Fast charger it takes less than 50 min to be fully charged.
There are so many pros already listed by many, so I am going to talk only about the cons.Battery backup is very poor, doesn't last one full day.Fingerprint scanner doesn't work perfectly everytime, it needs some fix.Touch is not as intuitive as an iphone.
Great phone!
perfect
Amazing product and perfect condition.
Nice i like
I bought two S6 Edge, excellent phones both and arrive on time, super professionals, I really recommended. I connected both S6 Edge on Metropcs no problem, super super happy, my wife and me :)
This is my first smart phone, so I don't have much experience with this kind of technology. I do love the edge design, although my roommate says it feels weird and I can see why as sometimes I feel as if I don't know where to touch on the screen. I also think the quality of the pictures is very good and that's what I really care about.As my first foray into smart phones, I think this is worth it, although it might take a while to get used to.
EXCELENT
My Galaxy S6 Edge would have received a 5-star rating if it hadn't locked me out 2 weeks after it arrived while I was on vacation. An expert was able to override the system and reset it for me. It turns out, Samsung initiated a system upgrade that created the problem with my phone. I like the phone very much.
Love this phone. It charges very fast but can get hot while in use or when charging. Fast speed for surfing and using apps. Used on the straighttalk network with no problem.
Great
Battery life sucks. But the phone is amazing!!! :) and the company is great. Always buy my electronics from world wide distributors
Excellent phone
Good
Got My phone today says Verizon is my phone unlocked can i connect it to sprint prepaid
Fast delivery. Item as described. Thank you.
I like the phone. Thanks.
It works perfectly and its just as I saw it.
Very nice
Superb cellphone. Very sleek indeed.
Better then I expected!
very good, nice phone, hopefully works outside of USA I have to check,deal went smooth thanks, only one issue with shipping paid for 3 days deliver and was deliver in one week, waiting to clear error....
Just Great !!!
GOOD DEVICE.
Really really good phone
Just what I wanted!
This Is a good buy brand new works pefectly...love it
Arrived and function as expected. all purchase process was great.
Good one love it.
Amazing phone... straight out of the box at to work it went. Couldn't ask for a better phone..
A great phone.
so ive had my phone since about 1/28/16 and its been working flawlessly! i purchased it with a case and screen protector and still no a scratch. camera has the best quality of any phone ive ever had; audio is crisp and clear. the edge is in all honesty unnecessary but fun to use. you can use it for contacts, speed dial(call text or email), news and many other notifications. if you rub the side a certain way it will tell the time without turning on the entire back light. (good for night time use).my carrier is cricket. i simply bought a sim also from amazon and set it up myself to avoid paying $25 for a $5 job. i usually have 4g signal probably because cricket uses at&t towers. overall this phone is a+ phone
I was satisfied with my purchase.
Es perfecto.
Great phone
i love this phone .... it's great !
Awesome phone!!
Love Love :-) get a lot of compliments
Awesome phone! Love the camera!
great. one of the best phones ever.
Fantastic phone with many features to offer. Great build quality!
Though I waited for the phone forever to arrive, at least I am very satisfied with what I received. The phone is beatiful, and embedded with so many features.
I did a lot of research on choosing between iPhone and Samsung. I was a Windows phone user for years, and I really wanted to make best choice for a new phone and operating system. Firstly, both iPhone and Samsung are "made in China", so I did not have a moral dilemma in choosing Samsung based on trying to support American jobs. IF iPhone were made in USA, I would have bought it over the Samsung, hands down. My husband is an iPhone person, but he's been disappointed with lagging and constant updates and re-syncing with computer. I did not see that problem with Samsung. The screen of Samsung is superior to iPhone and the camera is much better too! The operating system rocks, and with all the Google free apps and free Google Cloud drive, I have a fast, very useful, phone with more than enough phone storage for pics/videos/apps (use the Cloud drive - you'll love it!). I also stream Prime movies and music constantly now on my S6 with no problems... and did I mention how beautiful the screen is?!I bought the phone unlocked and used my previous TMOB SIM card. Easy with no service or plan hiccups. You may ask why I didn't opt for the S7 or wait for the super duper Note7. Bottom line, the S6 Edge more than fit my needs for way less money than the 7X's. I am learning more about the S6 as I take time to read thru the manual and functions. But overall, it's been a very easy phone to figure out. My only pesky areas are figuring out how to set all my sounds for all the different alerts that come from apps (not as simple as it should be) and there is something with Group Text that doesn't reply/incoming texts as a Group. But minor stuff to Google and find answers to.I think you will be happy with the S6 Edge if you are having budget that prevents a 7X at this time : )
Excelente celular
This meets all expectations so far. Thin, light, powerful. This thing has more juice than my laptop!
Best phone
Nothng to complan...EXCELLENT PRODUCT..!! Works like a charm...!!!
Amazing phone, fast, responsive, fingerprint recognition a little slow but other than that its great. The only "bad" thing i could say about this phone is the SD expansion, since you can't open the back anymore, there is really no way to actually expand the memory you have to get a few adapters to use the SD, but if you are using the clouds it should not be much of a issue.No other concerns about it, i would give it a 9.4/10
great unlocked phone real great deal on amazon perfect works as unlocked , international and t mobile
Great phone got exactly what i payed for and everything was in legit.
works good
Its a great phone really. The edge is a lot better than the regular S6. Phone is pretty strong, battery life is great. Disappointed in the lack of expandable memory but with the various sizes its cool. Its a great phone if you're an android fan. I found the edge scene to be a bit useless, especially having to turn the phone down to get the light feature for customised contacts. I basically used it like a regular S6 however, it felt a little better in my hands with the edges. I recommend getting a simple case, nothing thats bulky..MY device however started slowing down after some time (approx. 3-4weeks) and my memory was more or less empty still, so be mindful of that also
No comment
Very good product, arrived on time in perfect shap as descriped.
the best genuine
5 stars phone
Screen is absolutely beautiful and the camera is breath taking. At times I go to do something on it but the device's beauty distracts me and I forget what I was doing. Not a lie. Battery life best: 1 day 5 hrs moderate use, Great.I knew that I was leaving vanilla Android (Moto G LTE), but I didn't know I'd miss it so much; and if I could install it on the S6, I would. Touchwiz isn't so bad though.Over all, through iPhones, Galaxys (or is it Galaxies?), HTCs and Moto, the S6 edge gold, by spec and OS and design is the best phone I've owned. I had a user error issue where I thought the fingerprint scnner was not working but I made a better impression of my finger and its perfect. I've never used this on a phone before and it may take you a few tries to get a good print saved.Love the S6 edge. Get the S6 edge.
Love my new galaxy s6 edge....
Good sale
perfecto
I am very happy with my celular.-
Very good
This device met all my son's expectations as it was purchased for him. So far I have heard no complaint.
Very nice
Very good all.
Very good
Thus phone is unbelievable
very good!
It works perfectly. I love it. delivery was quick and I am fully satisfied.
Great
fantastic transition from the Nexus 5 phone. Great phone.
Its a great looking phone, especially if you have the platinum gold. get tons of compliments on it, but i don't know if i got a defective model version or something but whenever i use the fast charging feature it gets so damn hot to the point where i can't touch it. It does get a bit lag sometimes considered this all the new upgrades this phone has, more ram and processor.
Trust me, the gold-platinium is the best color. Pretty good quality and surprisingly lightweight
Got here on time. Works great so far.
The best cellphone!
works great
Early Christmas gift love it!
I like it. It was a good deal the only problem I have is it came with a European fast charging plug not the standard u.s. plug.
Great phone
Excellent product
great phone !
great phone, I received it faster
ok
Love this phone
excelent
Meet all my expectation
The phone was a replacement/upgrade. It sure surpassed my expectations with its features and functionality. Very satisfied consumer here.
I absolutely love my new Samsung S6 Edge. The phone is super light, not too big or bulky and has a sleek feel to it that makes it a great choice. I particularly love the 'Edge' and it's many great features. Another great pro is that the camera is amazing too and takes sharp and high quality pictures.
This is my first edge phone, and I love it. Product arrived in a brand new package, completely sealed and phone was never touched. Beautiful phone for a great price.
beautiful desing
Excellent product and I received what I paid for !! and works very well in Costa Rica network !!
So Sad; someone just stole my phone from my seat back from FtLauderdale to St Thomas.
Great phone, well worth the money.
Good purchase
Excelente
The design it' just amazing
I bought this phone because it has good review s.so far so good I like it
Love this phone.
Product is as has been stated but the only thing that falls short is the wall adapter pins use to charge the phone is not round nor slim pins to use when charging except relying on the USB cable included in the box for charging your phone. Delivery date was right on time. Thanks a lot
Very good!!
Yes
It is beautiful, original and works perfectly. The thing is that this is the model sold in Africa (or international version, G925F). That is why it is even cheaper than the s6 flat. It works with more bands than the US version (G925I), so you can use it almost everywhere in the planet. You will only have to change the date and time settings and buy a US charger, everything else is the same than the US and Latinamerican version. It was worth the $300 saved buying this version instead of the G925I.
The cell phone is really good. I love it
I liked
Nice
Perfect
Awesome.
Came unlocked and in perfect condition!
So far so good! Connected to my gsm network well and it delivering as promised!
Excellent phone.
Delivered on time. great phone no issues.
Great phone, fast shipping.
great phone but the only problem they did the same thing as apple has done they closed the back of the battery pack. i do not like it.ps this phone is very slippery it tends to fall off the self by itself
Super happy with this phone. I had an S4 which I dropped and shattered completly, my phone is my life so I had to get a new one and really happy I picked this one. I love the design and all the up dated features, a little bit less expensive then buying it from a cell phone store. It shipped fast and arrived the day it said it would pacakaging was nice, and or as in its original sealed box with all accessories! I'd defiantly but it again!
I love my cellphone
A1
I bought this phone with the same seller last year, so I decided to buy the S6 edge with them too. The phone works really great in my country, and until now everything it's cool.
god
I am unable to hear sound from car audio when I connect my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge(SM-G925F) phone to my car audio system that supports Android Open Accessory.I contacted the Samsung Technical Support in US, but they do not have information because SM-G925F is Non-US/international model devices.Android version is 5.1.1 and Baseband version shows "G925FXXU3COI9".I am very satisfied at the device, but that is the only dissatisfied issue.
Yes
Phone works in Bolivia! Awesome
Still today the best movil phone available.
Amazing quality screen. The bigges con is antenna, can't get service places where my old iPhone 5 would.
It's extremely excellent
Nice!!
PUT 5 STARS ZO EVERBODY CAN SEE IT I JUST GOT MY PACKAGES WITHOUT A CELLPHONE IN IT NOW I LOST MY $600 **** U SAMSUNG!!!!!!!!!!!! and seller !!!!!!!
Never wanted a touch cell phone because of all the gadgets. Now that I have it, I love it. Very convenient and easy to use particularly when I am on the road.
I love this phone except the battery life is so poor.
Great Cellphone
good
I love it.
In spanish
Ok
I'm really happy for the product.
phone is as described
It was greaat
I LOVE this phone. Love love love. It's such a nice looking phone and the edge is such a cool feature. No regrets on buying this phone at all. I used to have a galaxy s4 mini, I call this my big kid phone haha.
Excellent Product!! All what I expected.
Perfecto
It's perfect, simply said .
A beautiful and new phone. The design is perfect and it works smoothly
The phone works really nice. It is very fast and the edge looks great too. Only one thing I am not happy with. When the phone is locked, the camera is always opened and it took so many photos inside the pocket.
Love the phone
Love it.
Happy with this purchase.
Best phone ever!!!!
Is was used
Great all around!
Excelente
Prompt delivery as promised and I and enjoying my new s6 edge
it is the best product that my money can buy can not compare it with any on the market !!!
perfect
Excellent!
Looks beautiful and its very functional, really I think is the best buy in my life! Thank you
Cool!
Very good and just as expected
It changed my life....
Excellent Product. The best phone that i have bought. Ultra Recommended!
Great Buy and awesome phone.
I totally love my new phone! !
Y is tha keep coming up????
Love it!!
This phone is everything
I'm reviewing the phone. I had to return this due to a dead pixel, so beware of that, and don't be afraid to return it as soon as you notice the issue.But this is the best phone put out by samsung in this size. I have no complaints beyond the dead pixel, and for some reason, it wouldn't pick up full TMobile Signal (Boston).
Arrived on time; works very well with the network in Belize; competitively priced
Excelente
Came on time, was unlocked, and no complaints!
everything perfect!
Amazing
Very useful
Phone is great. Super happy 😁
My wife and I have been using these phones from Wireless Everything for about a month and half now. They worked great out of the box, withno problems to this point. They are unlocked phones and were activated with Consumer Cellular with no problems. Quick charge is great andgetting about two plus days on a charge with our type of usage.Great phones.
Love it!
What's up my Samsung Galaxy is broken. How is necessary to make fixed? ??
Good
I bought this phone for my brother-in-law to us in Jamaica. I wasn't sure how i was going to test the phone to make sure it is unlocked till I found out it uses a nano chip now instead a macro. This was perfect because I have an iphone so I was able to use my sim card from Jamaica to test it out and It worked: texting and calling without wifi and then the wifi worked well on it's own with the data service off. I don't know much about the Samsung's Galaxy but I was able to move around apps and the home screen pretty easily. I don't know if the feature on the top right of the screen for speed dial was always there but I liked that feature. He will be happpy when he gets his new "toy" . The camera works well too!One thing to mention is that I found it odd that the Samsung seal on the box was broken but the company selling this said this was their doing to ensure the adapter that came with it was in fact from Europe. And to make sure all the components were in there. It was nice of them to give me a Type A plug( the ones used in the US and other parts of the Western Hemisphere)When he get's the phone I will update my review if he has anything to add.
Nice phone. could use some improvements. Yesterday it started to get hot then turned off. Had to look online for a how to fix, eventually I found it but it should come with a bug fix
I like it
I like it, but I have to give it back because it has a defect in its display. It has a circle with dead pixels on the left of the display, all black, with the size of an emoticon. On the next week I'll be sending it back for return, and as soon I have the credit on my card I'll buy another one, hoping it won't happen again. I'm sending you a photo. If you want to contact me, send an e-mail, or send me a phone where I can call.
Not much to say that hasnt been said many times over about this phone, but there is one factual error as it relates (only in the US) to the phone's description on compatibility with phone service providers. This phone does in fact work with CRICKET (as cricket is a GSM MVNO utilizing ATT's GSM network).I myself am using it with cricket and have both the g925f and the ATT s6 edge and there is no noticable difference in mobile connection performance. The only thing to note is that with this phone, you must set the APN settings appropriately. The ATT S6 Edge automatically detects and sets APN.
excellent. I recommend it 100%
A1A1
By far the best phone I've ever used since note2. Factory Unlocked is pefect for someone who travels around to get connect in every country. Not to mention the weight is so light and size of this is totally compact and enought to watch movie on.
Good product, good seller
ok
A beauty of a phone, just thought it would do more.
love it
I love it.. this ph is great.. I really like it.. touch is rely gud and a lot of new options other ph doesn't have.. I'm glad I order this ph from amazon...
Ok
Great speed and memory. Always needs an extra battery for better capacity.
It is a great phone
excellent product, I recommend it, it would buy
Awesome
Amazing! No problems at all!
the product is described as is Excellent!
I'm enjoying it
Order was perfect
MUY BUENO
Excellent
Beautiful, fast phone. Bad battery life, but fast charging plus always being near an outlet doesn't make that too much of a problem.
Great
I received a quality product meeting my expectationsThank You
The shipping was great and the phone works perfectly in any place, I would definitely recommend it
I received it on Monday. I really like it. I switched from an IPhone 5s to this because I was before with android and now I'm back. I surely like s6 edge. Didn't buy s7 cause heard some devices have problems.
excellent product The cell phone works fine The original samsung package never open
Product arrived on time and was as described
Good product
Perfect
This phone has everything one needs in life for example bathroom bedroom window etc
Excelent!.Unfortunately very poor battery performance. It doesn't last 10 hours.
Very good, will do it again
I am very happy with the phone thank u very much.....
I love the phone, I prefer Samsung instead Iphone really good product and Hi definition cameras
Very good
spectacular!!!!!
Very good condition and the new one of my life. I like it .
What i expected
excelente
I don't think I received a new one, earbuds seemed used. But it looks new and works well. It works in South East Asia, too. Fingerprint scanner does not work as well as my iPhone, but it's minor inconvenience. For complete S6 reviews, should go to real tech review sites like cnet.
Everything and more than I expected.. Nice shape, feel and look...
Awesome
Excellent mobile phone. Beautiful design with a very good camera !(only the s7 camera is better)
The only thing better is a S7 Edge with a 200GB SD card. I have both. I upgraded only so I could have .WAV (lossless) 4000+ songs on my phone. If music storage isn't a driving factor, the S6 Edge is perfect.
special design, very high quality and performance.
excelente
I really like the phone!! Thank you so much
Very nice phone indeed! This is a must buy. The camera is great and there is no lag at all. Would recommend to my friends and family.
Such an awesome phone
It is good for H2O WIRELESS. But it is burning hot when I charge bettery.
I am enjoying
Very good service love the phone
I've had this phone for about a month or so now. I've had no problems at all except one that could be a major deal breaker. For some reason, my SAMSUNG phone isn't compatible with SAMSUNG apps. This is making me feel as if the phone is a fraud. The UI is exactly as a regular s6 edge should be but the fact that i cant download samsung apps like samsung+ or samsung gear is alarming. If this doesn't get fixed i will be returning this item in fear that its fake. Also on the back it has a code in the place of where it should say samsung galaxy s6 edge. It says CE0168 . Most of the s6 edges, including the one i had before this one had the logo instead of this code. This phone is becoming a red flag for me. Looking for some solutions ! If not it will be returned.
My Samsung 4G Lite crashed while traveling and I purchased the GalaxyS6 Edge G925F in September. While I am still navigating my way around it I am quite happy with its performance so far. What is most convenient? I was immediately able to connect with my information from my 4G Lite (using the sim card as well ), access my email and various apps I found useful and helpful.Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925F Unlocked Cellphone, 32GB, Gold Platinum[[ASIN:B00TX5PL52 Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925F Unlocked Cellphone, 32GB, Gold Platinum Love it!
All esa good
It's awesome thanks Amazon!!
Excellent device
Enjoying my phone but started off rough. Had to take to Samsung to fix.No problem with seller
Good handset however it has battery issues.
awesome works as expected
Good :D
Love my new phone!
Perfect
I love this phone. It came 1 day late but I don't care . About the functionality of the phone I highly recommend it. It's such a fast and a beautiful thing. And of course the battery life is amazing, it last at least 14 hours
Absolutely love this phone. I changed from BB to S5 one year ago and S5 didn't convince me at all. But this S6 is great.
Phone as advertised, easy to use with just some minor glitches
Excelente teléfono
Beautiful phone
Received what was offered in time and fashion way. Very satisfied.
im really happy with my purchase,i will buy it again.
Excelent Smartphone and Seller!
Gooood
Worth every penny
Everything went perfectly. Item arrived as promised and is the genuine article. It works perfectly.
Excellent phone, although I decided to buy the Edge+ because of the size
i got the phone in two days and it is brand new with complete accessories! I'm very happy!
The phone itself is good,love the edge styling,real sleek...the downside to the phone is its battery life,I can hardly get a full day and i am not always on my phone.My service provider is H2O, so basically every time the phone gets a software update the cellular data settings gets reset for some reason.:-(
all perftct
Cool!!
The system is smooth. It works pretty well.Drawbacks: 1. I like to use my fingerprint instead of PIN to unlock my phone. But its fingerprint system is not as accurate as iphone Touch ID. I have to try several times.2. I don't like the original chinese input method, hard to use. Can any one tell me how to use google pinyin instead?
On time evriting good
❤️❤️❤️
The best phone I've ever had! Words can't describe it!
I love this phone! Ive had it before through a different mobile carrier but I changes providers and wanted to get it back instead of the cheep free phone they gave me. I was happy with the cost but I didn't know it came from the UK and the charger was not a USA compatable one. Thankfully I had one of my own to use. Other than that, I'm very happy with my purchase.
Ok
It's the latest Galaxy, need I say more? okay, Too many features to list here. The next one (s7) will have to really step it up, in order to out do this one.
I bought this for my friend living outside of the U.S., and he said it works perfectly.
Excellent!!
Awesome cellphone, much better than iPhone 6s
Excellent product. it work perfectly on Digitel LTE network on Venezuela y T-Mobile LTE network on USA. it's so fast and resistant.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY PHONE!!!. I am a hardcore ingresser and this phone is totally awesome!!!!!
Nice phone
Amazing phone. Very impressed!
Super nice phone, great desing. Beatifu.
It works perfectly and its just as I saw it.
Very nice
Superb cellphone. Very sleek indeed.
Better then I expected!
very good, nice phone, hopefully works outside of USA I have to check,deal went smooth thanks, only one issue with shipping paid for 3 days deliver and was deliver in one week, waiting to clear error....
GOOD DEVICE.
Really really good phone
I bought this phone for my brother-in-law to us in Jamaica. I wasn't sure how i was going to test the phone to make sure it is unlocked till I found out it uses a nano chip now instead a macro. This was perfect because I have an iphone so I was able to use my sim card from Jamaica to test it out and It worked: texting and calling without wifi and then the wifi worked well on it's own with the data service off. I don't know much about the Samsung's Galaxy but I was able to move around apps and the home screen pretty easily. I don't know if the feature on the top right of the screen for speed dial was always there but I liked that feature. He will be happpy when he gets his new "toy" . The camera works well too!One thing to mention is that I found it odd that the Samsung seal on the box was broken but the company selling this said this was their doing to ensure the adapter that came with it was in fact from Europe. And to make sure all the components were in there. It was nice of them to give me a Type A plug( the ones used in the US and other parts of the Western Hemisphere)When he get's the phone I will update my review if he has anything to add.
Nice phone. could use some improvements. Yesterday it started to get hot then turned off. Had to look online for a how to fix, eventually I found it but it should come with a bug fix
I like it
I like it, but I have to give it back because it has a defect in its display. It has a circle with dead pixels on the left of the display, all black, with the size of an emoticon. On the next week I'll be sending it back for return, and as soon I have the credit on my card I'll buy another one, hoping it won't happen again. I'm sending you a photo. If you want to contact me, send an e-mail, or send me a phone where I can call.
Not much to say that hasnt been said many times over about this phone, but there is one factual error as it relates (only in the US) to the phone's description on compatibility with phone service providers. This phone does in fact work with CRICKET (as cricket is a GSM MVNO utilizing ATT's GSM network).I myself am using it with cricket and have both the g925f and the ATT s6 edge and there is no noticable difference in mobile connection performance. The only thing to note is that with this phone, you must set the APN settings appropriately. The ATT S6 Edge automatically detects and sets APN.
excellent. I recommend it 100%
A1A1
By far the best phone I've ever used since note2. Factory Unlocked is pefect for someone who travels around to get connect in every country. Not to mention the weight is so light and size of this is totally compact and enought to watch movie on.
I love it. This is the best phone is never have. But my only problem is how to download music and video
There’s a refreshing honesty about the S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge’s design. There’s no attempt to make smooth plastic look like metal, or textured plastic look like leather. No, this time around the edge is made of aluminium alloy that feels just as strong as it looks. The front is covered in Gorilla Glass 4 – the latest version of the popular toughened glass – and so is the back. Nothing feels cheap about the S6 Edge apart from a couple of tiny throwbacks to a bygone era – the ear speaker grille looks like metal-painted plastic and the inside of the SIM tray is plastic.It is definitely a great cell phone
I purchased this phone and am very happy with their performance, however've seen on the internet, that all are to s6 edge dual card slim. But mine is not as I know if I can place him two slim card??THANKS
Its a good phone...feels premium on hand...the display and the camera are best when even compared to iPhone and other flagships out there in the market.....the headphones given may not be suitable for everyone...mine doesn't fit right into the ear and hence sound quality is lost ....other than that things are fine....gives a battery life of 12 hours on 4G...give or take....overall no complaints
Beautiful phone.. amazing specs and great camera. Definitely recommend!!
SO FAR IT'S AWESOME
T mobile cut the sims to insert to this phone, they do not upgrade software installed, got old manual downloaded from website, made in vietnam with no manual included. Over all is good GSM unlocked phone. Only wifi internet to upgrade software.
Nice phone..great camera.
love this phone! shipped sooner than I thought!
Excellent
Amazing Cell phone..Beats Apple IPhone all to hell
The item is as described. Works great and came without any problems or something weird.
Good product
Delivered on time. great phone no issues.
Great phone, fast shipping.
great phone but the only problem they did the same thing as apple has done they closed the back of the battery pack. i do not like it.ps this phone is very slippery it tends to fall off the self by itself
Super happy with this phone. I had an S4 which I dropped and shattered completly, my phone is my life so I had to get a new one and really happy I picked this one. I love the design and all the up dated features, a little bit less expensive then buying it from a cell phone store. It shipped fast and arrived the day it said it would pacakaging was nice, and or as in its original sealed box with all accessories! I'd defiantly but it again!
I love my cellphone
A1
I bought this phone with the same seller last year, so I decided to buy the S6 edge with them too. The phone works really great in my country, and until now everything it's cool.
god
No comment
Very good product, arrived on time in perfect shap as descriped.
the best genuine
5 stars phone
Screen is absolutely beautiful and the camera is breath taking. At times I go to do something on it but the device's beauty distracts me and I forget what I was doing. Not a lie. Battery life best: 1 day 5 hrs moderate use, Great.I knew that I was leaving vanilla Android (Moto G LTE), but I didn't know I'd miss it so much; and if I could install it on the S6, I would. Touchwiz isn't so bad though.Over all, through iPhones, Galaxys (or is it Galaxies?), HTCs and Moto, the S6 edge gold, by spec and OS and design is the best phone I've owned. I had a user error issue where I thought the fingerprint scnner was not working but I made a better impression of my finger and its perfect. I've never used this on a phone before and it may take you a few tries to get a good print saved.Love the S6 edge. Get the S6 edge.
Love my new galaxy s6 edge....
Good sale
perfecto
It is beautiful, original and works perfectly. The thing is that this is the model sold in Africa (or international version, G925F). That is why it is even cheaper than the s6 flat. It works with more bands than the US version (G925I), so you can use it almost everywhere in the planet. You will only have to change the date and time settings and buy a US charger, everything else is the same than the US and Latinamerican version. It was worth the $300 saved buying this version instead of the G925I.
The cell phone is really good. I love it
I liked
Nice
Perfect
Awesome.
Came unlocked and in perfect condition!
So far so good! Connected to my gsm network well and it delivering as promised!
Excellent phone.
My Galaxy S6 Edge would have received a 5-star rating if it hadn't locked me out 2 weeks after it arrived while I was on vacation. An expert was able to override the system and reset it for me. It turns out, Samsung initiated a system upgrade that created the problem with my phone. I like the phone very much.
Love this phone. It charges very fast but can get hot while in use or when charging. Fast speed for surfing and using apps. Used on the straighttalk network with no problem.
Great
Battery life sucks. But the phone is amazing!!! :) and the company is great. Always buy my electronics from world wide distributors
Excellent phone
Good
Got My phone today says Verizon is my phone unlocked can i connect it to sprint prepaid
Fast delivery. Item as described. Thank you.
I like the phone. Thanks.
Nice
really nice and i like the style and all the apps
excellent, the phone was brand new phone , the condition was excellent! i loved it!
Perfect phone
I love the cell phone since first time i received everything was perfect.. i have a little problem whit the cell phone and the store will replace for another one.. for sure ill be buy again with you. Thank u for be loyal with your customers.
This item came as described. I am very pleased with this product.
I am really pleased with this product. It came as described by the seller.
Exactly what I expected.Thank you.
There is nothing not to like about this phone. It has a beautiful camera it is fast and its a stunningly good looking phone in all aspects.
Quick shipping great price love the product
OMG. Love the phone. I was worried about ordering it online but it turned out great. No defects and its been a year since and it works just fine.The phone is nice and sleek.
thank you
Excelent
It's been good so far... I'm glad I bought this fone.
Excellent!!!
Nice cellphone. It is the best
Good
The phone arrived as the promised time and it works wonderfully.
It's very good
The phone met my expectations. I have been using it since then and I haven't seen any problem. The seller is also one of the best.
Everything was fine. Phone are working perfectly in Argentina, although it has no Spanish language option
I absolutely love this phone! I bought it used and it was pretty much as if brand new. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the battery does die a little faster than I'd prefer, but it also charges ridiculously fast as well.
The best phone yet!
It's a great cell with 64 GB,
i love it. its my first real good smart phone. love playing games on it.
Third time is a charm! FINALLY I got what I paid for, after returning two suspicious devices!DEVICE No. 1:So... I ordered this Galaxy S6 Edge for my girlfriend as her birthday gift. I did not want to purchase it through a carrier, so I got the G925F model, knowing it won't be covered by Samsung's warranty because it's a global version. However, when I received the phone, I couldn't help but think it has been opened. As you can see in my picture, the original Samsung seal has been cut open (clean cut) and then a new sticker was on top of that to cover that up. I thought I saw two stickers, but when my girlfriend lifted the first one, the second one at the bottom was revealed and we could immediately see that the case has been opened. Even thought this was sold at a "NEW" device, my girlfriend felt like it has been opened previously and she did not want to keep anything that was suspicious. I purchased the first one from WIRELESS PLACE. I contacted the seller, asking for explanation and the seller just said I was accusing him/her and basically provided no explanation. I left a seller feedback, and Amazon immediately deleted it saying they fulfilled the order and it wasn't the seller's fault. However, how is Amazon responsible for an item when it was supplied like that by the seller? I don't get it. Anyhow - I was able to return the first device. I do not recommend Wireless Place at all.DEVICE No. 2:Because we returned the first one, now my girlfriend was sad because she didn't have the gift on her birthday. I immediately ordered a second one, this time from SHOPEBEST. This time, before I placed the order I reached out to the seller and asked specifically, "I have purchased it from another seller and the seal was tampered with- is your device 100% brand-new, never been opened?" and the seller confirmed the device was a brand-new device and it's never been opened. So I was confidant in my purchase and ordered it from this seller and I thought everything was good to go....Well, we received the device from Shopebest, and there were a few things that were wrong with this order. First, the seller said it was G925I model (very confidant seller, guaranteed it was the i model) but the one we received was G925F model. We did not complain at all about this - just thought the seller did not keep good track of what they were selling. Because the F model has more LTE bands, it was a plus.However, the case had a problem..... it did not have the Samsung seal on the short side of the box, it was just put on the box, rather randomly, on the long side of the box and it wasn't even straight. Also, my girlfriend opened it up and checked the phone, and guess what? The OS was already upgraded to 5.1.1!!!!!!!!!! That means someone has opened it, used it, and upgraded the phone to the latest OS. And even if you reset the phone to factory setting, you can't uninstall the OS (without rooting the phone). So we had our suspicion, but wanted to make sure and check with Samsung before we make false accusations. So we e-mailed Samsung UAE (the phone said it was from UAE) and received the following answers.An excerpt from the email we received from the Samsung UAE agent (what is in the parenthesis is my question):(1. Where on your S6 Edge box do you place the Samsung warning seal that says _quotdo not accept if this seal has been broken_quot? Is it the top or bottom, or the sides where it''''s longer in length?)"For your inquiry, Samsung Gulf Electronics supply all Mobile phones to two Authorized distributors in UAE (Eros & Axiom) and you can find two Samsung seal placed on the device box at the narrow sides then the distributor seal placed on four or two sides of the device box after packing using transparent plastic."(2. What Android OS did this come out of the factory? If a phone is straight from the factory, should it have OS 5.0.1 or 5.1.1?)"Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge (Gulf model) come with Android Lollipop 5.0.1"(3. Based on my IMEI number, do I have the 925F model or is this a 925I model?)"We have verified the IMEI number and found that the device having the market code of UAE the model number is SM-G925F."So there you go, we now know for sure that it wasn't exported by an authorized dealer and also the seal was not put on the longer side of the case by Samsung - they always put it on the short side. I knew about this because I have purchased Galaxy phones before from Korea, from Samsung store and they all had the "DO NOT ACCEPT" seal on the short sides. So we got confirmation that this device has been upgraded by someone else who has opened the box and used the phone. Of course, returned it. At this point, the only reason we were able to remain calm was the Amazon's policy and its customer service reps. It was ridiculous.DEVICE No. 3:FINALLY! I purchased the last one - was going to just go to AT&T and purchase it outright if this one had problems too - from the seller OPEN GROUP WIRELESS. As soon as we opened the package, we knew we got the real deal this time. Please refer to my images that I attached below. They have all the seals where they are supposed to be, no double seal, no misplaced / randomly placed seal, etc. This one had the Samsung seal on the short side and the dealer sticker also. We carefully examined the package and opened the box. The GF checked the phone, OS, and everything and everything was good! She is now super happy that she got the good product. We called the seller before placing this order as well, and the person who answered the phone at Open Group Wireless could not be any more rude. She was extremely rude, but we don't even care because we finally got what we paid for. The reason why we purchased from this seller is because when we asked what side the seal was, the woman said it was on the short side.Now, we are getting more information about the device through Samsung Korea customer service center (located in Suwon) to see if this was exported by authorized dealer and to trace it back to the country of origin because now the device does not say where it's from. Based on their answer, if we find anything contrary to our belief that it is a good, genuine, unused product, then I'll update the review then.I am posting this review on all three product pages.
excellent product very good buy
It's a wonderfull phone. Beautifull and powerfull.
Everything is ok, I love this cellphone.
excellent no problems all were ok
Excellent
Really nice. Camera is great but once you upload it, its blurred.
Recommend excellent product like the delivery time was excellent.
Excellent phone! bought it for my brother and this phone is amazing!!! works like a charming internationally!
the BESTTTTTTT
Excellent phone.
Fast shipping. Thanks good item. The same how was descriped
Everything alright. Excelent!
Excelent
This is an awesome phone. Althought the edge feature is a bit worthless to me. Had I known what it really was, I would have just purchased the regular S6. But it does look really cool. Good interaction with vendor, quick easy order and delivery.
Excelente
Highly recommended!! +++++
I love it !! It`s the best cel ever !!!!
A1EXCELENT
Great phone, works fine so far
Nice
really nice and i like the style and all the apps
Perfect phone
I love the cell phone since first time i received everything was perfect.. i have a little problem whit the cell phone and the store will replace for another one.. for sure ill be buy again with you. Thank u for be loyal with your customers.
This item came as described. I am very pleased with this product.
I am really pleased with this product. It came as described by the seller.
Exactly what I expected.Thank you.
All ok
Seems great soon buying one. Great customer service highly recommend!
Nice phoneI love it
Phone was in perfect condition when arrived. Unlocked and works well with any carrier. Does not have US specific features yet like Samsung Pay, weather alert and other apps.
everything has to be perfect as my compliments to the seller no complaints
No major complains best phone ever..battery is a bit short but the super charging technology makes up for it.
Had for about a month and it works great at&t straight talk works prepaid or plan very satisfied with the product
It's simply one of the most amazing smartphones I've ever had. You can do almost anything you may think of with this phone. IPhones are really cool, but the S6 Edge is way better.
The phone is great! Works fine and because of it being unlocked, I can use it almost anywhere with different sim cards.
I loved it.
Fast delievery great product
Excellent product! Excellent service! Keep it up.
Great Phone and everything ok
4G band does not work here in Brazil, but it was not mentioned as answer for some many questions done in regards this considered international device. The other 3 bands work perfectly.
Just what i was expecting
Phone arrived right on time as posted... Amazing product and very fancy! I am a very proud customer. Glad I bought this phone. Will recommend this to friends.
Excelent
Thanks.......
good
The aesthetics of this device are simply gorgeous. I bought a clear case with a silver bevel to show off its unique design. The operating system has been updated to the latest version of lollipop, which gives the edge apps more functionality. I find the edge a lot easier to maneuver when quickly trying to get to your favorite apps. And the people edge is great too. My only issue with the edge design is its hard to swipe across to screen shot... added I have extra small hands so that could possibly be the reason.This device has many personalization options. Preloaded themes, etc. Works well on the cricket network and WiFi calling is convenient. I like the quick touch of the fingerprint sensor versus the swipe motion on my old s5. Screen resolution and pictures are noticeably sharper too. This device has also been updated to have the optional night clock mode which shows useful info on the edge during hours that you designate (for me 10pm to 7am). I get good battery life out of this device also being a moderate user.I also use Google voice search and typing a lot more on this device than my previous galaxies.Device does fast charge when plugged into certain outlets in my home. Can get a full charge in about 1.5 hours. And it will say fast charging when plugged into a compatible outlet and appropriate charger. (The charger that came with the device IS A fast charger) Does not fast charge in my car.I do miss my SD card, had to Bluetooth my favorite pictures to my device, but there are other ways to transfer files quicker. Will need WiFi, which I didn't have at the time.Otherwise I chose this over the s7 for the price and the envious green shade. Not at all disappointed. Love this baby.
arguably the best android phone i have purchased so far
Amazing phone!!! I love how it has the edge. Bought it at a reasonable price and unlocked. Totally satisfied!!!
Excellent
Just Perfect
PERFECT
I like this phone colors features are very good on this phone
This is the best phone I have ever had. I'm not a techie person but wanted a phone with a great camera. This is it. Photos are amazing and the phone is great too! LOVE LOVE LOVE this beautiful Michigan State University Spartan Green!! A phone that matches my teams!! :) When I went to the phone store to make some adjustments to my account, they asked if I got the phone from them, then if I got it in Europe, then if I got it in the middle east (another customer was there & he was middle eastern). Nope, got it on Amazon! Thanks!
Excellent phone.great experience
Nce phone
I just received the phone and i must say I am impressed. The picture quality is excellent. I havent figured out the edge features as yet but i will shortly.
Gave as a gift. Awesome phone!
Love it!
Happy with my new phone!! Working perfect everywhere I go!! Nice camera, good battery and an amazing screen!!
Its good gadgets
Works good
Loving my device. I'm using it under metro pcs and it works like a charm. 1st galaxy device from being with apple for 6 years. Love it
perfect
Satisfy with the product
thin and elegant, very light
I love this phone. I upgraded from a Galaxy S6. Was able to transfer all my info from my Samsung and Google accounts & it restored everything.
Excelent
It's everything I expected and more
Everything ok.
Excelent
Excellent cell I am thinking of buying another one
Excellent phone ....no complaints
Great
beautiful color, perfect desing. thanks
Love love love my phone. Super score price can't be beat
First time that I bought a cell phone on Internet. Totally worth it. Gave it to my dad on his birthday. He loved it. It's an awesome phone.
As expected
This phone is an absolute spiritual joy. This is my first Android. It lets me immerse myself in beauty and freedom, all at the same time. I've been an iPhone user since the very first iPhone. I had no idea what a prison-house in which I had been living. Never again! If you know EXACTLY why you love artists like Van Gogh, you'll likewise understand exactly why Android and the Galaxy S6 Edge work so perfectly together. There are SO many themes available to skin your phone with. Melanie Lombardi is a true artist with this regard. I don't know her. I've never met her. I have no affiliation with her of any kind outside of having purchased her incredibly beautiful themes. Nothing more complicated than she is just more one more reason to experience the beauty of this amazing phone.
Very fast processor. Would recommend.
very good product
Good
Excellency high quality product ..! I Love Samsung. Seller very responsible and committed. Highly recommended.
Thank you
exceed expectations
Excellent seller!everything ok and fast
perfect, it works with no problem.
This phone is an absolute powerhouse in every single fathomable way... The screen is absolutely gorgeous, and produces some of the highest quality colors and depth I've seen in any device. The guts of the thing are insanely overpowered, and they are well utilized with a snappy interface. The camera takes ridiculously detailed pictures, and the flash (most often used as a flashlight) is super bright and seems to cover a wider area. The phone sticks to Samsung tradition and feels virtually indestructible.The only minor gripe I have with it is the fact that nobody can seem to make a good screen protector for it due to the edges being curved the way they are... A pity for some, but if you're careful you shouldn't ever need a screen protector anyway.If you're looking for a small form factor phone, get this one. The s6 edge plus would be my choice for a phablet.
This phone is quick and fun to play with. I am still learning how to use it. Very satisfied with it. I would recommend it to anyone.
Excellent
Very nice for my wife
Everything working good at the moment. Delivered on time!
good purchase
Excellent customer support and service ,the cell phone is marvelous.Thanks very much.
Excelente
excelente
love it
Would be 5 but it doesnt have swipe :/
I love this phone color apps everything!!!!
all grate
I love the phone is so great faster arrival than expected everything in perfect condition and just love it
Totally love this, got it before Christmas excellent buy
Display is awesome. Features offered are one of the best and addition of fingerprint scanner makes it even more better.
everything as expexted.
Excellent and wonderful
Excellent product, fulfilled my expectations
Great phone! Works here in the US and in South Africa!
Everything great so far
The Emerald Green is absolutely beautiful and a must have for green lovers out there. Its a sexy, subtle, classy color not an ostentatious one, I have no problem carrying it with me to a business meeting. Ladies it fits in a curvaceous back pocket with a little hanging out with no troubles. You MUST get a case unless you don't mind fingerprints and potential damage.I'm a long time HTC girl and got the phone to try something new. The display - there aren't words for it, just stunning. Camera is worth the switch. I'm using the camera and video to capture my nieces first steps - all the pics and videos look amazing.I do prefer HTC Sense over Touchwiz but not enough to make me settle for an HTC atm in comparison. Touchwiz is just awkward to me and I'm still trying to tell if its because I'm coming from Sense or if it really is just awkward.On an Android you have access to plenty of add ons - games entertainment etc - supplied by Samsung, Amazon and Google Play (I have no idea why someone would want an iPhone). For the S6 Edge there are Samsung apps customized for it including a bunch of apps that can run along the edge called "Edge Specials". The Samsung Theme store...blew me away, so many good looking themes for free and a small fee but they REALLY bring out the phones vibrant screen. The one I have active atm allows me to play with the center image - totally comes in handy during those moments of boredom or when riding an Uber.Seller comments: shipped on time, received on time, original packaging but warranty card was removed in comparison to store bought versions, Phone and all accessories were in 100% good shape, clean ESNs and valid IMEIs,
the product is described as is Excellent!
To use this internationally, please use it with any US carrier for atleast 15 mins initially. Else using the phone directly out of US will lock the phone
I like it
Good overall but they sent me a really weird charger that did not fit into USA outlets.
good product
Very good¡¡¡¡
The galaxy s6 edge is a very good smart phone that suits all of your daily needs! From surfing the web, to watching top quality videos (1440 x 2560 pixels), you can do everything with this remarkable phone.The OS is Android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop) but easily upgradable to v6.0.1 (Marshmallow). As a previous android owner, this phone is a large step above other predecessors. I get tons of compliment on my phone when I'm carrying it around town.Also some side plus about the samsung galaxy s6 edge G925i 32gb:CPU Octa-core (4x2.1 GHz Cortex-A57 & 4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53)GPU Mali-T760MP8Primary: 16 MP, f/1.9, 28mm, OIS, autofocus, LED flash, check qualityFeatures: 1/2.6" sensor size, 1.12 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, Auto HDR, panoramaVideo: 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@120fps, HDR, dual-video rec., check qualitySecondary: 5 MP, f/1.9, 22mm, 1440p@30fps, dual video call, Auto HDRThe camera quality on this phone is AMAZING. Recording at a whopping 1080p 60 frames per second you get crystal clear pictures and video that you can share with your friends and family. Pictures themselves are some of the best I've ever taken. The phone also offers a HUGE battery supply (much, MUCH better than the samsung galaxy s5) and I swear I can charge it from zero to MAX in less than 30 minutes!Lastly, albeit it does not have an internal memory, the 32gb is more than enough for your apps, pictures, and videos. I strongly reccomend you get some protection for your phone though. With the right case and screen protector, your samsung galaxy s6 edge 32gb G925i will last you a LONG time. I actually just dropped the phone on cement floor the other day and when I picked it up, there were NO scratches and NOTHING damaged at all. Really sturdy and good phone. Did I mention the finger print is 1000% better than the previous phones? No more swiping the button instead you just lay your thumb (or fingers) on it and it'll automatically unlock for you! The sensor is much faster and I'm loving the phone.
I bought the phone and I love it. It came in a new box and works perfectly fine! However be aware that the power button is really easy to break and that is what happened to me. The phone just fell( from the small living room table on the carpet) and the button broke.... It costs hell lot of money to replace it unfortunately ...
I love this phone so much, coming from an iPhone user. I'm so infatuated with all the things I can do with it! This phone amazes me! The quality and shortcuts it provide! Not to mention the camera quality on this phone is superb.The one thing I was worried about on this phone was the battery life, I been reading reviews about it and I have also noticed battery life like losing about 2-6% in between 5 mins of just browsing on Facebook, But medium to normal use will get you through the whole day. My phone has not died on me yet and I'm also planning on using a power bank or a charging case for it.This phone is just too good to give up for an iPhone 6 it has way better features while leaving apple in the dust.Great phone overall! Came in a sealed box with fast charger and earphones, Gold is simply beautiful! Took me a couple days to genuinely call it mine with debating on if the battery life would be a problem or not. I took the phone off the charger around 4:30pm and it is 2:14am with 62% batterylife with about 11 hours left on my phone! It's all about preferences and a little bit of sacrifices. Overall this is an amazing phone and I'm gonna go with my gut feeling on this
The only reason I give this 4 star is because I honestly think these Android manufacturer's are overloading these phones. The reason I say this is that most of the time the phone seems to want to do things on it's own. I often say " It's possessed". My moms galaxy4 is the same. Maybe it's just me.😃 I got the Gold face love it. Cracked it about 2 weeks later cost me $230.00 to replace it. Now its under an Armor case. Don't drop it what ever you do. But I really do Love it.
Perfect!
So far, I love my new phone!! Received quickly, perfect condition, came with ear buds, screen protector and charger. Requires a micro sim just so people are aware. Its really no big deal if you have a sim card cutter.
Great phone!!!
iphone 6 got noting on this camera. Samsung back in the game boys
Works great came new and with all the assesories included great phone
Great phone, everything is really smooth so far I've had it for a couple of days and this is a first impression but I will update in a couple of months.The phone is great, I open the package and the box was kind of dirty probably from the deivery (I hope). It comes with the pin for the sim card, headphones, charger/usb cord. The start up process was easy to configure as it should be. I started playing with the phone and one thing I noticed right off the bat is that you need a case... I have big hands and my palm was touching the edges and making things touch and obstructing my typing. It comes with a decent amout of apps already but a good amout of them I don't even use. It would have been easier to leave it as a suggestion to download rather pre-installed. I'm a PC gamer and one of my most hated things is bloatware and it would have been nicer if it didn't come with the things I don't need. On a phone I'd prefer memory over convenient apps I may or may not use.
Excellent, I recommend it 100%
unlocked but American sim only. we can not use out of US.
Envy of my friends
the extra wireless charger was a sweet bonus.
I love my phone works perfect.
👍👍👍
Works great as expected, love it!
Perfect!
Exactly what I wanted and as described!
Perfect. And I love it
Love Samsung products, always a step ahead.
As Expected Great Product.
I loved my phone! It is beautiful and works fine except the movements controls! But I don't really bother not having that.
Great phone
was a good purchase
great phone awesome color solid device would recommend purchase
I purchased this phone along with the other one. I do not have any problems with it thus far. However, I did receive everything in English even though it is an international phone.
ok delivery and product
Although I payed more for an unknown reason the telephone is great.
Great phone! No problems! I love it
its Good
Love the color and the phone!! No problems yet I hope. The themes are awesome too. Battery life seems good so far (after I updated the software).4/21/16The power button on the side is starting to act up. Its stiff and hard to press
I bought the gold phone and I absolutely love it. Shipping was quick and as promised. I had no trouble with transferring my sim card from my apple iphone 5s to my new phone. I never even had to make a phone call to NET10 to make the transfer take place! No troubles with the phone since I bought it and I've had it almost a month already.
Everything went perfect.Works in Panama perfectly.
Everything has delivered with in right time. No damage. No delan. Phones are working excellent
The Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge is a fantastic phone! Cutting edge (though now behind the S7) and extremely durable even without a case. The display resolution is superb and the camera quality is easily the best I've ever seen on a mobile phone.I would note that the Edge itself doesn't offer much for additional functionality beyond the standard S6, especially for the extra money. It appears that software development for the Edge specific features was relatively limited due to it's niche appeal. Beyond some notifications and a useful night clock mode the Edge itself is relatively useless but does draw looks when my phone comes out. So unless you need that extra "wow" factor or a proportionally expensive notification/clock feature, I would recommend you look at the identical-in-every-other-way Samsung Galaxy S6.
It had de security labels and It worked perfectly in my country. Very satisfied!
Excellent product!.
works good
Works well with no glitches. It is unlocked through the Americas and the West Indies.
perfect
Love the phone, but had a bit of trouble getting T-mobil to set it up (guess they want you to buy it from them - for a lot more money). Phone was unlocked, but you have to buy the sim card from T-Mobil, old sim card from the s4 doesn't fit. Still on the learning curve - somewhat different from the s4. Beautiful color.
Loved it!! Plan on purchasing another one in gold.
It's beautiful i buy this phone for gifts i hope work at Europe
Great phone, good price, without any problems.
Great phone, but only works on GSM carriers (AT&T and T-Mobile). This will NOT work on Verizon or Sprint!! The phone itself was great--I love the fingerprint recognition, which has greatly improved since the S5.Positive note: The seller is willing to provide a refund, less S&H, due to the incompatibility between carriers.
This phone is awsome; beautiful design beautiful screen. Plus being unlock is icing on the cake. This phone by far to me is better than the iPhone. This unlock version allows me to create mobile hot spot which AT&T restricts because of my service plan if I buy a phone from them. They will also charge you more for the same phone. I also get 100 GB of free online storage space from One drive app. AT&T bought phone does not support this.
Great phone, just a few small details missing from the description. It requires a Nano SIM card, which was not what I had, so I had to get it cut. Also, it does not allow use of an SD card, which I was disappointed by. Otherwise the phone is great. Came well packaged.
Was so excited to get this phone and for the price, it exceeded my expectation and is a whole new experience on a phone, I'm a fan of android and now a big fan of Samsung as well
I am pleased to say that I received my phone one day before it was due to arrive. Phone is perfect and works well. Anyone in the caribbean who is thinking of buying this phone you can go right ahead. I am from St Lucia and it works perfectly with both Digicel and Lime.
Great phone and overall like it a lot. But there's some problem with the headphone's mic.
Great Phone, for a good price
This phone rocks, but 32gb doesn't go too far these days, if you like movies, music, apps, and VR, you NEED more storage.
Love it!
Great phone but s little slow
Its a great phone, I love it, I'm from ecuador and it works perfectly... no complain....
It has proven to be a good purchase for now
Good price
it's a wonderful cell phone. Everything works well and has a super stylish shape. The battery life is ok and the camera quality is wonderful. I'd buy again. Also my father and my brother have the same model and we really like it. My husband has a Iphone 6; a Samsung Galaxy S6 doesn't lose in any aspect.
Great phone! Very worth the money. However, mine was only compatible with T-mobile so I had to switch companies. But besides this, I truly do love this phone
It's the original thing and it runs perfectly. Arrived just on time. I'm very happy with my phone.
Really nice phone
Excellent
Can't say enough good things about this. Beautiful and fast and so functional.
Good item
I love this phone so much, coming from an iPhone user. I'm so infatuated with all the things I can do with it! This phone amazes me! The quality and shortcuts it provide! Not to mention the camera quality on this phone is superb.The one thing I was worried about on this phone was the battery life, I been reading reviews about it and I have also noticed battery life like losing about 2-6% in between 5 mins of just browsing on Facebook, But medium to normal use will get you through the whole day. My phone has not died on me yet and I'm also planning on using a power bank or a charging case for it.This phone is just too good to give up for an iPhone 6 it has way better features while leaving apple in the dust.Great phone overall! Came in a sealed box with fast charger and earphones, Gold is simply beautiful! Took me a couple days to genuinely call it mine with debating on if the battery life would be a problem or not. I took the phone off the charger around 4:30pm and it is 2:14am with 62% batterylife with about 11 hours left on my phone! It's all about preferences and a little bit of sacrifices. Overall this is an amazing phone and I'm gonna go with my gut feeling on this :D
Very impressed with the price and the product. I went back and forth between this one and the Edge 6+, I have hobbit hands so I'm glad I got the smaller version. Gold platinum is pretty without being too obnoxious. Get a case and a screen protector; pretty comes with the price of smudges. The themes are really fun (the "Space" one is my favorite, and comes preloaded for free!).The installed app is called Flipboard, and it can be either removed by using a separate launcher, or can simply be taken off of the screen (http://gadgetguideonline.com/galaxys6/samsung-galaxy-s6-guides/how-to-disable-flipboard-briefing-on-galaxy-s6-home-screen/), which is annoying but my only complaint. I have T-Mobile, all I had to do was bop up to the store and get a nano-SIM card, which was $15. Don't worry about it being unlocked/international; change celsius to fahrenheit and you're good to go :)
Nice product!!
Bello !!!!!
Oh my god I loved this phone! The color, the feel, the style, the speed, etc etc! Everything about this phone was ahead of its time! And I received so many compliments on it! Unfortunately, I had it stolen from me on the bus near downtown San Diego. I later upgraded to the international Pearl White s7 Edge and I love it just as much as I loved this phone. I would recommend either or if you were interested in the Edge style phones!
Works pretty good! It is an amazing cellphone.
Its a good samsung phone that doesnt explodes.The edge feature is as useless as the presidential candidates of 2016
It's Awesome ...
Great phone, great price
Love it
Ok
a great mobile
I just received the phone and i must say I am impressed. The picture quality is excellent. I havent figured out the edge features as yet but i will shortly.
Love it!
Its good gadgets
Works good
Purchased from the seller Wireless Place. I would use them again if needed.Phone is a gorgeous Emerald color. This is authentic. No seal was broken or anything. It is brand new. Never been used before.Camera is stunning. I love it. My family and friends love it. I am still figuring it out, but it is great.At first the battery sucked, but that is because I used it so much. Playing with it and changing settings. That kind of thing. I still use it a lot, almost as much as when I first got it, and the battery has improved. The only issue I have so far (very very small issue, don't freak out), is that sometimes when I am charging the phone it will say it isn't charging and then go right back to charging. It can be annoying when I am listening to music or watching Netflix. A way to fix that though is set the sound on mute (this also mutes notifications).Screen is the best I have ever seen. So vibrant and clear. I don't really notice fingerprints on the front but I can't say the same for the back. They aren't too bad, not much there, but it does leave finger prints. Just wanted to let you know.If you are into using your fingerprint to unlock your device this lets you have multiple prints. I think this is pretty cool and handy. I am not an iPhone person so I have no idea if Apple allows that as well.The speaker is amazing too. Such a tiny thing gives off so much sound. For me, keeping it around the middle, or just a little bit over, is loud enough. Unless I am in the mood to have my music blasting, but I don't do that often.The edge is really cool. You have the people edge and the apps edge. You can add 5 to each. On the people edge, each person has their own color. So if your phone is facing down (screen not visible) and your sister (who is placed in the purple circle) texts you, the edge lights up in that color. You can also have night clock, which is just as cool and the information stream. You can turn any of these off or on. You can also have the edge on either the left side of the screen or the right. Whichever one you prefer.There is a lot of customization on this phone and I love that.I love this phone and I would recommend this product to you. Again, I bought mine through Wireless Place. I do not see a pre-loaded special app as a previous reviewer has said. Nor do I think it is scam as another reviewer said ( though he did not provide the seller).
Thanks that was my great on time, Package had a plastic protection. very satisfy happy with my samsung
Wow! I just love this phone. It is beautiful to look at and the pictures are awesome. I bought a gold case to match and love showing it off to get compliments.
Great phone! Delivered as promised!
Best cell phone I ever had.
Love it.
Love it
It's everything I expected and more
Everything ok.
Excelent
Excellent cell I am thinking of buying another one
Excellent phone ....no complaints
Great
beautiful color, perfect desing. thanks
First time that I bought a cell phone on Internet. Totally worth it. Gave it to my dad on his birthday. He loved it. It's an awesome phone.
arguably the best android phone i have purchased so far
Amazing phone!!! I love how it has the edge. Bought it at a reasonable price and unlocked. Totally satisfied!!!
Excellent
Just Perfect
PERFECT
I like this phone colors features are very good on this phone
Excellent phone.great experience
Nce phone
Fast delievery great product
Excellent product! Excellent service! Keep it up.
Great Phone and everything ok
4G band does not work here in Brazil, but it was not mentioned as answer for some many questions done in regards this considered international device. The other 3 bands work perfectly.
Just what i was expecting
Phone arrived right on time as posted... Amazing product and very fancy! I am a very proud customer. Glad I bought this phone. Will recommend this to friends.
Excelent
Thanks.......
good
The aesthetics of this device are simply gorgeous. I bought a clear case with a silver bevel to show off its unique design. The operating system has been updated to the latest version of lollipop, which gives the edge apps more functionality. I find the edge a lot easier to maneuver when quickly trying to get to your favorite apps. And the people edge is great too. My only issue with the edge design is its hard to swipe across to screen shot... added I have extra small hands so that could possibly be the reason.This device has many personalization options. Preloaded themes, etc. Works well on the cricket network and WiFi calling is convenient. I like the quick touch of the fingerprint sensor versus the swipe motion on my old s5. Screen resolution and pictures are noticeably sharper too. This device has also been updated to have the optional night clock mode which shows useful info on the edge during hours that you designate (for me 10pm to 7am). I get good battery life out of this device also being a moderate user.I also use Google voice search and typing a lot more on this device than my previous galaxies.Device does fast charge when plugged into certain outlets in my home. Can get a full charge in about 1.5 hours. And it will say fast charging when plugged into a compatible outlet and appropriate charger. (The charger that came with the device IS A fast charger) Does not fast charge in my car.I do miss my SD card, had to Bluetooth my favorite pictures to my device, but there are other ways to transfer files quicker. Will need WiFi, which I didn't have at the time.Otherwise I chose this over the s7 for the price and the envious green shade. Not at all disappointed. Love this baby.
All ok
Seems great soon buying one. Great customer service highly recommend!
Nice phoneI love it
Phone was in perfect condition when arrived. Unlocked and works well with any carrier. Does not have US specific features yet like Samsung Pay, weather alert and other apps.
everything has to be perfect as my compliments to the seller no complaints
Had for about a month and it works great at&t straight talk works prepaid or plan very satisfied with the product
The phone is great! Works fine and because of it being unlocked, I can use it almost anywhere with different sim cards.
I loved it.
As expected
This phone is an absolute spiritual joy. This is my first Android. It lets me immerse myself in beauty and freedom, all at the same time. I've been an iPhone user since the very first iPhone. I had no idea what a prison-house in which I had been living. Never again! If you know EXACTLY why you love artists like Van Gogh, you'll likewise understand exactly why Android and the Galaxy S6 Edge work so perfectly together. There are SO many themes available to skin your phone with. Melanie Lombardi is a true artist with this regard. I don't know her. I've never met her. I have no affiliation with her of any kind outside of having purchased her incredibly beautiful themes. Nothing more complicated than she is just more one more reason to experience the beauty of this amazing phone.
Very fast processor. Would recommend.
very good product
Good
Excellency high quality product ..! I Love Samsung. Seller very responsible and committed. Highly recommended.
Thank you
exceed expectations
Excellent seller!everything ok and fast
Excelent product.I'm Happy
Great phone!
I got my phone on the date it said. I'm very happy with my phone.
Verizon has password with O/ diagonal thru, it cant transfer, it cant use phone. ten days, for amazon to ship new router!!!
Excelent and on time thank u very much
Can confirm, is an authentic device. Not a fake.
Came in excellent condition in original box and everything in box all around great product
I just got my phone and so far its is better than I thought it would be. I love the way it works and looks.
Excellent phone, tks
i'm very happy with this phone!
perfect, it works with no problem.
This phone is an absolute powerhouse in every single fathomable way... The screen is absolutely gorgeous, and produces some of the highest quality colors and depth I've seen in any device. The guts of the thing are insanely overpowered, and they are well utilized with a snappy interface. The camera takes ridiculously detailed pictures, and the flash (most often used as a flashlight) is super bright and seems to cover a wider area. The phone sticks to Samsung tradition and feels virtually indestructible.The only minor gripe I have with it is the fact that nobody can seem to make a good screen protector for it due to the edges being curved the way they are... A pity for some, but if you're careful you shouldn't ever need a screen protector anyway.If you're looking for a small form factor phone, get this one. The s6 edge plus would be my choice for a phablet.
This phone is quick and fun to play with. I am still learning how to use it. Very satisfied with it. I would recommend it to anyone.
Very nice for my wife
Everything working good at the moment. Delivered on time!
good purchase
Excellent customer support and service ,the cell phone is marvelous.Thanks very much.
Excelente
perfect
Satisfy with the product
thin and elegant, very light
Excelent
Ok
excelente
Girl loves it
The best phone ever in the market!! This is really a SMART phone
very good recormend to buyyyyyyy
Best phone ever
PROs: Powerful, fast, very stylish and has an excellent screen display. CONs: Expensive, can't remove battery and no memory expansion slot.
Excelente
everythig so perfect, punctual and tidy. brilliant!
To the Sansung and Andrid lovers is the best phone so far. looks good, baterry lasts, rapid in transmission, simply perfect.
Pretty much everything you read about. I recommend getting a screen proctor AND cover right away.in fact. order them at the same time this be amazon . This is the international version so even the American keyboard will have symbols you'll never use and much less recognize. The phone I received was manufactured for abu dabi or Dubai- they are in English yes, just he charger will need an adapter which the seller will provide if you as. Fast charge really heats up your phone.
Excellent phone. Samsung really made a great job. This phone came unlocked, so I can use now my AT&T plan without any problem, but it came with a Vodafone Australia preset that I had to remove. And the packaging was really poor. That's why I'm not giving the 5 stars that it should deserve.
Was very pleased with the product
this phone has a great camera, and very interesting applications. I'm very pleased and recommend buying.
perfect for the reason we bought it. It was a present so the person I bought it for really like it and its amazing for what it is
Phone arrived on time, exactly as described in superb condition.
Brought this for my girlfriends birthday gift. Like many buyers, I was afraid of getting a fake device. But after a hour of test and researching, it is a genuine product. I brought mine from Wireless Place. I also brought a s7 edge from the same company, but when I received the s7 edge, it was 50% charged and used before. So buyers beware.
I love this phone its really fast and the camera is amazing i can not complain
Excelent. Is what I expected.
Everything fine.
After using it for almost a year, I'm mostly happy. Fast, beautiful, easy to use. The best phone I've ever had.The rounded edges are not for my fingers. I need surgeon precision to pick it up not messing around with the edges. Next time I will go with the standard model.I love the remote control feature on this one. too bad they removed it on the s7 model. I guess I will have to wait for the s8 and see if they put it back again.
Beatifuul and excelente phone!
The cellphone have a line on camera
my wife love it
Very good service and perfect product.
This is a really great phone everything I expected I would definitely recommend this phone and seller.
Besides the price dropping $115 in the month since I bought it; its a great phone. Camera is everything they hypes it to be and the design is better than a Porsche 911. I've always had Android so the sysem is familiar and the screen is crystal clear so you can see every detail in the picture you take with that crazy good camra resolution.If your a newbe to androinds this would be a great phone to upgrade to!
Very ssuccessful. I recommend this seller.
Samsung is finally producing what we all desire and will be highly sought after by die hard Samsung buyers. A few things really turned me off like subpar battery performance and the lack of expandable storage via a micro-sd card, but in the end you gotta take the bad with the good, and there is clearly plenty of good here. I guess i'll always be hoping for a little more but am thankful for what is offered.
The Galaxy s6 edge is amazing!!! The battery life on this is like the energizer bunny: (it keeps going and going and going) I love how sleek the s6 edge is and really how light weight it feels in your hand. The edge for me personally was a lil getting used to....but once I got it I was able to enjoy the full features of it. The picture quality of this phone is out of this world like galaxy out of this world all pun intended lol....although the all new s6 edge plus is out this month of August I feel no need to upgrade just yet as this phone is incredible.
Amazing phone, it had a atractive design and many usefull features, is better than other versions of galaxy
All perfect!
Ok
Delivered on time. It's brand new it works fine.
FIRST great seller I had problem but it was with the shipping company and they worked it out. With professional communications.Top of the line phone... That now has the competitions top of the line faults. First the faults like the iphone, and HTC this phone now has NO SSD memory slot. What you get internally is all you can have until you guy a different phone. Also the battery is built in, not changeable (unless you pay a repair shop $150 to replace the one there) So that means you cant have a second battery charged, and waiting like you could with the s5. The battery does not last long but when you put it in emergency power saving mode it lasts a very long time and lots like a low end screen during that time.The screen is beautiful, the most attractive EVER! Even the back of the phone looks good. The camera is Very good, you know that commercial that has a kid skate boarding off of ...well everything while take of video. Well it is possible. This phone owns in 2015. Sorry my review took so long but this phone is the bomb. I would not have given it a 5 star of the competition (IPHONE and HTC had not done the some battery, ssd restriction, so i'm comparing apples to apples). (yeah ive bought too many phones this year. My new LG stylo phone should get a 6 star because it does not have these faults and I am loving it, and it cost a third of the s6 edge 64gig so I am being a little easy on Samsung.
Very good
Beautiful phone and in general works great. The transfer program works mostly, but not perfect. The problem with Edge is precisely that: the edges. They are too sensitive to touch and so apps you don't expect suddenly pop up simply because you're holding the phone. Also I haven't found any protective covers that are as good as those for other Galaxy phones. The usual programs like phone or WhatsApp take some getting used to, because of what seem sometimes improvements that needn't be, but finally I guess it's just a matter of using it for a few weeks to get used to the needless improvements.On the other hand, the speed is great and so are color, definition and camera.
Amazing cell phone! I am using it in Argentina with Claro and 4G and everything works great!
It's a great device, works excellent here in Venezuela
Works as described. Was able to use in Argentina. Good phone, easy to use. Battery last well, came with international outlet plug as well which was a nice added surprise.
Excelente
good
I bought 2 cellphones from this seller and both times I got a new device, unlocked and with a fast charger, it works great and I love that I received it 2 days after I placed the order. I have no complaints
100 % recomendable
So far so good. I just got this phone is so far it's amazing! I love how quick it charges and the curved edges just look classy! much faster than my old S4 and much better camera resolution. If you are into android you can't go wrong with the edge.
I love the phone
The cell phone is excellent, as I expected, but the package was not sealed as you can see in the picture
It's a really awesome cellphone. The batery life is great, and the performance is amazing. Both cameras are incredible (front and rear).No negatives yet.
I liked all about the phone! The color gold platinum is so dope! And it come with the European Standart type of Charger. What I was needing.
My phone work very good. Hope to deal again with you.
Too expensive
very good phone but its delicate
Love the phone. Samsung has once again impressed. I am not sure if I will miss the external storage or the fact that the battery is not swappable by me but I absolutely love the phone. Miss the waterproofing.....that's a really big item that wasn't repeated.
Perfecto
Lovely phone. Product match as per description. Seller high recommended.
Shipped hours before the arrival time. Great product, brand new. Kept me updated, i am happy thank you
Excelent
Works fine no problems so far and was delivered on time
It s fantastic!!! Thank you
I purchased this as a new phone. They worked with me in order to find out what phone I needed. They sent me the 925f and it worked great on AT&T in the U.S.. It is a great phone and much cheaper than what AT&T sells it for.
Great service! I'm happy with my new smart phone!
Great phone!!...it gave an extra inch to my pecker. Now I have a 2" pecker.
Excelente celular
Most Excellent seller, highly reliable and clearly responsible. I highly recommend it to all the Amazon community. The product is completely original Samsung, exactly as detailed in their publication.
Awesome product. It's amazing the quality of the product.
Good service the cellphone is beautiful and working so good
I am sooooo in love with my new phone. So elegant and perfect in every aspect!
Works Great.
Nice. At time and perfect.
Its great phone
Yes. It's ver y Goodyear.
The charger was a 3pin charger not the normal 2 pin charger
Good delivery and great product.
EXCELLENT RECOMMENDED
Love the s6 edge. By far the best phone. Amd camera and video unparallel. Loving this phone but won't recommend getting 32gb might is 64gb which iso perfect.
The devise come in korean languge .and there are app in korean it come with device and coud not deleted also when i put the languge in english the app still in korean .There is no place for memory card
Solid phone.no issues with shipper
Excelente!!! Muchas gracias!
Excellent
The product is amazing!
Great phone and fast shipping
Love the look and usability of the device. Graphics are superb and navigation throughout device is extremely easy. Excellent phone.
Amazing phone. The phone seems to come from Thailand or Vietnam however it is still a genuine s6 edge. For me it was region locked which was a bit of a pain but I downloaded the "Psiphon" app so I could access the US/UK play store. The phone is super fast, and the display is beautiful. I highly recommend this phone.
I originally had some issues with the 'international version' but once we got use to it (with help from utub sites) all our problems disappeared.Only problem that I can see now is that it doesn't have warranties. Bottom line .. a great cell and a great deal.Great seller willing to work with customers.
100% its ok and happy
the best phone
Terrific!
This one is awesome
The phone is fully unlocked and all functions are working very well. The price is much lower than the market price since I bought it online on Cyber Monday right after Thanksgiving Black Friday. The storage is 64 GB, which is perfect for you to use numerous applications at the same time. The cell phone compiles a series of high-tech features, such as fingerprint unlock, face-recognizing, and eye-tracking functions, but you really need to explore by yourself instead of relying on the instruction brochure. It features mobile 4G network in the United States so all applications requiring internet work very rapidly and fabulously. I strongly recommend it to all favor Android cellphones.
The cellphone got to me within the time expected and it's working pretty well so far. I have no complaning.
good
Great Product
I loveeeee we my phone what I ordered was exactly what I received. I am extremely happy with my purchase.
excellent product and excellent seller no problems at all
I am happy with the phone, although it is a little smaller than I expected. It has clear screen colors, and a light weight. I am still learning how to utilise many of its capabilities. I like it so far, and I would recommend it to my friends and family.
Love my phone
Unfortunately this model type isn't as good in the USA . I believe its the F model that covers more LTE bands. I got the wrong one. But it did come fully intact, no tampering. An Original and Authentic S6.
Most beautiful cellphone on the market. took to cellphone provider to setup. Sound quality great. The battery don't seem to long lasting but take a really fast charge. Looking forward to learning to use this phone.
I love it.
Great phone, gave it as a gift for Christmas. Love that it is unlocked because it gives greater flexibility on which carrier I can go with.
So far its a good product. I didnt find any issue yet
I love it! !! It works excellent with T-Mobile in Puerto Rico! ! I love all the functions it has!
I am so very pleased with this phone, came to me very quickly, in 2days, new and functioned like a dream right out of the box, and a very reasonable price. I highly recommend this experience as 5 out of 5 stars! My one disappointment is the plug is an international version, well I did buy the international version phone, so I'll live with it. I bought a charger. The accessories are the correct ones for this phone. I purchased another phone from someone else and was surprised to see strange accessories came with the "New phone", LOL. Wish I had bought this first and avoided all that drama and had to send it back.
Everything was perfect. No isues
Best cellphone i have ever had. Had it for about a month now and its the best. Just enable developer options and reduce the animation. It will fly.
Excelente
Good product not complain
Awesome phone. Had been using iPhone since they came out, but very happy with the switch over. Beautiful OLED screen with really cool curved edges. Love it
Excellent
very satisfy
The best phone!!
I love it !!!!
Since this is the"international unlocked" version of this phone, data is not 4g LTE. I also do not have full functionality with t-mobile or video calling from galaxy to galaxy. Would have liked top know that before buying
This phone works perfect in Venezuela, excellent product, perfect condition NEW. Fully sealed. Excuse my English.
Fast delivery and great product.. I have received Pearl White instead of White.. But I am not complaining.. I actually wanted Pearl but could not find it...It came with a UK plug and a US adapter. Wish the seller gave me the choice to choose what type of power plug I wanted. I actually live in Europe.. A 220 European plug would have been my choice.Nevertheless.. Phone is amazing.. All accessories and phone are original.
Excellent phone but because it is not a t-mobile released phone I can't make calls over WiFi
Great device. At time.thanks
The best phone I have ever had. The battery life is good, look and feel great, features more than you could wish for. I would definitely recommend this phone.
The best!!!
Al very good
It truly is an amazing phone. Fast and everything you want in a phone.
awesome
My phone was delivered on time and was exactly what I had ordered. The seals were also correctly placed the box. So knew that it was wasn't tampered with. I am very please with my purchase.
Would add more stars if I could. Amazing phone.
Incredible phone but my S5 performed roughly the same albeit while not having the aesthetics of the S6 Edge.
excellent phone
So in love with my new s6 edge right now it's a genuine Samsung galaxy s6 and it's just great 5 stars to a non ripoff seller and the shipping was perfect
awesome phone....
I was worried my new phone would be a dud but as of right now I'm happy with my purchase. The company was on point with shipping and delivery so no issues there.The phone came in a seal box with no evidence of tampering. I'm happy with that. I'm Sodom in the process of getting to know the phone but so far no issues with the user interface. The colors are really sharp and the resolution is excellent. Samsung smart switch app allowed me to transfer all my info from my S4 to my S6 edge in and in approximately 10 minutes I was up and running with no issues.In the 2 days that I've had the phone it had sustained one fall from a 2 feet surface (my heart sank) but I'm happy to report that she is still functioning optimally.She feels nice and compact in my hand although the sleek shape makes it feel like she might slip out of my hand. I chalk it up to me getting accustomed to her shape and I'm upgrading from the S4 ActiveMy only concern is the battery doesn't seem to last very long. I us my phone a lot and I've had to chate her up at least twice a day. Thank God she came with a fast charge charge.
excellent
Fantastic phone. Fast and I've never once had an issues with this model. However, G925F version only come with international plug. If you are buying within the US, you better be ready to buy another charge if you don't already have one. Also, since it's an international version, no Samsung pay... Not sure why but this phone is not compatible with Samsung pay.
Excellent
Everything alright.
good
the phone is like new with all the accessories. No problem with it.
Absolutely amazing cellphone - functionally either how it looks like. Highly recommended.
all very well..
Excelent product, thanks!
Excellent ! Great phone. It's very fast.
I bought a 32gb S6 edge and it worked awesome with Metro PCS. I travel from the states to overseas in Italy frequently so this works great. I also bought this 64GB S6 edge for my wife and she uses it perfectly with ATT.
My sister bought it and took it to another country it works perfectly.
The one I got was from the United Arab Emirates and came with an additional wall adapter for the charger.
this device is very great I've bought it for my friend it worked fine...
Excelente!!!
Excelent
I like it but my question is does it have warranty?!
30 minutes after use - update:Works like a charm, i previusly thought there scratches on the screen but turned out to be just messy! i got it with the seal opened.. but yeah... so far so good
Nice Product.. Thanks.
Its ok!
very good
New in box
Thanks for the service!Off the chain- classy with high tech!Nathalie
It's an amazing equipment, wonderful design, nice speaker, marvelous camara and fantastic sistem.
perfeito
Very satisfied but was shocked to realise I can't upgrade, which makes leave the option to buy a higher 124 as use for things close to my heart.Do have 124GB S6 EDGE?
Excelent
Way too modern and slick for me, i bought it for my 20 year-old, he is in college and loves it!
Awesome phone!! LOVE LOVE IT😊
Very good!
This phone is where its at. Nice and fast, super snappy. The only problem was that the battery life is not great but that was no longer a problem when I got a battery case.
Great phone
Everything was perfect. They shipped it into my country with no problems. The phone looks awsome, works really good and it arrived even earlier then it was supposed. I love it . One of the best sellers ,very responsable!! I highly recommend! I am really happy that i purchased this item from here.
This is an unlocked, international version of the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge phone. Do not be alarmed when you read the package instructions that it must be activated in a country other than the one in which you reside. The instructions for my phone indicated that I needed to first use the phone in a Southeast Asian country, but I went to the local AT&T store to get a new SIM card (because this phone requires a smaller SIM card than my previous Nexus 5), and the phone worked in the U.S. immediately.I thought that I would use the "edge" notifications a lot more than I do. In fact, I find that I wish I had purchased the flat-screen Samsung Galaxy S6 instead. That said, I'm quite pleased with the performance of this phone.
Just Perfect!I will recomend to buy a S6. The difference payed between S6 and S6 Edge do not justify the amount. Its just almost estetic. If do not care so much for that stay with S6 but this phone is great.
Excelent phone.
The best saller! Perfect
Excellent service and product!
a1
Awesome phone!
Quick delivery and as promised. Works great.
Exceeded my expectations. Just needed a little time to get used to the sensitive edges. The only downfall is there is no memory card slot
Really nice new phone with a lot of neat features
This phone is a slick piece of technology! I have truly enjoyed getting acquainted with the many advanced features of this phone ... and oh yes, it can also be used to make and receive calls! A great product!
I bought this for my son. He loves it.
A slick, top of the line phone, now at a reasonable price since the S7 models are available. I don't feel the need to always have the latest model, so I usually wait and buy last years best phone after the new models come out. Savngs are often 40% or more, giving me a superb phone at a decent price.
ok 10
There are plenty of detailed reviews out there on this phone so all I will cover is my buying experience. This phone was sold by Breed / fulfilled by Amazon. It was new as advertised and had no issues. Fired it up on my Verizon account with no issues. So far I’m really liking this phone!
Exceeded my expectations. Just needed a little time to get used to the sensitive edges. The only downfall is there is no memory card slot
Really nice new phone with a lot of neat features
This phone is a slick piece of technology! I have truly enjoyed getting acquainted with the many advanced features of this phone ... and oh yes, it can also be used to make and receive calls! A great product!
I bought this for my son. He loves it.
A slick, top of the line phone, now at a reasonable price since the S7 models are available. I don't feel the need to always have the latest model, so I usually wait and buy last years best phone after the new models come out. Savngs are often 40% or more, giving me a superb phone at a decent price.
ok 10
There are plenty of detailed reviews out there on this phone so all I will cover is my buying experience. This phone was sold by Breed / fulfilled by Amazon. It was new as advertised and had no issues. Fired it up on my Verizon account with no issues. So far I’m really liking this phone!
Exceeded my expectations. Just needed a little time to get used to the sensitive edges. The only downfall is there is no memory card slot
Really nice new phone with a lot of neat features
This phone is a slick piece of technology! I have truly enjoyed getting acquainted with the many advanced features of this phone ... and oh yes, it can also be used to make and receive calls! A great product!
I bought this for my son. He loves it.
A slick, top of the line phone, now at a reasonable price since the S7 models are available. I don't feel the need to always have the latest model, so I usually wait and buy last years best phone after the new models come out. Savngs are often 40% or more, giving me a superb phone at a decent price.
ok 10
There are plenty of detailed reviews out there on this phone so all I will cover is my buying experience. This phone was sold by Breed / fulfilled by Amazon. It was new as advertised and had no issues. Fired it up on my Verizon account with no issues. So far I’m really liking this phone!
Bought this for my mom and she was happy with it!
I want to give 10 stars thank you the is great
Better than expected
I had to return this as it didn't come with everything that was shown in the picture. (Amazon service was A+ as always). I purchased the same phone elsewhere and just love it. It's a beautiful phone and a breeze to use. I think I prefer the Google voice app over the S app, but both are good and come with the phone. (Admittedly the Siri voice is better sounding.) LOL. This is a high end, beautiful luxury phone. Expensive , but that shouldn't be a surprise. I am truly enjoying my phone and have had many people ask about it. Over and over I hear "Gorgeous phone!". "Just beautiful". Oh yeah....I've already dropped it three times. Not a mark on it and no cracked glass!!!! Right now my lovely phone is going commando. It's been two weeks and not a mark on it. The fast charger is so great. You can't believe how fast it works. Love, love, love my phone.
Simply beautiful awesome samsung galaxy s6 edge plus smartphone
Great device
Excellent
Very nice elegant phone , original not as some body told me it is fake ,, orginal nice phone I'm so happy with it
Simply an amazing phone, or should I say microcomputer... The smartphones of today are no longer just a communication device, they are legitimately computers. This thing is so powerful it outperforms a couple of the computers in my house when going on the web. I'm blown away by it! After having it for three months I've gotten use to the incredible pictures and video it takes, but other people haven't! I can't tell you how many times that I whip out this phone to show someone something and they say, "man, that's a beautiful picture..." It reminds me of what I thought when I first saw my nephew's phone (he has the smaller S6 Edge) and I remember why they are reacting that way. That's when I tell them that I'm only on the 1280x720 setting and that the maximum setting is 3840x2160, which is four more steps up. I could go on but this review is getting longer than I originally intended...Lastly, the new S7 is cool, but I think I'll wait and see if they make a plus version or maybe even wait for the S8. After all, the S8's will be here before you know it, one year max! Until then, the S6 Edge Plus is still a head-turner...
Great cell phone. The product arrived on time and in excellent conditions as stated in the description. No problems at all 👌👌👌
My best Samsung phone yet!!!
Best darn phone ive ever held, Has double the iphone 6 memory and three times as much ram, it looks better and performs better! Hands down great buy
It's amazing phone....
Thank you so much... I'm excite because i have already the cellphone... Thank you
Great phone, awesome graphics and the camera is amazing.I had one problem since using it when the fingerprint recognition went hair wire but I used the backup password and reset the fingerprint and no problems since.
PERFECT!!! everything ok!!!!
i love it!
Awesome
love it
All ok. Beautiful phone.
Phone works great in Canada and the U.S. Only thing to note is that the charger has a european wall plug - but an adapter to NA plugs ins included.
good
Most powerful mobile phone in the world. No lags, no problems, Perfect photos. I like the fingerprint sensor and the curved glass is unique. Far ahead of any Apple device.
It's the best phone ever!!!
Love this phone.
Great phone
Excellent
The desing is perfect. The curve. All is perfect
The best
Received on time, the phone works perfectly. In my opinion is the best phone in the market.
Great phone!
I love it!!!
Its good.
I bought yhis one because it said international version factory unlocked. But in order to use it out of usa, you must put a usa sim card and use it for a few minutes before it unlocks for international use. Also, the charger is for usa outlets only. So how is this useful as an international version factory unlocked?
Thanx
Love it
Excellent Phone'However due to International Version Samsung Pay doesn't work
Phone is great! Glad I got it
Couldn't ask for more; had an Iphone 6 before and Samsung is better.
Really loving Andriod. A lot of cool features compared to Apple and Windows Phones. I got this with Samsung Gear VR and its amazing. Using it everyday to watch movies and shows. I love it!
Cool
excelent product and seller!!
Good
Good
The Samsung Galaxy S5 edge plus is amazing I love this phone
Nice phone. Only downside of buying online was, the charger which came with the device can't be used in USA without adapter.
All right.
niiiicccceeeeee
it's a great phone, everything was good and on time. Highly recomended!
perfect that was a real one
The product is exactly as advertised in the website. Price is comparatively lower than other online shopping sites and in-stores. Great buy Love it !
It came in perfect conditions just I expected
Met all of my expectations.
great phone works well, you even get an adapter for USA outlets. but unfortunately and not the seller issue, my screen cracked a week after owning it. be very careful and buy a screen protector.
Very good phone
Best Phone ever by Samsung.. Blown away with Screen clarity (~518 PPI).. Best camera in segment, Strong Build quality, It has everything a premium phone should have..
Absolutely LOVE this phone!!! I switched from a iPhone to the edge and the edge blows the iPhone out of the water!!! It is incredibly fast. I could't believe how fast it restarted! I have really good signal. I have yet to not beable to make a call because of no bars. I cant say enough about the camera... the photo quality is amazing. So happy with my purchase...not to mention I'm no longer locked into an overpriced 2 year contract with a cell phone company.
great phone, nice looking, powerful, excellent screen definition and camera resolution...
Awesome phone. Happy that I didn't go for iPhone 6+. No phone can beat the looks mainly the curvy edge screen. Very high end hardware compare to iPhone and feature rich. Best part is that the rear phone is 16MP HD and front camera is 5MP HD. Photo quality is simply awesome. Best for selfies. A definite go.
I have waited a long time to get my hands on my very own smartphone although I bought my wife an iphone earlier. Samsung has come a long way from its plastic bodies flagship and the finish and quality of material used is at par with the best in offer today. This is my first Android but the reason for buy the larger version if the edge is the beautiful screen and its 4GB RAM coupled with quick charge facility. The screen is immersive and the camera is a delight, the ergonomics are good but the thin edge makes it difficult to hold with confidence but a genuine leather case(iCARER) made it easier for me. Remember, this phone is not for single handed use mostly so try it out in a brick and mortar store before deciding to buy this beast. Now, as far as the performance goes, I am disappointed with the efficiency of RAM usage by android, out of 4GB RAM 3GB is normally in use which makes me wonder how the regular s6 edge uses its RAM and what makes it increase in the s6 edge plus. There are great features on this phone that you keep exploring but to access all of that uses a lot of RAM which is inefficiency that I see in Android platform. When you compare that to iOS it only had 1GB RAM until 6S was released but the OS was solid and the battery usage and application performance was impressive. I wish people at Andriod can learn something on efficient usage of RAM from Apple. And the most important thing for people who are buying the international version, you do not have access to install and use Samsung Pay which is one of the main reason I bought this phone. Samsung Pay is only available in versions specific for US and Korean market which are sold through the carriers(priced higher). I hope Samsung releases Samsung Pay for International versions used in US/Korea pretty soon but until then that feature is turned off for this version of Samsung Flagship.
Wonderful phone.
Ok
Best phone I have every owned.
Very nice phone though I'm suspicious of the fact that it wasn't brand new as sauce cus I try to open some apps and they say someone's using it on a different device
Good sellers everything was straight
The phone was shipped all new and perfect condition.Thanks!!!!
Love the color , love everything its beautiful.
Excellent cellphone great screen
The best cellphone there is.
Good experience.. Loved it.
good display
My son is using the phone. He loves it.
reasonable price and good service
WOW!
Great seller. Fast shipping. Love the phone (: if anyone is curious the phone does work with straight talk like a pro. The only concern I had was the phone not having a memory card slot. It took me 4 hours to blutooth all my pics and music to it. In the end it's a beautiful phone. I recommend this phone.
Nice and super
Great phone! I love the color. You can't get this color at a store in the US. It is unlocked as well so it works with my service at T-Mobile.
It is excellent.
Love the phone. Had it about a month now. Upgraded from the Galaxy S6. Only issue was with seller. I ordered a black S6 Edge + Plus International in the color black. I received the right phone but in the color gold. Also I noticed the info sticker on the box was covered with a new/different model #, ssid#, & different color then what I received. However all the #'s & info on the bottom under the "new sticker" matched my actual phone. Other then that all is great. It came in. I charged it. Inserted my AT&T mini Sims card, put in all my info to restore my stuff from my Samsung & Google accts, and it even downloaded the apps I had on my regular S6 so I didn't have to do all that again. Thank god! Lol. It can be a pain setting up a new phone. Took me about an hour to charge and completely setup. 35-40 mins to fully charge the battery.
it's great but i just can't get the right case for it - every case i order on amazon is too small. it's a much bigger phone than anticipated
Yes this phone is perfect I live it in every way.. I couldn't ask for a better phone you get a s7 when it's all the same now we have marshallow in all. Loving it...
Great phone! Although its a little bit confusing to setup. I have never been a fan of android but I guess this ones okay. I've had experienced my apps closing for no reason so 4 stars for me but so far everything is great, camera is awesome, batter lasts me all day and handling the phone fits right in my hands(I have bighands). Hopefully this phone will last me a long time before I change phones again
Was very new and clean...came with everything in order
Without a doubt is the best smartphone out there. Fast, great display ando now runs android 6.0.1 marshmallow.
Very good!!!!
Positive
Its a greet phone
This phone is a beast!!!
Great phone.Gets update promptlyWill wait for the S7 and buy again from this seller
It is beautiful, manageble and fast
Can't really say nothin for now but I know it's a good phone my friends got it and recommended it for me . I hope to enjoy it
I bought the phone as a gift for my brother. He really loves the phone, he says that the phone has really exceeded his expectations especially coupled with the Gear S 2. He is able to do more with the phone and watch.
For me the best phone on the market. You don't need the S7
I JUST LOVE IT!
excellent
BEST PHONE EVER!!!
all was excellent.... nice
Excellent cell phone to have now better than Iphone s6.
Fast shipping!! Phone worked perfectly with Cricket wireless!!!! So far no problems!!!
Great phone but Samsung should focus on making software it more like google nexus.
Great case. Though the stand is a little flimsy and easily knocked over.
excellent product.
Nice phone
I recieve my phone, and i am very happy to say that everything is as i espected! Hope after me will be a lot of positive reviews and comments!
Great!
I love this phone! I've only used it for a few days but I'm blown away by the professional and ergonomic design. I love the way it handles and how easy it is to use and understand. I was concerned that it would be too big but it's perfect. So far I'm very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend this to my friends.
love it , I enjoy it
Perfect. Exactly what I was expecting. I love this phone and Samsung. They really made a beautiful job with this one.
This phone is so fantastic is surreal! Loved it and is becoming my favorite phone ever. Elegant, useful, blazing fast, exceptional screen... an absolute top at every angle.Just be aware that -being the international version it comes with the U.K charger (only useful in the UK, not surprisingly)-. You will need an adapter elsewhere (and probably a transformer as well in some countries?). Otherwise... the best phone I ever owned!
Great ship time,love the phone.seller is wonderful.
Service and Shipping are great!Overall, this phone is everything that you would expect it to be. From its looks to its software, THIS PHONE IS A BEAST. The curved edges make this phone stand out in public. It is so satisfying to just look at!Also,16 MP Camera takes AMAZING quality pictures.CRAZY fast processorThe only problem is my fingerprint scanner is a little dysfunctional. It works just fine however I have to re calibrate my fingerprint every month or so. If I don't it is hard to unlock my device with my fingerprint as I have to scan it multiple times. It seems to forget how my finger is and I basically have to remind it every month. This is the only part that can get quite annoying.
amazing deal... on time delivery
I love this phone set up was easy and it is working great new in box with everything intex lovely gold color very nice
I'm in loooooove!!! My first Samsung and it did not disappoint!! However, maybe it's just me, but the battery runs down rather quickly for a new phone.... I hope it gets stronger though. Otherwise, I'm in love with the graphics and everything!!!
Love my phone, the only thing battery don't last as long as I thought, I have to full charge it 2xs a day (I think it depends on the use during the day) and other thing to mention screen protectors don't work well on edge they come out quickly when you put the cover. But besides that its a great phone, I compare it to a IPhone 6 and this phone haves more features then an IPhone 6 camera is way better both video and pictures.
All ok
Great phone!, works in Argentina!
Love
Man I love this phone. Ever since I got it I have never put it down n it works great. It works with any service that take sin card. But it doesn't work good enough for me at where I live but so far overall I love love this phone n I will buy it again if I can. The shipment was great too. They deliver on time and the phone was ready to use. Buy n try it for ur self n see how it works. ❤
great
Lovely phone works on any net work was very impress
5 star
Great product. Really love it
Supurbe device
Good. Everything's fine.
Very nice phone but battery only lasts a day.
excelent
Absolutely love my phone 😍😍😍 it was brand new sealed in the box. The only issue I have is the battery. It does run out quickly but im always on my phone so i guess i can live with that. But other than that I LOOOOVE IT
Works perfectly! Really beautiful! Get random strangers complimenting my phone too:)
Love the device as a whole. The touch quality, the camera quality and all other smart features are just amazing. But I face some issues with fast charging after 3months of use. Otherwise the phone is just faboluos and is much better option than the latest model of iPhones.
Hi this phone is good but now is lock I don't know how to do I even forgot my Google account. Thanks. I need help.
Excellent
Having a blast with it should have bought it a long time ago
Extremely happy with my purchase.
The oboy not so good was the alphabet that did not have all languages.
Thanks!
Great
Great
Perfect!
Very nice phone.
great deal
Phone was indeed A+ as advertised. Perfect condition, no scratches or any defects of any kind. Same as NEW from phone store only less than half price.
Picture clarity so good.everything is very good. I love my samsung plus phone.
Good phone
I love my phone! Great customer service from seller.
Great phone ready to use
I like it, but samsung pay and live broadcast don't work on this international version.
Its so usefull and beautiful
Allways Perfect!
Super phone and works great with Cricket.
Everything is perfect It works on Ecaudor!!!!
Perfect
I loved it so much. Sleek design, over the top technology. I buy apple 6s plus but incomparable with this. Seller send on time. Thanks Amazon for the super deal. Its better than carrier or bxxx buy.
Best phone. If you are debating between the plus and note 5 pick the edgeplus. For some reason the screen just looks better on the plus than the note 5. Super fast and no lag and the gold looks amazing.
Good product, good delivery
Love my phone but it's not like the s5 where you didn't have to where kid gloves but still love it
Love it!!!
facing only with Bluetooth issue when want to use Bluetooth headphones . Overall experience is fine
Gorgeous phone with infinite functions. The camera is very delicate. I already broke the camera and it had a case on it! I had the 5s active for two years without a problem! I'll get it fixed...Bummer.
It is great....I will recommend others as the product is good.
i like the phone. (it's trying to get a good/protective front-shield that is causing frustration).......I'm not sure which front-shield to buy because there seems to be misrepresentation on some of the products advertised on amazon (according to customer reviews)
Great phone
it's ok to use , the only thing that you can not use for samsung pay, the mistaked that i bought international unlock phone
Excellent!
Thus far great phone compatible with T-Mobile.Currently connected. No problems to report.
Very nice,no problems
i love it
Great phone! Samsung = quality. Techies get Galaxies, fruit loops get apples.
International version doesn't work with samsung pay though
Great phone. the edges make it look like if its 3D phone
Very good. Fast and clear. Thanks
The phone is well a flagship its pretty but I definitely regret purchasing it. The curve is really just a gimmick & the case availability because of it is slim (ha-ha get it) if you want any real protection for this phone there's only a few optionsInsurance or buying a different phone
This phone is amazing. Beautiful camera quality at 16 mp back camera and front facing camera at 5mp just upgraded from the galaxy s5 and very well worth it. The resolution is amazing. The sound. Wow. It's great very loud. Only complaint is that I have small hands so the phone is kinda big for me a bit slippery in the hands. It's smooth very fast. Battery life not so great in just a few minutes it goes down about 5% i think in maybe about a month or so i'll do another review sharing my full experience with the phone.New review!So ive had this phone for about 3 weeks or so.and im in love with it! The camera and sound are amazing the sound is very loud and nice . The battery life is actually pretty good. A few tips to make your battery last longer would be to only charge your phone when it geta to 10% dont chrage it at 40% wait till it gets to 10% try not too over charge it and also dont use it while your charging it because you are just straining the battery. With the fast charge cable in about 30-40 mins its charged. I was able to connect this phone with metropcs and everything works well.
Beautiful piece of hardware! Bought it for my wife who switched from an iPhone 6. She loves it and has no regrets. The Screen and camera are awesome. Battery life for her is not great, but she keep the screen at full brightness all the time. Overall very impressed.
Amazing phone
Perfect, light, elegant, very 21st century phone packed with unlimited features. Good buy. No more concern about battery charge. Even with intensive use the charge last a full day. The ultra power saving us simply awesome.
Thanks
Amazing. Love the battery life, Camera and fingerprint sensor ( Not to mention the sheer design!)
Es fantastico
My daughter absolutely loves this phone
Good product. Good seller
TRUE
Everything is great!
Good phone!
Absolutely flawless thank you, so much! Will be back again!
Good
Good product I recommen this to anyone
Love this phone!!!!!!!!!! It is amazing everything about the phone is perfect
This phone is amazing. It does everything the iPhone can. The only thing I don't like is that the memory is not expandable via micro sd like most androids. Other than that the phone is absolutely perfect!
has ever thing that it sayes
Good one
It is working like a charm. I have it for a month and it is amazing. Thanks.
Best of best. What can I say more.
One of the best cell phones i have owned. I love everything about this phone. Even the battery last much longer than my iphone ever did!
Can't stand the reflective lines on both edges (especially when in very bright environment). Its curvy screen design looks cool but is really NOT ergonomic. Other than these trivial but unbearable flaws, this is very nice phone.
My boyfriend bought th is phone for me as a Christmas gift and I loved it. When I saw it on here I knew I had to get him one. It arrived VERY quick and AT&T in the USA had no problem adding it! I'm so happy I got this phone for him he loves it.
At this time, I have no problem with this phone. Works like a champ.
It's very good product.
The best phone I've ever owned. Fast, crystal clear display, easy to use interface. I came from an iPhone 4s a few years ago and moved to the HTC One, which I liked at first but slowly realized how many problems I had with it. It was a great phone, but it was fairly slow, the camera sucked, and the interface was pretty terrible (I had a hard time learning it as a former iPhone user). I almost switched back to iPhone, but then I considered this Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. I pulled the trigger and bought it on amazon (needed this version so I could use it on Cricket). This phone has not stopped amazing me since I got it. The display is big and sharp and crystal clear, the photos are in stunning detail and come out beautiful every time, the phone is incredibly fast, and the interface is really easy to use (which could have more to do with android updates than htc vs samsung, but idk). The edges are not very useful, I like being able to read the clock on it at night instead of having to pick up the phone to view the time, but other than that they are more of a gimmick, but they do look cool so I still count them as a plus. The fit and finish of the phone is excellent.
Excellent product and quality.
Phone works great in Canada and the U.S. Only thing to note is that the charger has a european wall plug - but an adapter to NA plugs ins included.
Most powerful mobile phone in the world. No lags, no problems, Perfect photos. I like the fingerprint sensor and the curved glass is unique. Far ahead of any Apple device.
It's the best phone ever!!!
Love this phone.
Great phone
Excellent
The desing is perfect. The curve. All is perfect
The best
Couldn't ask for more; had an Iphone 6 before and Samsung is better.
Really loving Andriod. A lot of cool features compared to Apple and Windows Phones. I got this with Samsung Gear VR and its amazing. Using it everyday to watch movies and shows. I love it!
Cool
excelent product and seller!!
Good
Good
The Samsung Galaxy S5 edge plus is amazing I love this phone
All right.
It is excellent.
Love the phone. Had it about a month now. Upgraded from the Galaxy S6. Only issue was with seller. I ordered a black S6 Edge + Plus International in the color black. I received the right phone but in the color gold. Also I noticed the info sticker on the box was covered with a new/different model #, ssid#, & different color then what I received. However all the #'s & info on the bottom under the "new sticker" matched my actual phone. Other then that all is great. It came in. I charged it. Inserted my AT&T mini Sims card, put in all my info to restore my stuff from my Samsung & Google accts, and it even downloaded the apps I had on my regular S6 so I didn't have to do all that again. Thank god! Lol. It can be a pain setting up a new phone. Took me about an hour to charge and completely setup. 35-40 mins to fully charge the battery.
it's great but i just can't get the right case for it - every case i order on amazon is too small. it's a much bigger phone than anticipated
Yes this phone is perfect I live it in every way.. I couldn't ask for a better phone you get a s7 when it's all the same now we have marshallow in all. Loving it...
Was very new and clean...came with everything in order
Very good!!!!
Positive
Supurbe device
Good. Everything's fine.
Very nice phone but battery only lasts a day.
excelent
Absolutely love my phone 😍😍😍 it was brand new sealed in the box. The only issue I have is the battery. It does run out quickly but im always on my phone so i guess i can live with that. But other than that I LOOOOVE IT
Works perfectly! Really beautiful! Get random strangers complimenting my phone too:)
Love the device as a whole. The touch quality, the camera quality and all other smart features are just amazing. But I face some issues with fast charging after 3months of use. Otherwise the phone is just faboluos and is much better option than the latest model of iPhones.
I had to return this as it didn't come with everything that was shown in the picture. (Amazon service was A+ as always). I purchased the same phone elsewhere and just love it. It's a beautiful phone and a breeze to use. I think I prefer the Google voice app over the S app, but both are good and come with the phone. (Admittedly the Siri voice is better sounding.) LOL. This is a high end, beautiful luxury phone. Expensive , but that shouldn't be a surprise. I am truly enjoying my phone and have had many people ask about it. Over and over I hear "Gorgeous phone!". "Just beautiful". Oh yeah....I've already dropped it three times. Not a mark on it and no cracked glass!!!! Right now my lovely phone is going commando. It's been two weeks and not a mark on it. The fast charger is so great. You can't believe how fast it works. Love, love, love my phone.
Simply beautiful awesome samsung galaxy s6 edge plus smartphone
Great device
Excellent
Very nice elegant phone , original not as some body told me it is fake ,, orginal nice phone I'm so happy with it
Simply an amazing phone, or should I say microcomputer... The smartphones of today are no longer just a communication device, they are legitimately computers. This thing is so powerful it outperforms a couple of the computers in my house when going on the web. I'm blown away by it! After having it for three months I've gotten use to the incredible pictures and video it takes, but other people haven't! I can't tell you how many times that I whip out this phone to show someone something and they say, "man, that's a beautiful picture..." It reminds me of what I thought when I first saw my nephew's phone (he has the smaller S6 Edge) and I remember why they are reacting that way. That's when I tell them that I'm only on the 1280x720 setting and that the maximum setting is 3840x2160, which is four more steps up. I could go on but this review is getting longer than I originally intended...Lastly, the new S7 is cool, but I think I'll wait and see if they make a plus version or maybe even wait for the S8. After all, the S8's will be here before you know it, one year max! Until then, the S6 Edge Plus is still a head-turner...
Great cell phone. The product arrived on time and in excellent conditions as stated in the description. No problems at all 👌👌👌
My best Samsung phone yet!!!
Ok
Best phone I have every owned.
Very nice phone though I'm suspicious of the fact that it wasn't brand new as sauce cus I try to open some apps and they say someone's using it on a different device
Good sellers everything was straight
The phone was shipped all new and perfect condition.Thanks!!!!
Love the color , love everything its beautiful.
Excellent cellphone great screen
Good experience.. Loved it.
good display
My son is using the phone. He loves it.
reasonable price and good service
WOW!
Great seller. Fast shipping. Love the phone (: if anyone is curious the phone does work with straight talk like a pro. The only concern I had was the phone not having a memory card slot. It took me 4 hours to blutooth all my pics and music to it. In the end it's a beautiful phone. I recommend this phone.
Nice and super
I'm in loooooove!!! My first Samsung and it did not disappoint!! However, maybe it's just me, but the battery runs down rather quickly for a new phone.... I hope it gets stronger though. Otherwise, I'm in love with the graphics and everything!!!
Love my phone, the only thing battery don't last as long as I thought, I have to full charge it 2xs a day (I think it depends on the use during the day) and other thing to mention screen protectors don't work well on edge they come out quickly when you put the cover. But besides that its a great phone, I compare it to a IPhone 6 and this phone haves more features then an IPhone 6 camera is way better both video and pictures.
All ok
I love this phone! I've only used it for a few days but I'm blown away by the professional and ergonomic design. I love the way it handles and how easy it is to use and understand. I was concerned that it would be too big but it's perfect. So far I'm very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend this to my friends.
love it , I enjoy it
Perfect. Exactly what I was expecting. I love this phone and Samsung. They really made a beautiful job with this one.
Great ship time,love the phone.seller is wonderful.
Service and Shipping are great!Overall, this phone is everything that you would expect it to be. From its looks to its software, THIS PHONE IS A BEAST. The curved edges make this phone stand out in public. It is so satisfying to just look at!Also,16 MP Camera takes AMAZING quality pictures.CRAZY fast processorThe only problem is my fingerprint scanner is a little dysfunctional. It works just fine however I have to re calibrate my fingerprint every month or so. If I don't it is hard to unlock my device with my fingerprint as I have to scan it multiple times. It seems to forget how my finger is and I basically have to remind it every month. This is the only part that can get quite annoying.
amazing deal... on time delivery
Thanks!
Great
Great
Perfect!
Very nice phone.
great deal
Phone was indeed A+ as advertised. Perfect condition, no scratches or any defects of any kind. Same as NEW from phone store only less than half price.
Its a greet phone
This phone is a beast!!!
Great phone.Gets update promptlyWill wait for the S7 and buy again from this seller
It is beautiful, manageble and fast
Can't really say nothin for now but I know it's a good phone my friends got it and recommended it for me . I hope to enjoy it
I bought the phone as a gift for my brother. He really loves the phone, he says that the phone has really exceeded his expectations especially coupled with the Gear S 2. He is able to do more with the phone and watch.
For me the best phone on the market. You don't need the S7
I JUST LOVE IT!
excellent
niiiicccceeeeee
perfect that was a real one
The product is exactly as advertised in the website. Price is comparatively lower than other online shopping sites and in-stores. Great buy Love it !
Met all of my expectations.
great phone works well, you even get an adapter for USA outlets. but unfortunately and not the seller issue, my screen cracked a week after owning it. be very careful and buy a screen protector.
Very good phone
Best Phone ever by Samsung.. Blown away with Screen clarity (~518 PPI).. Best camera in segment, Strong Build quality, It has everything a premium phone should have..
Absolutely LOVE this phone!!! I switched from a iPhone to the edge and the edge blows the iPhone out of the water!!! It is incredibly fast. I could't believe how fast it restarted! I have really good signal. I have yet to not beable to make a call because of no bars. I cant say enough about the camera... the photo quality is amazing. So happy with my purchase...not to mention I'm no longer locked into an overpriced 2 year contract with a cell phone company.
great phone, nice looking, powerful, excellent screen definition and camera resolution...
I have waited a long time to get my hands on my very own smartphone although I bought my wife an iphone earlier. Samsung has come a long way from its plastic bodies flagship and the finish and quality of material used is at par with the best in offer today. This is my first Android but the reason for buy the larger version if the edge is the beautiful screen and its 4GB RAM coupled with quick charge facility. The screen is immersive and the camera is a delight, the ergonomics are good but the thin edge makes it difficult to hold with confidence but a genuine leather case(iCARER) made it easier for me. Remember, this phone is not for single handed use mostly so try it out in a brick and mortar store before deciding to buy this beast. Now, as far as the performance goes, I am disappointed with the efficiency of RAM usage by android, out of 4GB RAM 3GB is normally in use which makes me wonder how the regular s6 edge uses its RAM and what makes it increase in the s6 edge plus. There are great features on this phone that you keep exploring but to access all of that uses a lot of RAM which is inefficiency that I see in Android platform. When you compare that to iOS it only had 1GB RAM until 6S was released but the OS was solid and the battery usage and application performance was impressive. I wish people at Andriod can learn something on efficient usage of RAM from Apple. And the most important thing for people who are buying the international version, you do not have access to install and use Samsung Pay which is one of the main reason I bought this phone. Samsung Pay is only available in versions specific for US and Korean market which are sold through the carriers(priced higher). I hope Samsung releases Samsung Pay for International versions used in US/Korea pretty soon but until then that feature is turned off for this version of Samsung Flagship.
Wonderful phone.
Great phone!
I love it!!!
Its good.
I bought yhis one because it said international version factory unlocked. But in order to use it out of usa, you must put a usa sim card and use it for a few minutes before it unlocks for international use. Also, the charger is for usa outlets only. So how is this useful as an international version factory unlocked?
Thanx
Love it
Excellent Phone'However due to International Version Samsung Pay doesn't work
Hi this phone is good but now is lock I don't know how to do I even forgot my Google account. Thanks. I need help.
Excellent
Having a blast with it should have bought it a long time ago
Extremely happy with my purchase.
The oboy not so good was the alphabet that did not have all languages.
BEST PHONE EVER!!!
all was excellent.... nice
Excellent cell phone to have now better than Iphone s6.
Fast shipping!! Phone worked perfectly with Cricket wireless!!!! So far no problems!!!
Great case. Though the stand is a little flimsy and easily knocked over.
excellent product.
Nice phone
I recieve my phone, and i am very happy to say that everything is as i espected! Hope after me will be a lot of positive reviews and comments!
Great!
Best darn phone ive ever held, Has double the iphone 6 memory and three times as much ram, it looks better and performs better! Hands down great buy
It's amazing phone....
Thank you so much... I'm excite because i have already the cellphone... Thank you
Great phone, awesome graphics and the camera is amazing.I had one problem since using it when the fingerprint recognition went hair wire but I used the backup password and reset the fingerprint and no problems since.
PERFECT!!! everything ok!!!!
i love it!
Awesome
love it
All ok. Beautiful phone.
Amazing product and great experience. Phone came brand new and shipping was fast. Had no trouble at ALL switching it to Metro Pcs except when I had service but no lte. When I realized I had no lte I turned around and walked right back in asking why I didn't, the lady fixed the problem so now I have service and lte. Just make sure everything works before leaving but in the end everything should work fine. The overall time it will take is at least 5-10min depending on if you have to constantly unlock your phone for the representative lol. I bought my phone from the seller BREED and I'm very satisfied.
perfect
I have only had this phone a week but I love it.
Excellent. This was a replacement of the same phone. My previous s6 edge plus took a drink and all of the retailers don't even sell the s6 anymore because they are pushing the s7, I like the Samsung phones but I was stuck because they don't make a s7 edge plus and I don't think the regular s7 edge is wide enough. The Note 7's are catching fire and recalled and s8 edge plus doesn't come out until Feb 2017. I didn't want to pay 760 for the s7 when I'd rather wait for the s8 in a few months. I still owe 576 of the original phone so paying that off and starting over on a s7 didn't sound good. I really like the s6 edge plus I just wished it had 2 missing features. 1) microSD 2) water proof.My other option was to make the jump to iPhone but I'd want the iPhone 7 plus and it doesn't come out for another month. It's just a bad time to need a new phone.I ordered the phone at 10am and it was at my door at 6pm same day. I simply put my SIM card in and bam I'm up and running just like nothing happened to my original phone. All of my contacts and text history populated. I did have to charge it and let the software updates run through but it was done pretty quick.I'm very happy with the phone, I didn't even know I could buy phone's like this on Amazon. I was feeling like the man had his thumb on my head forcing me to the s7. I'll never buy from retail shops again even if they offer Zero percent interest, I like half the cost!
Comes as a Verizon model and not a factory model, the phone is unlocked for all carriers but you'll have to go into settings and manually select your carrier if it isn't Verizon.
Very, Very pleased. My 2nd phone that I bought from the same place. Fast Delivery and the phone is really new. Highly Recommended seller!!
I love it!!
Love this phone. Did not recieve headphones but did come with 1 case and 2 screen protectors.
I love my celular same is in that picture no problem todo conecte to my línea verizon thanks amazon
Excellent quality, a great phone for a great price.The only thing that you have to do is write the APN and is ready to use 100% unlocked.
Got it on time. Love it.
Different colour..(( i order gold but receive gray..((
Love my phone
Great phone but didn't work for TMobile
Sharp large display, fast processor and 4G with awesome camera.
I love this phone! I only had my S4 for a year before having to replace it (I dropped it in sour cream and the sound didn't work anymore...let the pity laughs roll in), and this phone works great. It came new, packaged in its original box with a USB cable, adapter, earphones, standard manual, the little ejector thingy you need to put in a new sim, and instructions on how to use it on a different carrier!
Thanks
Very gud
Great Phone
If you don't care about your phone being a fine music player and don't need expandability, but do want the dependability (and perhaps the fame) of using a Samsung Galaxy phone, well here it is. I think this represents a good value if you are such a person that I described. Otherwise, you could check out the ZTE Axon 7 (which I prefer). This is a beautiful phone, and there is a large selection of accessories for it. You can also find plenty of reviews on this item. I think two of the strongest points for this phone is its vibrant display and the quality of its camera for those who want to point and shoot.
Ok
Great
Arrived brand new. Working as expected.
One of the best phones that I have ever owned. The only thing missing is expandable storage and a removable battery.
great great great like new
Looks fantastic. Good phone. Unfortunately it doesn't have a micro SD slot, something all of the previous gallaxys' had.
Received the phone in perfect condition with all original accessories.
The phone came in perfect condition today and it was package nice and brand new so I putted Straight Talk on it it works
I love this phone, so far it has been the best phone that I have had, I hope that it continues to impress me.
Nice one...
LOVE LOVE IT
Phone came brand new it is unlocked and it works perfectly. Fell in love 😍😍😍
Great phone! Didn't realize the plus was a lot bigger than the normal phones. Came with Verizon nano card but I took it out and put a straight talk card in. It works! WARNING: Since it is so large, order a case with it so if it falls out of your pocket, you don't damage your phone. It is far too nice to break.
I love my new phone. It is in perfect condition. I activated it the same day with Verizon with no issues. It came in a original package with earphones and original charger. I love it! The only downside was that I paid $26 for one they shipping and it actually took them 4 days to delivered. Other than that, I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
Phone came in perfect conditions, and it works great. It came nicely packaged, with original box and everything inside it; even the SIM card. It was easy to activate. It's a Verizon phone, so we had to call T-mobile to activate it, and it didn't take longer than 5 minutes. It also came earlier than expected!!
I love my celular same is in that picture no problem todo conecte to my línea verizon thanks amazon
perfect
I have only had this phone a week but I love it.
Excellent. This was a replacement of the same phone. My previous s6 edge plus took a drink and all of the retailers don't even sell the s6 anymore because they are pushing the s7, I like the Samsung phones but I was stuck because they don't make a s7 edge plus and I don't think the regular s7 edge is wide enough. The Note 7's are catching fire and recalled and s8 edge plus doesn't come out until Feb 2017. I didn't want to pay 760 for the s7 when I'd rather wait for the s8 in a few months. I still owe 576 of the original phone so paying that off and starting over on a s7 didn't sound good. I really like the s6 edge plus I just wished it had 2 missing features. 1) microSD 2) water proof.My other option was to make the jump to iPhone but I'd want the iPhone 7 plus and it doesn't come out for another month. It's just a bad time to need a new phone.I ordered the phone at 10am and it was at my door at 6pm same day. I simply put my SIM card in and bam I'm up and running just like nothing happened to my original phone. All of my contacts and text history populated. I did have to charge it and let the software updates run through but it was done pretty quick.I'm very happy with the phone, I didn't even know I could buy phone's like this on Amazon. I was feeling like the man had his thumb on my head forcing me to the s7. I'll never buy from retail shops again even if they offer Zero percent interest, I like half the cost!
Comes as a Verizon model and not a factory model, the phone is unlocked for all carriers but you'll have to go into settings and manually select your carrier if it isn't Verizon.
Very, Very pleased. My 2nd phone that I bought from the same place. Fast Delivery and the phone is really new. Highly Recommended seller!!
I love it!!
Love this phone. Did not recieve headphones but did come with 1 case and 2 screen protectors.
Phone came in within seven days, and in perfect condition. I am normally very cautious about buying used phones, but I am more than satisfied with this purchase. Its unlocked, in original packaging, along with charger and USB cable. There are Minor blemishes, but hardly noticeable. But other than that, phone runs smoothly, and there are no complications. Would definitely recommend purchasing.Works with straight talk, AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon. All you need is a SIM card that is compatible for this particular phone, but those only cost around $6.00.
love it...package arrived way before time...happy happy
So far I'm satisfied with this phone. Its expensive but has a lot of good features. Samsung will not register or warrant this phone because they say its an international device. Not happy about that!
Excellent!
It's ok, but the problem is hasn't micro SD
Great
The phone is fine and performing very well.
I received a G928-C version. Using it in the US on a GSM network successfully without any issues.
I love this phone... extremely happy I ditched the Iphone. It is a thing of beauty. It took forever to arrive, but well worth the wait.
I bought the titan silver 64gb international unlocked. Upgraded from the Sony Xperia Z3 Compact, which is a fantastic little phone in its own right. But this S6 Edge + is lightning fast, incredible screen, the best camera I've ever seen on a phone and easily the best looking phone I've seen to date. The edge features are minimal and it's not the easiest phone to hold, especially in a small hand since the back is flat instead of contoured. This is a minor issue that doesn't personally take away from the experience. The build quality is superb, nothing feels cheap at all. And the gorilla glass 4 is incredibly strong so don't worry about it being too fragile, I still wouldn't recommend dropping it, but if you do there is a fair chance it will survive with little damage if dropped from waist height. All-in-all this is easily the best phone I've owned. I would highly recommend getting the Samsung charge pad to go with it. It's very convenient being able to just set it down and start charging instead of fumbling with the cable, it charges very quickly on the pad as well. The phone arrived in the white Samsung box along with turbo charger, US plug adapter, UK plug adapter, Samsung ear bud headphones and micro-sim port removal tool. All bagged up and packaged in Amazon box. Quality distributer and arrived earlier than scheduled. Highly recommended, 5 stars
Excellent best phone ever .no regrets
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Sm-g928 64gb (Factory Unlocked) 5.7" Lcd - International Version (silver titan)Great Phone and amazing design. Delivery to my hotel was spotless. Thank you Technomaster for a smooth purchase on the Market Place.Only downside : I expected from an International Version to alsoor either get the european plug but it only came with American plug. Annoying as it is a Fast Charge plug and the phone takes normally 3h25 to charge :-(I contacted Technomaster as they offer you to do so if you need a different plug (unlike other sellers from the Market Place) and will update my review and grade as soon as I hear from them.
very good
Great phone, all as advertised
Wonderful phone Samsung has ever made, complete with premium materials such as metal and glass. It’s remarkably similar to the earlier model, just with a bigger display and battery. It’s remarkably similar to the earlier model, just with a bigger display and battery. But it’s more remarkably similar to the earlier model I had before just with a bigger display and battery. I'm very impress with my new phone
Love it
Beautiful device am really enjoying it
My Niece liked
I love it
Item as described. However the charger I got is European, so I had to buy myself an adapter to plug it in Latin America's outputs.
The phone is super good,was delivered before time,am in love with pictures,and good speaker.
One of the best android phones you can buy. This machine is fast and very great looking. Size is very suitable (5.7 screen), and is fast as hell. For photos and videos is way more better than iPhone 6, and for movies just compared to s7 screens. The only thing I complained is that battery life is poor in this model, because of all of the junk software that came with it, so have in mind you will need a power bank to survive all day
excellent phone
Great phone. Excellent option, you are not going to waste your money.
I wanna give it a good 4.8 the only one issue with it was a very small dent on the upper right hand corner but nothing that would ever bother me. Overall the phone works perfectly and I'd like to thank you for the product. Keep making the people happy (:
nice and deserves its price
Received as expected.so far i love my new phone.it comes with a strange charger but they gave me an adaptor for it so thats a plus plus.highly recommended.i will order again in the future.
Very nice and work very good but it doesn't sent photo via sms
a+
The phone looks great, works great, and was significantly cheaper. The S6 edge is also a very nice model.
👌👍😆😀
Buying a certified refurbished phone is the way to go!! No lwase yo worry about. Its perfect@
GOOD
after dropping my phone, I decided to upgrade to the s6 edge, but didn't want to pay the full retail price or get locked into a new contract. I have never purchased a re-furbished phone, so I was a little nervous. I really like that this had a 90 money back guarantee - that made me feel much safer making an expensive purchase for something that I can't actually inspect first. The phone I received has not defects that I can see (scratches, etc...) It is in perfect working condition. Very happy with this purchase. It was SO easy to set up w/ my carrier. I don't think I will ever purchase a new phone again....
good
it is the most beautiful phone i ever got. The camera is excellent and gives you the best picture quality. it has all the features i wanted. I just love this phone.
I like it but i need a copy of the reciep... could you please send me to my email.
Love my new phone !!!!! No complaints whatsoever !!!
Excellent
Yeah the phone match with the expectations i had abt it. Currently it is working ok
The best phone I ever owned. The camera is excellent gives the best picture quality. I am very satisfied.
Great deviceMy wife loves itDelivered promptlySeller is reliable
great buy
I indeed love this phone, it met my expectations
One of the best phones ever owned
Perfect phone
todo ok
its a good phone , works perfect love it
OK
Nice item i used since i bougth it and work perfect.
Nice
Simply the best phone I've had to date!
I really love my phone everything works great.
like it said
great
Very good
It was exactly what I expected...
Works perfectly.. As expected and arrived on time
Very good
GOOD
I like this cell-phone
Amazing phone, works great with Samsung VR Gear, loving the whole VR Movement, It's absolutely Worth spending the extra cash to get the Edge over the 6s.Awesome screen resolution
Nice
Very good as I expected. It came with british style batery charger but I stil have the old one.
Very nice! I am really enjoying this phone.
Good cellphone
Great phone thank you
It' great!!!! I love it
This is a beautiful phone. Smooth, Shiny and thinner than I expected. The build quality and materials are excellent, real metal and glass, no more plastic. I am upgrading from a Samsung Galaxy S4 Active as my personal phone. The S6 Edge is sleek by comparison. I also have a Note 4 Edge from work and love the wrap around screen. The S6 fits my hand much easier than the Note 4, but either is great. I went with the unlocked phone primarily because I am tired of the constant contract renewals and pressure to "rent" their phone. Their sales pitch is all about low monthly payments. However they fail to point out that those payments go on seemingly forever and you don't really own the phone until you pay more than current retail value over the next 24-36 months. Second reason is the color - I know that's a bit shallow, but I want it to stand out from the rest of the phones out there. Last reason is occasionally I travel abroad for work. Finally nice to be able to use my own phone and not a throwaway.The only surprise was that the S6 Edge uses the NANO SIM size where my S4 was bigger. Couple of options to remedy this - Get an eXacto knife and cut it down freehand, Take it to your carrier and have them swap it out for a smaller size, or order a cutter on Amazon for under $10. I took option 3, knowing that if I broke it, I can always go to my carrier and get another SIM.
Very satisfied
i am very happy
seriously love it.the best thing about this cellphone is that you can open 2 apps at the same time, for example you tube and whatsapp (without music interruptions), but i'm guessing you already know all the features of the s6 edge.The product came in perfect condition and delivered on time, flawlessly for now. buy also a case...
Easier to put on than expected. Air bubbles with installation were easily rubbed out for a clear screen view.
love it no complain
Thats good
On time, phone work good, but had to get a new charger
ok
Excelent
Love that phone, at first it was a little odd to use as i was used to the buttons and controls of a HTC M8, But this Galaxy S6 Edge was won me over.It fast, I have never have a problem where it froze or lagged.The design is slim and the weight its extremely line compare to the M8 I replaced.I went with the S6 Edge intead of the S7 edge due to the size. I think the S7 is to big and the S6 its the perfect middle ground where you have a big screen but you can fitted easily in your pocket.
Excellent!!
Very Good, the cel is great...
Everything worked great...using the phone in Sweden without a problem.
Good
Good product and Nice seller.Delivered on time.Tks, LHP
Awesome phone love it
Excellent seller 100% satisfaction
execelente
It's Perfect!
very goodthank you
Good one ! I bought it for someone she loves it
Good
Good
First of all i would like to ask whether this phone is original version or not ... And second thing is what is the deference between 07 and 08This is what i found on the bocket*353621/07/730255/08*And Thank You
Excellent! I recommend it
great design, 4 months so far and still never had any problem
Wife was so happy with this phone, and for a great price.
I love it.. it comes with everything but the thing is that on the back it says American sim only and its says unlocked phone. why does it say that?? I want to use it in Pakistan and next month I'm going to pak.. plz help!!
All excellent !!! very good product arrived on time and waited !! thank you...
I just got my phone today. I'm loving it so far
I love this phone, it is very fast and has a nice design.The only problems I found is that it comes with a lot of samsung apps that nobody uses, and when you are on a video call it gets really hot, but other than that there's no problem.
Best smartphone by Samsung so far .
Gave it to a friend. Don't know how well it worked.
Exactly as I expected
the best
Perfect product, arrived at time and it's really awesome this phone
Good service and product.
Nice
Ok
A1
Excellent customer service. Excellent Product.
Great phone. Would deff recommend to others.
great
I liked it
This version it's an international version and it's working also in EU country.
Got it on time brand new works great!
Excelentes productos
Excellent product!
OK OK
Thrilled with speed of delivery and that the contents was exactly as expected! Thank you so much!
My problem is the battery..it gets easily dead.
I wasn't expecting a PAL charger with a separate adapter; otherwise it was a great purchase.
I like some much
Seller: 5 StarsProduct Quality: 4 StarsI have a love-hate relationship with my S6 Edge...I love the way the edges look! it looks so majestic and unique. But I hate the fact all accessories are limited, like there are not solid protective cases and the screen protectors are not good. So next time I'll definitely choose a regular screen Galaxy.
Great brand new sealed in the box and fast delivery ....and it works so fine to me 😊 I'm happy with the phone ....thanks seller (Samsung s6 edge
it is perfect. seamless design beautiful graphics
Love it! It is the best mobilephone I have ever had.
Love it
Bought this for bf Christmas..he loves it. Amazing features
I love this phone, the color is a little dark so in some lighting it is hard to tell it is even green. I had a US only phone prior but noticed this was much cheaper. I have not noticed any difference in the way it acts.
Excelent product!
My daughter is loving her phone especially since it has the fingerprint option to unlock it. As with any Samsung- Great buy. Camera is clean and perfect.
Excellent cellphone
muy bueno
Nice
Gorgeous. gorgeous phone. I am so in love with the color it's not even funny. However, since this is an international version it does not come with/is not compatible with some features released in the US. For example, it does not have Samsung pay and Swype (keyboard function). Additionally, I took it to 2 T-Mobile stores here in CA and they could not get it working on their network. They said it was not compatible. As much as it pains me to give up such a promising phone, I have to return it.I was able to mess around with the phone before resetting it and packing it up. It is extremely light weight. The screen was responsive and the phone seemed to process the basic pre-installed apps well. Unfortunately I was not able to download any games or other apps to test.According to the posted information and questions this phone should work with T-Mobile. If you are a TM customer and would like to give this phone a shot anyway, be aware that it is not a TM phone and will not have TM features. It does not have WiFi Calling, or the TM account apps.
Perfect
love it
As i expected, great cell phone !!!
Completely happy with the product. Met my expectations. I only had to overwrite the firmware to improve batery life.
It realy good phone
This is the best cell phone I have ever had. It's fast and looks great. I'm glad I purchased this phone.
The phone arrived on time and works perfectly
This is an amazing phone! The screen is something purely beautiful. My father totally loves it and let his Iphone go.
All Good so far.
I absolutely love this phone!!! Camera is awesome!! Features are awesome.. just love it!!! Wish i had waited for the 7 edge.. 😂😂😂
It's very Nice
good
Great phone.
good
Fast delivery. Great unlocked phone. Very satisfied with the purchase.
Good
I like it so much!
Thanks
Perfect
Thanks a mil. Bought it for my lady at Christmas and she hasnt put it down since
Very good phone. Good specs. Has built-in wireless charging capability (very nice feature). Edge screen doesn't seem to be that much of a game changer but there is still some things that can be done using it. The primary one being the ability to view the date / time and any notifications even when you are vertically aligned with the phone.Have not experienced any lag while using the phone, although the battery life could be better. Seems like with regular use, I end up charging the phone at least once a day.
i love it! i have it conncect with T-mobile now... the only odd thing is i cant use the samsung pay thing and dont know how to activated.. somehow it says my device is not compatible..
Still working great :)
It is a wonderful item. Very sleek and impressive. Has some many features. A profound phone. A perfect gift for anyone.
Great phone
Very good
nice
Love my S6 Edge!
Good
Exceleent very happy with my purchase
that is a great phone ,but i bought this phone about international version unlock cell phone,and the box behind written "American SIM card only" so can i use this phone in other country??
I could not be happier with my phone. It came brand new in it's box and included a charger and headphones. The phone was beautiful! I am seriously obsessed with it! The camera was my favourite part. It takes really high quality pictures! The only problem I had was with FedEx. They accidentally sent my phone to the wrong address. I contacted the seller and they really worked so hard to get me my phone back. Within a few days I had my phone :) Definitely recommend this phone! & I will be sure to buy from this seller again.
Samsung quality
Excelente! !!!
Was perfect!
the phone is awesome! samsung did a great job with this galaxy! i love it!
Excelente..👌
Excellent seller and product
Perfecto
Very good device, gripping it can be tricky though as the edges are so thin and the phone itself so slippery smooth.Rear Camera is excellent, phone performance is speedy, front facing camera is good but seems to remove blemishes through some kind of inbuit filter, video recording is quite satisfactory.Definitely get a screen protector and case. The bezel can be damaged easily and somehow... in the first 2 weeks of having it the edge screen on the left got some hairline scratches. Thankfully you can't see it with the screen protector applied.Biggest flaws with the phone are no SD Card slot and no water resistence.
nice
There isn't much I can say about the item, but I'm very glad I bought it from you.
very good
It's my best cellphone ever had.
Beautiful Phone. But it over heats even after charging. Too sensitive to skin.
I love it. I only experience a problem with screeen shooting but im getting the hang of it
Hi I bought this cellphone today but it says send an email to technomaster if u need a plugger. I cant use This plugger and I also don't know the mail. Can u send me the email address?
Hello, ı ordered two samsung galaxy s6 edge and ı got both. But ı am excited of one of them . Although it is international factory unlocked, there is no available charge ın box for using ın Turkey and it is written on the box that American Sım Card Only, so ı wonder can ı use it or not ın europe ? I am waiting for your answer in soon because ı will come back to my country in few days. Thank you.
just perfect...
Perfect... Its a amazing phone!
good product.
Excellent experience.
Thrilled with speed of delivery and that the contents was exactly as expected! Thank you so much!
One of the most beautifully designed cellphones. Its camera is amazing and the size is perfect for your gands. 100% recommended.
Awsome
4 stars because it say unlocked international version and on the box it says American sim only but the phone is great I like everything about just that the battery drains fast.
just great phone, every apple user should try this ;)
Great can't complain
Phone is awesome and shipping was extremely fast!!! Would definitely recommend to anyone.
very good product nice price
I love it!
Its simpily a great device
Works like a dream and everything has been reviewed! Love my new phone after 4 years with the S3 this is a great improvement!
very good
Product: Really impressed with this product so far. Would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone. Definitely gives IPhone a lot of competition.Shipping: Package was delivered on time and in mint condition.
EXCELENTE
I had the Iphone 5 and desperately needed an upgrade. I grew tired of being an apple customer after 2 years. So I switched back to android. I love the Galaxy 6 Edge it's wonderful and the camera is awesome. The package came with everything you see in the pictures and it even came in a day early! I'm so pleased with this phone. Not too big and easy to handle and its so sleek. I love the notification features of the Egde.
Excellent!!
Best phone eva omg bae
Good phone
The gold is the prettiest colour yet! Works great, no complaints fits nicely in your hands also.
Great product performing as expected!
Good
I love it. I switched from iphone to samsung s6 edge and it has made my life easier and everything is less time consuming. Edge makes 5 apps instantly available and also makes me choose different colors for differeng people. It looks amazing and camera is also great.
Shipped quickly.. love the phone
Excellent product, the phone unlocked and New , works great in Movistar Venezuela raises 4G LTE
Very excelent recomended
original, sealed and in excellent condition Product
I love my new phone.. This is best decision I have made regarding getting the unlock phone.
Amazing product and fast shipping! Loving the phone! Well done!
nice
Receive in good order yet to have to use it
Excellent final destination in Venezuela and works perfectly......
Is perfecto
nice cellphone .working in peru .
Ok
Excelente
Good
I'm satisfied with my item
Love my phone ... hubby bought it for me ... thank u baby u r the best!.... need a case though its pretty slippery
Excellent! Brand-new! On time delivery. Loving the phone without complaints.
Happy with the product and seller
this phone is amazing, phone came in good consition expectations are high will purchase again from retailer
excelent
Thanks
At time
This unit is great....very lovely and sleek. The only drawback is the security popup which seems to be a software glitch.....hope Samsung is working on it. ...
Phone is perfect! Well packed, great job!!
Worth every single Dollar what a great cell phone
Amazing phone, amazing features. Good phone to own.
The device came perfect, it was brand new, and it accepted my SIM chip from were I am from, I would buy again from this seller, definitely
This product was given to someone else - but I believe it is well liked!
Great phone
Good
Arrived in record time and has worked great. Very happy
perfect
Exceeded my expectations. It's an amazing phone! All in order
wouuuuuu!! the best
Is good cellphone the best .
I had s4,s5 and now this one and I can't complain
I bought it for my daughter and she was delighted.
love it!!
Gave it to a friend. Don't know how well it worked.
Exactly as I expected
the best
Good service and product.
Nice
But i don't know why it doesn't have the classic theme of the phone, it has only some neon colors theme
A1
Awesome phone love it
Excellent seller 100% satisfaction
execelente
It's Perfect!
very goodthank you
Good one ! I bought it for someone she loves it
Good
Love it!
I indeed love this phone, it met my expectations
One of the best phones ever owned
Perfect phone
todo ok
its a good phone , works perfect love it
it is the most beautiful phone i ever got. The camera is excellent and gives you the best picture quality. it has all the features i wanted. I just love this phone.
I like it but i need a copy of the reciep... could you please send me to my email.
Love my new phone !!!!! No complaints whatsoever !!!
Excellent
Yeah the phone match with the expectations i had abt it. Currently it is working ok
Great deviceMy wife loves itDelivered promptlySeller is reliable
The camera on the one i got only has two mode options Auto and panorama.....can someone help me with this issue
Works perfectly.. As expected and arrived on time
Very good
GOOD
I like this cell-phone
Amazing phone, works great with Samsung VR Gear, loving the whole VR Movement, It's absolutely Worth spending the extra cash to get the Edge over the 6s.Awesome screen resolution
Nice
Very nice! I am really enjoying this phone.
Nice item i used since i bougth it and work perfect.
Nice
Simply the best phone I've had to date!
I really love my phone everything works great.
great
Very good
It was exactly what I expected...
great buy
Love all of the extra perks that come with the Galaxy. News ticker is cool!
Excelente teléfono
New phone as posted!
perfect, great product
Gracias
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00U8KSNB0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_22
Excellent customer service. Excellent Product.
Great phone thank you
It' great!!!! I love it
This is a beautiful phone. Smooth, Shiny and thinner than I expected. The build quality and materials are excellent, real metal and glass, no more plastic. I am upgrading from a Samsung Galaxy S4 Active as my personal phone. The S6 Edge is sleek by comparison. I also have a Note 4 Edge from work and love the wrap around screen. The S6 fits my hand much easier than the Note 4, but either is great. I went with the unlocked phone primarily because I am tired of the constant contract renewals and pressure to "rent" their phone. Their sales pitch is all about low monthly payments. However they fail to point out that those payments go on seemingly forever and you don't really own the phone until you pay more than current retail value over the next 24-36 months. Second reason is the color - I know that's a bit shallow, but I want it to stand out from the rest of the phones out there. Last reason is occasionally I travel abroad for work. Finally nice to be able to use my own phone and not a throwaway.The only surprise was that the S6 Edge uses the NANO SIM size where my S4 was bigger. Couple of options to remedy this - Get an eXacto knife and cut it down freehand, Take it to your carrier and have them swap it out for a smaller size, or order a cutter on Amazon for under $10. I took option 3, knowing that if I broke it, I can always go to my carrier and get another SIM.
Very satisfied
i am very happy
seriously love it.the best thing about this cellphone is that you can open 2 apps at the same time, for example you tube and whatsapp (without music interruptions), but i'm guessing you already know all the features of the s6 edge.The product came in perfect condition and delivered on time, flawlessly for now. buy also a case...
Easier to put on than expected. Air bubbles with installation were easily rubbed out for a clear screen view.
Excelent product.
First of all i would like to ask whether this phone is original version or not ... And second thing is what is the deference between 07 and 08This is what i found on the bocket*353621/07/730255/08*And Thank You
Excellent! I recommend it
I love it.. it comes with everything but the thing is that on the back it says American sim only and its says unlocked phone. why does it say that?? I want to use it in Pakistan and next month I'm going to pak.. plz help!!
All excellent !!! very good product arrived on time and waited !! thank you...
I just got my phone today. I'm loving it so far
I love this phone, it is very fast and has a nice design.The only problems I found is that it comes with a lot of samsung apps that nobody uses, and when you are on a video call it gets really hot, but other than that there's no problem.
Thats good
On time, phone work good, but had to get a new charger
ok
Excelent
Love it! It is the best mobilephone I have ever had.
Love it
Bought this for bf Christmas..he loves it. Amazing features
I love this phone, the color is a little dark so in some lighting it is hard to tell it is even green. I had a US only phone prior but noticed this was much cheaper. I have not noticed any difference in the way it acts.
Excelent product!
My daughter is loving her phone especially since it has the fingerprint option to unlock it. As with any Samsung- Great buy. Camera is clean and perfect.
Excellent cellphone
muy bueno
Nice
love it no complain
Gorgeous. gorgeous phone. I am so in love with the color it's not even funny. However, since this is an international version it does not come with/is not compatible with some features released in the US. For example, it does not have Samsung pay and Swype (keyboard function). Additionally, I took it to 2 T-Mobile stores here in CA and they could not get it working on their network. They said it was not compatible. As much as it pains me to give up such a promising phone, I have to return it.I was able to mess around with the phone before resetting it and packing it up. It is extremely light weight. The screen was responsive and the phone seemed to process the basic pre-installed apps well. Unfortunately I was not able to download any games or other apps to test.According to the posted information and questions this phone should work with T-Mobile. If you are a TM customer and would like to give this phone a shot anyway, be aware that it is not a TM phone and will not have TM features. It does not have WiFi Calling, or the TM account apps.
Perfect
love it
As i expected, great cell phone !!!
Completely happy with the product. Met my expectations. I only had to overwrite the firmware to improve batery life.
It realy good phone
This is the best cell phone I have ever had. It's fast and looks great. I'm glad I purchased this phone.
Good cellphone
I wasn't expecting a PAL charger with a separate adapter; otherwise it was a great purchase.
I like some much
Seller: 5 StarsProduct Quality: 4 StarsI have a love-hate relationship with my S6 Edge...I love the way the edges look! it looks so majestic and unique. But I hate the fact all accessories are limited, like there are not solid protective cases and the screen protectors are not good. So next time I'll definitely choose a regular screen Galaxy.
Great brand new sealed in the box and fast delivery ....and it works so fine to me 😊 I'm happy with the phone ....thanks seller (Samsung s6 edge
Best smartphone by Samsung so far .
great
I liked it
This version it's an international version and it's working also in EU country.
Got it on time brand new works great!
Excelentes productos
Excellent product!
OK OK
excelent phone, I've been using it for almost one year and I'm happy with it.
It's a very good cell great memory
This is the version you've been waiting for! Beautiful emerald green, in 128GB. This is the model to own if you want the S6 Edge!
Excellent
Very nice product
Was delivered on time and was a good cel.
Worth the 1.3k
The best cell phone in the market!
I love it. Wonderful, iphone doesn't even come half way to this samsung edge.
Great phone
Excellent product!
great buy
I indeed love this phone, it met my expectations
One of the best phones ever owned
Perfect phone
todo ok
its a good phone , works perfect love it
OK
it is perfect. seamless design beautiful graphics
Love it! It is the best mobilephone I have ever had.
Love it
Bought this for bf Christmas..he loves it. Amazing features
I love this phone, the color is a little dark so in some lighting it is hard to tell it is even green. I had a US only phone prior but noticed this was much cheaper. I have not noticed any difference in the way it acts.
Excelent product!
My daughter is loving her phone especially since it has the fingerprint option to unlock it. As with any Samsung- Great buy. Camera is clean and perfect.
Excellent cellphone
muy bueno
Nice
Thanks
Exceleent very happy with my purchase
that is a great phone ,but i bought this phone about international version unlock cell phone,and the box behind written "American SIM card only" so can i use this phone in other country??
I could not be happier with my phone. It came brand new in it's box and included a charger and headphones. The phone was beautiful! I am seriously obsessed with it! The camera was my favourite part. It takes really high quality pictures! The only problem I had was with FedEx. They accidentally sent my phone to the wrong address. I contacted the seller and they really worked so hard to get me my phone back. Within a few days I had my phone :) Definitely recommend this phone! & I will be sure to buy from this seller again.
Samsung quality
Excelente! !!!
Was perfect!
the phone is awesome! samsung did a great job with this galaxy! i love it!
Excelente..👌
Excelent product.
Good phone
The gold is the prettiest colour yet! Works great, no complaints fits nicely in your hands also.
Great product performing as expected!
Good
I love it. I switched from iphone to samsung s6 edge and it has made my life easier and everything is less time consuming. Edge makes 5 apps instantly available and also makes me choose different colors for differeng people. It looks amazing and camera is also great.
Shipped quickly.. love the phone
Excellent product, the phone unlocked and New , works great in Movistar Venezuela raises 4G LTE
Very excelent recomended
The camera on the one i got only has two mode options Auto and panorama.....can someone help me with this issue
The phone arrived on time and works perfectly
This is an amazing phone! The screen is something purely beautiful. My father totally loves it and let his Iphone go.
All Good so far.
I absolutely love this phone!!! Camera is awesome!! Features are awesome.. just love it!!! Wish i had waited for the 7 edge.. 😂😂😂
It's very Nice
good
Great phone.
Excellent customer service. Excellent Product.
Great phone. Would deff recommend to others.
great
I liked it
This version it's an international version and it's working also in EU country.
Got it on time brand new works great!
Excelentes productos
Excellent product!
OK OK
Fast delivery. Great unlocked phone. Very satisfied with the purchase.
Good
I like it so much!
Thanks
Perfect
Thanks a mil. Bought it for my lady at Christmas and she hasnt put it down since
Very good phone. Good specs. Has built-in wireless charging capability (very nice feature). Edge screen doesn't seem to be that much of a game changer but there is still some things that can be done using it. The primary one being the ability to view the date / time and any notifications even when you are vertically aligned with the phone.Have not experienced any lag while using the phone, although the battery life could be better. Seems like with regular use, I end up charging the phone at least once a day.
Love it!
I love my new phone.. This is best decision I have made regarding getting the unlock phone.
Amazing product and fast shipping! Loving the phone! Well done!
nice
Receive in good order yet to have to use it
Excellent final destination in Venezuela and works perfectly......
Is perfecto
nice cellphone .working in peru .
i love it! i have it conncect with T-mobile now... the only odd thing is i cant use the samsung pay thing and dont know how to activated.. somehow it says my device is not compatible..
One of the most beautifully designed cellphones. Its camera is amazing and the size is perfect for your gands. 100% recommended.
Awsome
4 stars because it say unlocked international version and on the box it says American sim only but the phone is great I like everything about just that the battery drains fast.
just great phone, every apple user should try this ;)
Great can't complain
Phone is awesome and shipping was extremely fast!!! Would definitely recommend to anyone.
very good product nice price
I love it!
Its simpily a great device
Best smartphone by Samsung so far .
Gave it to a friend. Don't know how well it worked.
Exactly as I expected
the best
Perfect product, arrived at time and it's really awesome this phone
Good service and product.
Nice
Works perfectly.. As expected and arrived on time
Very good
GOOD
I like this cell-phone
Amazing phone, works great with Samsung VR Gear, loving the whole VR Movement, It's absolutely Worth spending the extra cash to get the Edge over the 6s.Awesome screen resolution
Nice
Very good as I expected. It came with british style batery charger but I stil have the old one.
Very nice! I am really enjoying this phone.
Good cellphone
Great phone thank you
It' great!!!! I love it
This is a beautiful phone. Smooth, Shiny and thinner than I expected. The build quality and materials are excellent, real metal and glass, no more plastic. I am upgrading from a Samsung Galaxy S4 Active as my personal phone. The S6 Edge is sleek by comparison. I also have a Note 4 Edge from work and love the wrap around screen. The S6 fits my hand much easier than the Note 4, but either is great. I went with the unlocked phone primarily because I am tired of the constant contract renewals and pressure to "rent" their phone. Their sales pitch is all about low monthly payments. However they fail to point out that those payments go on seemingly forever and you don't really own the phone until you pay more than current retail value over the next 24-36 months. Second reason is the color - I know that's a bit shallow, but I want it to stand out from the rest of the phones out there. Last reason is occasionally I travel abroad for work. Finally nice to be able to use my own phone and not a throwaway.The only surprise was that the S6 Edge uses the NANO SIM size where my S4 was bigger. Couple of options to remedy this - Get an eXacto knife and cut it down freehand, Take it to your carrier and have them swap it out for a smaller size, or order a cutter on Amazon for under $10. I took option 3, knowing that if I broke it, I can always go to my carrier and get another SIM.
Very satisfied
i am very happy
seriously love it.the best thing about this cellphone is that you can open 2 apps at the same time, for example you tube and whatsapp (without music interruptions), but i'm guessing you already know all the features of the s6 edge.The product came in perfect condition and delivered on time, flawlessly for now. buy also a case...
Easier to put on than expected. Air bubbles with installation were easily rubbed out for a clear screen view.
good
Love all of the extra perks that come with the Galaxy. News ticker is cool!
Excelente teléfono
New phone as posted!
perfect, great product
Gracias
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00U8KSNB0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_22
Thrilled with speed of delivery and that the contents was exactly as expected! Thank you so much!
My problem is the battery..it gets easily dead.
I wasn't expecting a PAL charger with a separate adapter; otherwise it was a great purchase.
I like some much
Seller: 5 StarsProduct Quality: 4 StarsI have a love-hate relationship with my S6 Edge...I love the way the edges look! it looks so majestic and unique. But I hate the fact all accessories are limited, like there are not solid protective cases and the screen protectors are not good. So next time I'll definitely choose a regular screen Galaxy.
Great brand new sealed in the box and fast delivery ....and it works so fine to me 😊 I'm happy with the phone ....thanks seller (Samsung s6 edge
Perfecto
Very good device, gripping it can be tricky though as the edges are so thin and the phone itself so slippery smooth.Rear Camera is excellent, phone performance is speedy, front facing camera is good but seems to remove blemishes through some kind of inbuit filter, video recording is quite satisfactory.Definitely get a screen protector and case. The bezel can be damaged easily and somehow... in the first 2 weeks of having it the edge screen on the left got some hairline scratches. Thankfully you can't see it with the screen protector applied.Biggest flaws with the phone are no SD Card slot and no water resistence.
nice
There isn't much I can say about the item, but I'm very glad I bought it from you.
very good
A1
Arrived in record time and has worked great. Very happy
perfect
Exceeded my expectations. It's an amazing phone! All in order
wouuuuuu!! the best
Is good cellphone the best .
I had s4,s5 and now this one and I can't complain
I bought it for my daughter and she was delighted.
love it!!
First of all i would like to ask whether this phone is original version or not ... And second thing is what is the deference between 07 and 08This is what i found on the bocket*353621/07/730255/08*And Thank You
Excellent! I recommend it
great design, 4 months so far and still never had any problem
Wife was so happy with this phone, and for a great price.
I love it.. it comes with everything but the thing is that on the back it says American sim only and its says unlocked phone. why does it say that?? I want to use it in Pakistan and next month I'm going to pak.. plz help!!
All excellent !!! very good product arrived on time and waited !! thank you...
I just got my phone today. I'm loving it so far
I love this phone, it is very fast and has a nice design.The only problems I found is that it comes with a lot of samsung apps that nobody uses, and when you are on a video call it gets really hot, but other than that there's no problem.
Good product and Nice seller.Delivered on time.Tks, LHP
Awesome phone love it
Excellent seller 100% satisfaction
execelente
It's Perfect!
very goodthank you
Good one ! I bought it for someone she loves it
Good
Love it!
very good
Product: Really impressed with this product so far. Would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone. Definitely gives IPhone a lot of competition.Shipping: Package was delivered on time and in mint condition.
EXCELENTE
I had the Iphone 5 and desperately needed an upgrade. I grew tired of being an apple customer after 2 years. So I switched back to android. I love the Galaxy 6 Edge it's wonderful and the camera is awesome. The package came with everything you see in the pictures and it even came in a day early! I'm so pleased with this phone. Not too big and easy to handle and its so sleek. I love the notification features of the Egde.
Excellent!!
Best phone eva omg bae
Nice item i used since i bougth it and work perfect.
Nice
Simply the best phone I've had to date!
I really love my phone everything works great.
like it said
great
Very good
It was exactly what I expected...
great buy
Excelente
Good
I'm satisfied with my item
Love my phone ... hubby bought it for me ... thank u baby u r the best!.... need a case though its pretty slippery
Excellent! Brand-new! On time delivery. Loving the phone without complaints.
Happy with the product and seller
this phone is amazing, phone came in good consition expectations are high will purchase again from retailer
excelent
Thanks
At time
This unit is great....very lovely and sleek. The only drawback is the security popup which seems to be a software glitch.....hope Samsung is working on it. ...
Phone is perfect! Well packed, great job!!
Worth every single Dollar what a great cell phone
Amazing phone, amazing features. Good phone to own.
The device came perfect, it was brand new, and it accepted my SIM chip from were I am from, I would buy again from this seller, definitely
This product was given to someone else - but I believe it is well liked!
Great phone
Good
great
I liked it
This version it's an international version and it's working also in EU country.
Got it on time brand new works great!
Excelentes productos
Excellent product!
OK OK
It's my best cellphone ever had.
Hi I bought this cellphone today but it says send an email to technomaster if u need a plugger. I cant use This plugger and I also don't know the mail. Can u send me the email address?
Hello, ı ordered two samsung galaxy s6 edge and ı got both. But ı am excited of one of them . Although it is international factory unlocked, there is no available charge ın box for using ın Turkey and it is written on the box that American Sım Card Only, so ı wonder can ı use it or not ın europe ? I am waiting for your answer in soon because ı will come back to my country in few days. Thank you.
just perfect...
Perfect... Its a amazing phone!
good product.
Excellent experience.
Thrilled with speed of delivery and that the contents was exactly as expected! Thank you so much!
Love it! It is the best mobilephone I have ever had.
Love it
Bought this for bf Christmas..he loves it. Amazing features
I love this phone, the color is a little dark so in some lighting it is hard to tell it is even green. I had a US only phone prior but noticed this was much cheaper. I have not noticed any difference in the way it acts.
Excelent product!
My daughter is loving her phone especially since it has the fingerprint option to unlock it. As with any Samsung- Great buy. Camera is clean and perfect.
Excellent cellphone
muy bueno
Nice
love it no complain
I wasn't expecting a PAL charger with a separate adapter; otherwise it was a great purchase.
I like some much
Seller: 5 StarsProduct Quality: 4 StarsI have a love-hate relationship with my S6 Edge...I love the way the edges look! it looks so majestic and unique. But I hate the fact all accessories are limited, like there are not solid protective cases and the screen protectors are not good. So next time I'll definitely choose a regular screen Galaxy.
Great brand new sealed in the box and fast delivery ....and it works so fine to me 😊 I'm happy with the phone ....thanks seller (Samsung s6 edge
Best smartphone by Samsung so far .
Works perfectly.. As expected and arrived on time
Very good
GOOD
I like this cell-phone
Amazing phone, works great with Samsung VR Gear, loving the whole VR Movement, It's absolutely Worth spending the extra cash to get the Edge over the 6s.Awesome screen resolution
Nice
Very nice! I am really enjoying this phone.
Top
I received the product before the limit day, it's good and work perfect
The phone was brand new and unlocked as described. Totally satisfied with this purchase.
Very good phone for the price.
Beautiful Cellphone
Have had mine for three months now and it has worked great, fast, and has not cracked or exploded. After it being fully charged, battery life lasts up to 12 hours. Fast charger charges phone within 40 min. Both cameras also work great.
Good
Great phone! Purchased it to connect it with straight talk...once i configured the APN/data settings...internet and phone works great! I purchased it as a used phone and it looks as a new product...thank you...
One of the best smartphone on the market.
Just as expected, best phone
This is the best mobile I've ever have ! Intuitive, amazing, very elegant...I' m in love !
The phone is excellent. this model G928G works great in Argentina. Actually this model is the one that works better,with any carrier in argentina for 2G - 3G and 4G.I'm really happy with this phone!.There's other models that do work in Argentina but not so good for 4G in all the country. But still works ok.For this one iI give 5 stars!. It works awesome, it looks great.
My purchase came very fast, excellent conditions! The box of my galaxy came completely close, everything new, I hope only when I try in my country works the unlock version.
The phone was delivered as schedule and it was in perfect condition. Kudos to the Seller.As for the phone, it looks like a goddess. Its absolutely beautiful.The camera is amazing and the new TouchWiz to my surprise was pretty snappy except for the very rare bugs.Overall a great phone!
Excellent
That's all that is need to be said. 5 stars plus five more stars for AMAZON on delivery. Love the product.
this phone is awesome! im in love with it! it does evrything it says and more. the packaging and delivery was great & and timely. very satisfied.
Si argentina
Great Phone. Only downside is Samsung Pay does not work for US users.
excelent product and seller!!
Love the deal
Excelente
This is a great phone Android really step their game up with this one. There is so many new features with this operating system you won't go wrong. The reason i gave the phone three stars out of five, is because the 4G LITE signal is not as strong using it on the Metro PCS network. However when you switch it to 3G only it works just as fine. I would recommend this phone if you are a Android fan or you are switching from Iphone since they have most of the same features.
I like it. Exactly the way I saw it online. Thank you very much.
Good
Iam happy witch my galaxy s6 edge plus , Thanks for your good service.
Iam happy witch my galaxy s6 edge plus , Thanks for your good service.
Nothing but good things to say. Well designed product. Great customer service.
Very satisfied.
The phone works great but the screen came scratched.I'm using it with MintSim on the T-mobile network and once I got it all set up it's been smooth sailing.
hasn't blown up yet
great phone, great price through warehouse for tiny scratch on back of phone
It's an excellent smartphone.I haven't had any problem with it so far.
My wife's galaxy s3 started malfunctioning two days before I gave it to her for her birthday. She loves it, wife happy I'm happy.
Great phone for the price, I got it on Cyber Monday deal. the camera and display are outstanding. Also, the touch interface seems smoother and faster (couldn't exactly get the right word) than other phones. The only issue is the battery life. They have fixed that in S7 I guess.
Great phone
I love the phone. It's got pretty good battery life, requiring me to charge once every two days with average use. The screen is beautiful and clear, and the camera takes great pictures out of the box. My only complaint is the price, which puts this at the premium end. I would have never paid the retail price, and only finding this phone as a Cyber Monday deal managed to drop it into reasonable territory.
Love my Samsung Galaxy S6. It is light and very fast.
The best phone I have ever had. It makes me hate my Iphone.
Good
very good cell phone
Love love love this phone. It's easy to you. Just wondering about the battery tho: this is my second day with the device and the battery doesn't seem to be lasting a day. Is something wrong with it?
great phone, just activated and works great. 4gLTE speed super
I loved my phone and it works perfectly here in Angola
Has worked very well, very pleased but manual is lacking.
Great phone!
Best phone I've ever had. Camera is great.
I was surprised as to how much better the display is from my retired S3. Fantastic phone.
Amazing phone. Worker great with Straight Talk ATT
My friend appreciates the product
Perfect!! fast shipping
Beautiful phone but will not work with my carrier(straight talk) due to a lack of service in my area. I needed to purchase a Verizon phone to work with Straight Talk.
Fast.
Great phone
Phone was clean no defects and so far works as expected
Battery dies quick. Everything else is what you expect from the Galaxy S6. The phone I received looks new. It was a pleasant surprise when I open the box and saw that it had no scratches or no scuff marks. It came with all the accessories and they look new as well. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the battery problem.
magnificent ....
Yes it works in the Bahamas
This is a great phone with an awesome camera.
the good:- super fast- super secure.. unlike iphone where it shows messages even when locked, and Siri can make calls even when locked- great price- super responsive, better than Nexus- perfect size for grip and viewingthe bad:- perfect size for me, but it's a bit bigger for my wife
This phone is great. I used to have the S4 and this one is way faster. My favorite new feature is the fingerprint login.
Been using it since December, works fine.
It is great
Bought as a replacement for my daughter to use on T-Mobile. Just had to put in the simm card and it rocks!
I love my new cell.
Works perfectly fine on my network and I am absolutely happy with it.
Husband loves
Everything works as promised. Fast delivery. All parts included. I ALWAYS check the "Used" section on the page before buying. Usually I find one with damaged packaging and no other problems. Paid HALF what ATT wanted to charge me. SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!!!!
This is surely the best galaxy designed by Samsung so far. The glass screen is amazingly clear, the camera quality is excellent for both front and rear camera.
I switched carriers to MetroPCS and was looking for an unlocked phone to use. I found this one and I'm glad I chose it. I've had it for almost a month and it has worked perfect and there were absolutely no problems getting it activated with the carrier. The battery doesn't really hold a charge for a full 24 hours, but after reading reviews I expected that. What I didn't expect was how fast it charges with the included "fast charging" charger. It charges in no time at all. Usually only take around and hour or an hour an a half to go from 10% battery to fully charged. And I only charge it once a day. No a biggie in my opinion. I'm really loving this phone so far.
An excellent phone that we were able to buy at a very attractive price. Unlocked is definitely the way to go.
Amazing deal on ciber monday.. I wanted to buy white but this was in the offer. Surprised by the sort of dark blue color that make it more beautiful on hand.It was a gift and my wife is really happy coming from and iPhone 4s that gave her a very good result if not for the lack of space (16gb). This one is just double, but I hope I have not to regret because of the lack of sd card.
Love it
Bought for a special price on cyber monday. works well so far. slim and handy. Awesome screen and camera.
Pros:- Unbelievably good camera (both front and back cam).- Supreme screen quality.- Phone is super fast.- Fingerprint scanner is awesome.- Some great shortcuts and extra useful features.- Damage resistant gorilla glass(haven't tested though).Cons:- Battery life is bad. But they made it up with great charger, charges upto 40% in 30 min using the samsung fast charger. When you charge, the phone gets heated.- Sometimes when you turn off location services and turn it back on to use google maps or mapquest app, they don't work. You will need to restart the phone.- Size is larger than what I expected. I was using Iphone 4 until now, so it took me a few days to get used to this size. Not good if you have small hands.- No expandable memory.- Black color looks ok, but I felt I should have gone for a different color.
Marvel at the S6. The ultimate host for my emulator. Brings back memories of pokemon. 10/10, would emulate again.
This phone is awesome, there are so many neat features!
Like the phone (US version).Had problems installing Samsung Pay initially but after uninstalling and then instead of updating with the Google Play Update, Opened it. The app asked to update and after the app got updated was able to add my cards.
I love this phone. It's very user friendly, Samsung once again did a great job. And it worked with an international network.
Good phone! Fast service!
My son loves it
Great product
Amazing phone. Love it.
Everything and more love the features the look everything
No doubt, the best android phone available in the market today. An amazing camera and Samsung Pay is so useful; it works everywhere.The battery life is aweful though, however it charges really fast... I mean really really fast.
Very good phone, upgraded from IPhone for my wife and she loves it! Got it on cyber Monday at a VERY good price. HAPPY
Loving my new phone and IS At&t compatible.
Definitely worth buying. The camera quality is extremely satisfying. Also the fingerprint scanner is really useful and speeds up the unlocking process.
The S6 has a very sleek design and actually has quite a few cool features. The glass body gives it a premium feel. It is lighter than the s5, but still feels substantial. While we are comparing to the s5, I have to say that the number one edge that the s5 has over the s6 is that the s5 has a removable battery and an SD slot. Unfortunately, the s6 does not. However, you have more nonexpandable space options with this phone. Another edge for the s5 is that the s6 is not water or sand resistant. The screen resolution for the s6 is spot on, the battery life is quite average, the sound quality is pretty good, and the camera is decent (it performs best in low light situations.) over all, I would recommend this phone. It is no S7, but it is still a bit of an upgrade from the s5.
Bought this phone as a gift to my daughter. She loves it. Camera quality is incredible! Phone sound quality is great.
Nice quality phones almost new
great buy I would recommend this seller to anyone
a fabulous product. entirely satisfied with product and vendor.
I needed to replace my old iPhone. I was so impressed by the pictures and video from the Galaxy phones that I switched. I found the transition easy. The phone itself works better than either of my iphones ever did. I love the video and camera for it's ease of use and quality pictures. I was very careful to get my Galaxy shipped directly from Amazon to make sure I didn't have any issues. Verizon will not accommodate the unlocked phone. AT&T gladly helped me set it up. I have traveled a bit since I got this phone and I have not had any issues with service in remote areas. I love the savings I got from buying my phone outright over the payment plans you get with the wireless companies.
The galaxy S6 has met all my expectations.
I was afraid this phone might not work for me in The Bahamas but it worked fine putting my SIM card in. Setup was easy and I'm happy with my purchase.
I wish people would not slam a product and skew the ratings without doing their homework before buying. Since it appears that isn't going to happen, I have done the homework for you, and I will give you the exact references to verify for yourself. This will be a long review, and I hope it will encourage those who take the time to understand what they are buying to go ahead with this phone, because if used properly, it is amazing. I am far from a "techie", so I'm writing this in layman's terms everyone should be able to understand.First and foremost, THIS EXACT MODEL (SM-G920TZKAXAR) IS THE ONLY FACTORY CERTIFIED UNLOCKED GALAXY S6 WITH U.S. WARRANTY THAT SAMSUNG OFFERS! Don't believe it? Check Samsung's own website. In fact, this is the only factory certified unlocked Galaxy that Samsung offers at all in the US market, and only in the 32GB version, NO OTHER COLOR, NO OTHER SIZE MEMORY, NO OTHER ANYTHING. If you purchased ANY other model it is NOT Samsung certified unlocked, you will probably not be able to register it or have the warranty, no matter what the seller may claim! Amazon may "fulfill" other models, but they are being sold by a third party.Now, for the model #s, what they mean, and who they work with. Don't trust the descriptions provided by the 3rd party sellers. If it says "sold by _____ and fulfilled by Amazon" it's a 3rd party seller. Only if it says "Ships from and sold by Amazon" is it really sold by Amazon:This model I am reviewing will work on any carrier who utilizes GSM technology and towers. This means T-mobile, AT&T, and any other independent carrier piggybacking off these GSM towers. It will work with Straight Talk wireless, but you MUST purchase the GSM SIM card kit, NOT the CDMA version. If you purchase the right SIM card from Straight Talk, it will work fine, as they piggyback off all towers and the towers your phone will use just depends on which type phone and technology you have. This model will NOT work with Verizon or Sprint, they utilize CDMA technology and towers. I don't know why people are slamming this phone for this as it clearly states this in the description. Buyers need to check with the carrier they want to use (if not using one of the big 4) and find out which towers they will be utilizing before making a phone purchase. To do otherwise is irresponsible on the part of the buyer, and not the phone or the carrier's fault. Stop blaming them!The locked version of this model is optimized for use with T-mobile (hence the T after the SM-G920 in the model number). If you purchase a model that starts with SM-G920A, that phone is optimized for use with AT&T and is NOT a factory certified unlocked phone and will not have the US warranty. It will be sold by a 3rd party. If your phone model has a "V" after the 920 in the model, it is CDMA and optimized for use on Verizon. It will not have the US factory warranty and will be sold by a 3rd party. If your model has a "P" after the 920 it is CDMA and optimized for use on Sprint, no warranty, sold by 3rd party. US Cellular optimized phones will have an "R", no warranty, sold by 3rd party. With an "I" means international, never meant for US market, no warranty, sold by 3rd party. Get the idea??? Don't believe it? CHECK SAMSUNG'S WEBSITE!I for one did my homework, made sure I got a true certified factory unlocked phone with US warranty (sold by and fulfilled by Amazon), and knew which carrier I wanted to use. I personally wanted T-mobile as they have numerous no contract plans to choose from, excellent customer service and brick and mortar stores you can walk right into for help, so this was a perfect match. I purchased this phone along with the wireless charger, and bought the correct T-mobile SIM card. It all arrived in perfect condition, sealed package, clearly brand new and never opened.Rather than attempt to activate this phone myself or do it over the phone with a rep., I simply took everything right to my local T-mobile store and asked them to do it for me. The phone I was using was nearly 4 years old, an antiquated model and I wanted to port my old number, all my contacts, photos, etc., from my old phone to the new one. The SIM card from the old phone was also not compatible with this new one. They were completely different sizes. I was out the door in literally less than 10 minutes with a perfectly functioning phone and every single file, photo and bit of data I wanted to keep right there on the new phone (they transferred everything through cyberspace). They were only too happy to accomodate me, because after all, I will be on their network and paying for their service. They told me I didn't even need to have purchased the SIM card, they would have given it to me for free because, again, their network, their service, their revenue. Once activated, I had it registered on the Samsung website and warranty activated within 5 more minutes, right from my new phone while sitting in the car in the T-mobile parking lot. They would have probably even done that for me had I asked. Will every carrier do that for you? Probably not, that's why you should check with the carrier you want to use before doing the BYOP (bring your own phone) thing.I did everything right, and I have a flawlessly performing phone that will do things I could only previously imagine. The transition was not only painless, but downright pleasant. I could not be happier. Since activating the phone I have loaded Microsoft Office, Samsung Pay, Square Register and numerous other apps, and still flawless performance. You need to understand that when you want the most advanced technology and you want to use your phone to do all the "newest" things, there may be bugs from time to time. Most of the bugs are in the apps themselves, not just Samsung's apps, but everybody's apps. Just uninstall them already! Reinstall them when they become more stable. Sometimes when a brand new app does a huge update, your version may hang up. Uninstall it and reinstall the updated (fixed the bugs) version. It really is simple as that people.Does the phone come with some useless stuff? Sure it does, don't they all? Just go in and disable them. Don't know how? It would behoove you to download the user manual, free from Samsung. You will find all kinds of great things this phone will do within those pages. I've had this phone for several weeks and I'm still finding amazing things this phone will do.So.......Pros: Blazing fast processor, fabulous camera, good battery life if you take the time to optimize your settings. Crystal clear display, loads of features, lots of available accessories. Will run numerous apps at once with no detectable slow down. Connects to wi-fi flawlessly, both at home and when out using others. Stays connected, does not drop. Syncs flawlessly with other products. Wireless charger works like a dream, even though a protective case. No problems with fingerprint reader or touch screen, etc., etc., etc. There isn't enough time to list them all.Cons: I didn't buy it sooner. I could have been enjoying it earlier. As for the phone, none that I've seen yet.Finally...no, I do not work for either Samsung or T-mobile.
Love it
I bought this for my son (14 years old) for Christmas (ex actually bought it, I just ordered it). I don't know much about it, but my son loves it. I bought an Asus - ZenWatch 2 and it seems to work really well with it. He's been happy with it.
I am satisfied.
Great phone. I love the Galaxy S series from Samsung.
The phone works great. Arrived quick and more then perfect.
Love it
These phones are great worked seamlessly with my net 10!
I bought this for my boyfriend, and he absolutely loves it. He had the grand prime before which he liked but this he loves. Really sleek and lightweight.
convinent to use
BETTER THAN IPHONE. Great screen and everything. Happy to cut the cord with that proprietary Apple Company.
I loved 😊
great camera
Bueno muy
Super happy with the phone..it works great.very satisfied..
It's great and it works great with TracFone. Because of this phone, when I buy a new tablet it will be a Samsung.
Good phone!
This is a great phone. Super fast processing. Super fast charge. Camera pics are clear and vivid.
perfect
Have only used this 2 days so far, but this is the real deal, unlocked version release from Samsung. Working like a charm, updated to Marshmellow straight out of the box and applied all security patches from Samsung. Get this!!
Bought it replace my very old Infuse phone that was having power problems. My Infuse was also bought from AT&T, so it was still running the version of Android (2.2) since carriers are horrible at providing OS updates.The model I got is the same model provided to T-Mobile customers. So if looking for technical support, or how to root for the phone, anything regarding the T-Mobile version applies to this phone.Since I have had the phone, I have drastically reduced my usage of my iPad since the phone performs well. I still prefer using the iPad for watching videos, mainly due to screen size, but the S6 handles videos quite well on its own. I no longer bring my iPad with me when I travel (one less thing to worry about). If I can get a decent wifi connection, I can use it to watch Netflix or HBO, and if there is a TV with Chromecast plugged in I can always cast to the TV.One advantage of getting an unlocked phone directly from manufacturer is it does not contain any carrier bloatware. However, it does contain Samsung's bloatware. I highly recommending rooting the phone, then use an app like Titanium to disable bloatware. I discovered that a facebook service was always running even though I never use facebook. This gave me the motivation to root the device. If you root, it will disable Knox. This may be a concern for some. I think there is way to root and still have Knox work, but I did not bother with it.I agree with others that the inability to easily remove/replace the battery is undesrable, but it is not a big enough negative for me. I purchased a portable power recharger so when I travel, I can always recharge if an outlet is not handy. I also run the phone in power saving mode most of the time. For most of things I normally do day-to-day, having full power is not needed. Disable unused services (since I rooted it) also helps in power consumption.The inability to plug in a microSD card is not a realt negative for me, but I can see it being for others. I do take photos and videos on occasion, but I just download to computer if getting low on memory. For those that may be heavy photo and video takes, get a version with more memory or consider a different device that supports SD cards. The quality of photos are quite good, but I do not get too critical over photos taken with a phone, especially when the device does not support optical zoom.
Just like description
Came to my house in perfect condition, came with earphones and a fast charger, and it was also unlocked.
I can't say enough about this phone, I've not had any problems with it and the service from straight talk as well.
Love this phone...It came brand new and I was able to get a micro card for straight talk for 99 cents and not pay a high price for some service where if I go over my minutes I am charged extra. This Samsung Galaxy I use for everything from FB, texting, camera, email, etc. it does everything and more. I truly recommend this phone for anyone who wants high tech right at there finger tips without paying a crazy carrier charge. My service is fast on internet. I can't say enough about this phone.
thaks a lot. its perfect. we love it
Best Samsung phone I bought for the money.
Now,i joined people of the world! Great.
not bad
Very satisfied with my purchase, I really like this phone
This is working as expected. Perfect and my wife loves it.
Excellent Smart Phone!!!Battery life isn't as long lasting as I would like, but the fast charging feature actually works well and eases battery life short comings.Smooth Android OS, a ton of useful features and no annoying bugs or glitches.
100%
It's okay
JUST GOT ALL THE FEATURES SET UP AND LOVE IT. BOUGHT IT FOR MY HUSBAND AFTER HE FELL IN LOVE WITH MINE. LOTS OF GREAT FEATURES. iT WAS MY FIRST SMART PHONE AND I'M GLAD I WAITED TO GET THE NEWEST ONE AVAILABLE WHICH WAS THE EDGE. BUT MY HUSBAND WAS HAPPY WITHOUT THE EDGE.
A second replacement was sent and it free of scratches & dings. Updating to 5 stars.Update :Amazon has a great customer service and shipped a replacement, however, replacement device has a dent on metal band next to charging port. What an unlucky day.Home button already has scratches in it from a few weeks of use, screen is perfect, phone is inside otter box. The gorilla glass is not suppose to scratch easily but samsung doesn't mention what's home button is made of, but it looks like it's definitely not gorilla glass or may be device is faulty. The accuracy of finger print sensor has degraded as well.In comparison, almost three years old sg4 has just like new home button.
Yes, this phone model SM-G920TZKAXAR works with AT&T. Mine was delivered 2 days ago, took it to AT&T store to have it activated and it works. Love it!
Spent hundreds of dollars going through different phones Win10, Sony, iPhone, and Galaxy note 5.Every one will eat up a battery after 3 or 4 hours of heavy use. Or they have serious software issues like the Win10 phone.I wanted the win10 phone to work but it has a way to go before it can compete with the Samsung. After three week of aggravation I was ready to take a hammer to it. So sad they didn't get it right. Would love to have a windows phone that worked.Over all this phone works best for me. Battery life is still an issue but the best out of five.
Exactly as described! Works great.
My husband was extremely pleased to have received this for Christmas. So far so good!
Good phone! Fast service!
My son loves it
Great product
Amazing phone. Love it.
Everything and more love the features the look everything
Great phone
I love the phone. It's got pretty good battery life, requiring me to charge once every two days with average use. The screen is beautiful and clear, and the camera takes great pictures out of the box. My only complaint is the price, which puts this at the premium end. I would have never paid the retail price, and only finding this phone as a Cyber Monday deal managed to drop it into reasonable territory.
Love my Samsung Galaxy S6. It is light and very fast.
The best phone I have ever had. It makes me hate my Iphone.
Good
very good cell phone
Love love love this phone. It's easy to you. Just wondering about the battery tho: this is my second day with the device and the battery doesn't seem to be lasting a day. Is something wrong with it?
great phone, just activated and works great. 4gLTE speed super
I loved my phone and it works perfectly here in Angola
Amazing deal on ciber monday.. I wanted to buy white but this was in the offer. Surprised by the sort of dark blue color that make it more beautiful on hand.It was a gift and my wife is really happy coming from and iPhone 4s that gave her a very good result if not for the lack of space (16gb). This one is just double, but I hope I have not to regret because of the lack of sd card.
Love it
Bought for a special price on cyber monday. works well so far. slim and handy. Awesome screen and camera.
Pros:- Unbelievably good camera (both front and back cam).- Supreme screen quality.- Phone is super fast.- Fingerprint scanner is awesome.- Some great shortcuts and extra useful features.- Damage resistant gorilla glass(haven't tested though).Cons:- Battery life is bad. But they made it up with great charger, charges upto 40% in 30 min using the samsung fast charger. When you charge, the phone gets heated.- Sometimes when you turn off location services and turn it back on to use google maps or mapquest app, they don't work. You will need to restart the phone.- Size is larger than what I expected. I was using Iphone 4 until now, so it took me a few days to get used to this size. Not good if you have small hands.- No expandable memory.- Black color looks ok, but I felt I should have gone for a different color.
Marvel at the S6. The ultimate host for my emulator. Brings back memories of pokemon. 10/10, would emulate again.
This phone is awesome, there are so many neat features!
Like the phone (US version).Had problems installing Samsung Pay initially but after uninstalling and then instead of updating with the Google Play Update, Opened it. The app asked to update and after the app got updated was able to add my cards.
Nothing but good things to say. Well designed product. Great customer service.
Very satisfied.
hasn't blown up yet
My wife's galaxy s3 started malfunctioning two days before I gave it to her for her birthday. She loves it, wife happy I'm happy.
Great phone for the price, I got it on Cyber Monday deal. the camera and display are outstanding. Also, the touch interface seems smoother and faster (couldn't exactly get the right word) than other phones. The only issue is the battery life. They have fixed that in S7 I guess.
No doubt, the best android phone available in the market today. An amazing camera and Samsung Pay is so useful; it works everywhere.The battery life is aweful though, however it charges really fast... I mean really really fast.
Very good phone, upgraded from IPhone for my wife and she loves it! Got it on cyber Monday at a VERY good price. HAPPY
Loving my new phone and IS At&t compatible.
Definitely worth buying. The camera quality is extremely satisfying. Also the fingerprint scanner is really useful and speeds up the unlocking process.
Has worked very well, very pleased but manual is lacking.
Great phone!
Best phone I've ever had. Camera is great.
I was surprised as to how much better the display is from my retired S3. Fantastic phone.
Amazing phone. Worker great with Straight Talk ATT
My friend appreciates the product
Everything works as promised. Fast delivery. All parts included. I ALWAYS check the "Used" section on the page before buying. Usually I find one with damaged packaging and no other problems. Paid HALF what ATT wanted to charge me. SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!!!!
This is surely the best galaxy designed by Samsung so far. The glass screen is amazingly clear, the camera quality is excellent for both front and rear camera.
I switched carriers to MetroPCS and was looking for an unlocked phone to use. I found this one and I'm glad I chose it. I've had it for almost a month and it has worked perfect and there were absolutely no problems getting it activated with the carrier. The battery doesn't really hold a charge for a full 24 hours, but after reading reviews I expected that. What I didn't expect was how fast it charges with the included "fast charging" charger. It charges in no time at all. Usually only take around and hour or an hour an a half to go from 10% battery to fully charged. And I only charge it once a day. No a biggie in my opinion. I'm really loving this phone so far.
This phone is great. I used to have the S4 and this one is way faster. My favorite new feature is the fingerprint login.
Been using it since December, works fine.
It is great
Works perfectly fine on my network and I am absolutely happy with it.
Perfect!! fast shipping
Beautiful phone but will not work with my carrier(straight talk) due to a lack of service in my area. I needed to purchase a Verizon phone to work with Straight Talk.
Fast.
Great phone
Phone was clean no defects and so far works as expected
Battery dies quick. Everything else is what you expect from the Galaxy S6. The phone I received looks new. It was a pleasant surprise when I open the box and saw that it had no scratches or no scuff marks. It came with all the accessories and they look new as well. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the battery problem.
magnificent ....
Phone arrived as described. Works just like new- it's in great condition. Had the phone a few weeks and no issues yet. Very satisfied!
Great product accurate description.
Ok
Great phone, a bit smaller screen but very legible. I have GSM version on Straight Talk with ATT, very pleased. Pro: Supports wireless (QI) charging. CON: Non-removable back and battery.
I had been searching all over Amazon to find the perfect phone!!!! I had the Galaxy Alpha for a little over 3 years and it finally just quit on me, and it could not be restored even with a new battery... Even with an upgrade a new phone would have cost me hundreds! I seriously struck GOLD finding this seller!!! I had been looking up the Galaxy S6, and I could not find very good reviews on the seller, shipping, or the phone itself. The price still may seem pretty high for others, but for the NEW Galaxy S6 it's a steal!!!!! My phone came in the mail in absolute PERFECT condition, and despite the hurricane delays it was delivered fairly quickly. This phone is seriously the best phone I have ever owned. I don't go through phones fast like many do, and I am super excited to own this phone and make it last!! Get a sturdy case, a screen protector, and you have yourself the best phone ever!!!! This phone is currently the best out there!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
So far I am very happy with this phone. I am planning to get an S7 Active once I can buy an unlocked version (they aren't available yet), but this is a nice upgrade in the meanwhile.Previously I was using an S5 Active. This S6 is faster and more efficient. Nice and thin/light, although I do use a case on it, so it takes away the nice slim and sleek appearance of the phone. 'Screen is beautiful. It takes great pictures and has plenty of camera settings .Very responsive to touch without any glitching and no need to tap multiple times for touch to register etc. Battery life has been surprisingly good, even with heavy use of internet, messaging, games, email, etc.I wasn't sure about using the thumbprint unlocking and account verification features, but it has worked flawlessly so far.The interface and layout is easy to navigate and find what you need/want. Getting to the settings to personalize things is pretty straightforward and just makes sense (the way things are categorized, etc). I was able to set mine up and have all the settings how I wanted them, in just a few minutes. I did go through and check everything out to see what differences there were from the layout on my S5 Active. There are some subtle changes, but not enough to make it difficult to figure out.I transferred everything from my old phone by using the quick connect feature, So much faster than bluetooth. It is almost instant. Made it so easy and saved so much time. Pics, videos, contacts, documents... everything, was faster and easier.Overall I am very happy with this phone. I haven't come across anything that I don't like or that is difficult, confusing, etc. If anything changes, i'll update.
Came in OEM packaging with all parts. Phone was unscratched and in excellent condition. Thank you!
I'm an average user of the phone: some calls/messages obviously, pictures, some net surfing and very simple games. It all works fine.The main reason for not rating it 5 stars is that it is loaded with At&T apps that I have no need for and actually can't use it
Great product! The phone is awesome and fast.
Nice phone....However, I am exchanging it for a different Samsung.
Excellent the equipment arrived very well, and I recommend this seller for quality and punctuality.
thank you very much. the device is very good
Idk what to see I am impressed buy and you won't be disappointed
AWESOME PHONE
Works like a charm, thanks
Works like new. All the components work as expected. No complaints. The phone itself is great.
great condition love the phone
Worth the price!
Good phone
The phone itself is awesome, I have had no problems with it so far. I also received it in a timely manner. My only complaint or concern is that I ordered the phone in black, but the one i received is blue. Other than that, it was a great purchase, I would recommend to others.
It's flawless. ..
good
It fit perfectly for my girlfriend - she was happy so I am happy!
Great graphics, easy to use, takes great pictures, has nice features.
Very happy with this purchase!
I purchased this because I broke my 5 active by accident. I am very happy with this purchase and have no complaints.
I have only had my phone for a week now, but I love it so far..It is easy to set up and you can change the font to where an older person llike me can see it better. I had a Samsung Galaxy3 before and loved it so this one is similar but with more features. I would recommend it highly.
Excelente
Phone was delivered as advertised excellent support.
great....
Has a lot of feathers & it interfaces with both my truck & the phone company I use. Win-win. But it's got so many features I'll never learn the all.
love this phone happy with the sale
It's great!!!
The phone works great so easy to use I got for a great price ,love it and would certainly recommend it .
I had two Samsung cellphones before and that's why I keep buying them. The screen size is perfect for me (my hands are a little big) and the camera is very good. The only issue I found so far (one week using it) is that the camera is slightly bumped out of the back. However, with the case I bought, which is very thin, there's no problem with that anymore. In addition, the cellphone comes with AT&T logo, and I found out only after I received it that it was AT&T unlocked. This is not very clear on the ad. It doesn't bother me though.
It meets my expectations. It works good! I love the graphics.
This phone is super
I love it!!!
Excelent
nice
got the phone to work with 4g with straight talk. im loving the phone. cheaper to buy here than from at&t or bestbuy. this is a legit phone.
Came to Canada and my s5 couldn't get connected here. I tried unlocking it with no luck so I ordered this unlocked s6 to use here, i connected the phone to a company called bell) and to also use it when I get back to the states.The box includedPin for the sim cardHeadphones which are pretty terrible, no bigA charger cable and an original Samsung chargerThe phone came in very good condition, and since it is an att phone there is att bloatware that can be disabled. The front camera quality is an upgrade from the s5. Wireless charging works amazing, the screen brightness can go brighter than the s5 (very good when your outside). The battery lasts about 5/6 hours if used constantly. The led light seems is not that bright, and has aa pretty ugly yellow tint into it. Minor details but in overall it is a terrific phone would recommend it.
Everything is perfect I found no problem with it, it's just awesome
ONE TIME CELL IS TERRIBLE AND DONT BUY FROM THEM. The sellers opened up the box and replaced the rapid charger (has a lighting bolt on it) with a regular one that was defective. Emailed them about it and they said they would send a new charger. Instead after a month nothing. Then emailed them again and they said they would send tracking numbers. 2 weeks later nothing. Then emailed them again and they said they would send within the week. Still nothing a week later. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE WITH ONE TIME CELL. They clearly opened up the box.SAMSUNG S6: amazing phone. quick and vibrant screen colors. The phone is nothing short of sexy, the new design beats iphone hands down. Back is smooth glass. Camera is good too. The fingerprint is good, but there are times it doesnt recognized my fingerprints and I have to type in my password. Less bloatware this time. U cant inactive/hide certain installed apps though, but once again less bloatware this time. highly recommend buying this phone.
Great product! It's fast and excellent!
Works fine. Not a fan of the glass on both sides it makes the phone hard to hold on to. A case is highly recommended.
Good product, excellent presentation
Love it came when it was suppose to an customer service was amazing. Thanks
I like it, because I had a smart phone before, and lots of my friend and family own one.
Like it. Excellent phone. Works perfectly.
I love the phone! It's exactly what I wanted <3
Received in top notch condition. Charger included.
This one is perfect. i bought this for my Wife and she liked very much. Good performance and Camera is really good.Samsung rocks.
Ok
Very neat doesn't even looked used.
It works fine, and i really love my new phone, but i didnt realize it was AT&T so it wont work 3G or 4G with the phone company i use.
The phone was great! Just not compatible with our carrier. Could not text images. Had to return it.
great upgrade from my s3
I would say I love it, with one exception: I still do not have the Mobile Data icon on the notification bar. I hope this will not keep me from receiving Multimedia Messages.
Excellent, bought this phone for my mom.
Great phone. Came in n great condition, sets up with metro pcs.
Phone working excellent..Great customer service with the seller
Excellent
Super
Everything was perfect!
I am able to use this phone with metro phone provider and the phone it self is really great... love it!!!
Phone arrived in great condition, highly recommended way to save money on a great phone! The battery life is not perfect but it's a used phone so I expected that, I'm planning to just get it replaced eventually, then it will be perfect!
Great phone, excellent cosmetic condition, good performance, everything as described, fast shipping
I received my phone from a terrific seller. The phone arrived before schedule. It was even better than described. It was like new in the box. I had to buy a sim card . I wanted to use straight talk. So tried using an old sim card straight talk said it was the phone I was so angry I had spent all this money, my mother was right like she always says hahaha! I thought I just threw 300.00 out the window. So I contacted the seller and they were really supportive and had prompt service within e-mailing them it wasn't even five minutes and they were getting back with me saying it was straight talk that was the issue. So I went to straight talk and sat on the phone for hours and while I sat talking to a robot, the seller was even going to give a full refund and it wasn't anything to do with the phone. So I finally got a representative from straight talk to say I needed an activation kit with one of their sim cards. I went to the store purchased it and it worked. So long story short buy a used phone from HTOWNGADGETS you won't be disappointed.
Excelent
got these as a gift for my son and dil. they are very happy with the phone. has lots of storage and is easy to use.
Sim card extraction tool missing from packaging
Great support.
Above and beyond my expectation both on product and service.
Perfect new condition, works great and had no problem setting this att model up on my straigh talk plan.
Just want I was looking for!
Love it great camera and speed. And lots of options.
looks new
excellent mobile & on time delivery
I use straight talks byop, just popped the sim card in and it works great
Very fast shipping and phone works great.
This Phone is Lite, Fast, crystal clear screen and voice. Plus easy to use. I have vision and hearing loss. This Phone is great for people like me when set up to Easy mode. Battery life is outstanding, add wireless charging, no cables to mess with, just pick it up and talk! YES! I Am Blown away to say the least! Lastly my iPhone friends have all fallen in Love with it. Added a clear case from Amazon real Wow factor. Buy this Phone!
The phone works perfectly and will work with metroPCS LTE for anyone who wants to know.
Great style, great features, good performance. Met all expectations.
Perfect
Works like a charm so far. Been using it for less than a month.
Love it!
Not Stoked about all the ATT branding, but it was evident from the listing so this phone meets all expectations at a much lower price than from my carrier (and then it would just have their branding instead).
It's nerve racking to buy a used cell phone, so when you get exactly what you expect it is a great feeling... Love my new phone
Absolutely love the phone!! It arrived on time and worked with cricket. It was more affordable as well. Would definitely recommend.
Love it
At first I was very skeptical about purchasing electronics online. But after reading all the reviews and researching more about the seller, I felt comfortable enough to try it. I was surprised at how fast I received my new phone. It was a surprise gift so the early arrival gave me plenty of time to assess the condition of the phone. It was brand new, everything was in prestine packaging, looked great, works great and I must say I am very satisfied! I will definitely be recommending this seller to more of my friends. Keep up the good work!
perfect condition
Very nice phone, I am in Hong Kong and I can use it perfectly with a sim card from here.
Excelent product.
I really like the phone itself. However, I chose to switch to a GSM phone this time and I am having a harder time keeping a signal than when I had a CDMA. I want to change back to a CDMA and am hoping I can get this cleared up. However, the Galaxy s6 is a great phone. I have had a lot of fun playing with it. :-)
Great item for a great price.
it was unlocked indeed !
Bought phone from Mobile deals through Amazon. It was new as stated, and came in sealed factory Samsung packaging. I have att already and this phone was the att model so everything is working great. Thanks to mobile deals and Amazon for a great product!
Very good dependable smart phone, great to have.
i bought it as a gift for my wife and so far it works with a T-mobile line, expecting to use it in Venezuela. the phone is great with a big screen which make it easy to navigate and ro write messages.
Well its been what a week now since I get my phone its in great condition no scratches perfect. I recommended this buy I got my fone with in like a week or less thank you very much 🤗🤗🤗
The phone was great! Just not compatible with our carrier. Could not text images. Had to return it.
great upgrade from my s3
I would say I love it, with one exception: I still do not have the Mobile Data icon on the notification bar. I hope this will not keep me from receiving Multimedia Messages.
Great product accurate description.
Ok
Great phone, a bit smaller screen but very legible. I have GSM version on Straight Talk with ATT, very pleased. Pro: Supports wireless (QI) charging. CON: Non-removable back and battery.
I had been searching all over Amazon to find the perfect phone!!!! I had the Galaxy Alpha for a little over 3 years and it finally just quit on me, and it could not be restored even with a new battery... Even with an upgrade a new phone would have cost me hundreds! I seriously struck GOLD finding this seller!!! I had been looking up the Galaxy S6, and I could not find very good reviews on the seller, shipping, or the phone itself. The price still may seem pretty high for others, but for the NEW Galaxy S6 it's a steal!!!!! My phone came in the mail in absolute PERFECT condition, and despite the hurricane delays it was delivered fairly quickly. This phone is seriously the best phone I have ever owned. I don't go through phones fast like many do, and I am super excited to own this phone and make it last!! Get a sturdy case, a screen protector, and you have yourself the best phone ever!!!! This phone is currently the best out there!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
So far I am very happy with this phone. I am planning to get an S7 Active once I can buy an unlocked version (they aren't available yet), but this is a nice upgrade in the meanwhile.Previously I was using an S5 Active. This S6 is faster and more efficient. Nice and thin/light, although I do use a case on it, so it takes away the nice slim and sleek appearance of the phone. 'Screen is beautiful. It takes great pictures and has plenty of camera settings .Very responsive to touch without any glitching and no need to tap multiple times for touch to register etc. Battery life has been surprisingly good, even with heavy use of internet, messaging, games, email, etc.I wasn't sure about using the thumbprint unlocking and account verification features, but it has worked flawlessly so far.The interface and layout is easy to navigate and find what you need/want. Getting to the settings to personalize things is pretty straightforward and just makes sense (the way things are categorized, etc). I was able to set mine up and have all the settings how I wanted them, in just a few minutes. I did go through and check everything out to see what differences there were from the layout on my S5 Active. There are some subtle changes, but not enough to make it difficult to figure out.I transferred everything from my old phone by using the quick connect feature, So much faster than bluetooth. It is almost instant. Made it so easy and saved so much time. Pics, videos, contacts, documents... everything, was faster and easier.Overall I am very happy with this phone. I haven't come across anything that I don't like or that is difficult, confusing, etc. If anything changes, i'll update.
Came in OEM packaging with all parts. Phone was unscratched and in excellent condition. Thank you!
I'm an average user of the phone: some calls/messages obviously, pictures, some net surfing and very simple games. It all works fine.The main reason for not rating it 5 stars is that it is loaded with At&T apps that I have no need for and actually can't use it
Great product! The phone is awesome and fast.
Nice phone....However, I am exchanging it for a different Samsung.
Great product accurate description.
Ok
Great phone, a bit smaller screen but very legible. I have GSM version on Straight Talk with ATT, very pleased. Pro: Supports wireless (QI) charging. CON: Non-removable back and battery.
I had been searching all over Amazon to find the perfect phone!!!! I had the Galaxy Alpha for a little over 3 years and it finally just quit on me, and it could not be restored even with a new battery... Even with an upgrade a new phone would have cost me hundreds! I seriously struck GOLD finding this seller!!! I had been looking up the Galaxy S6, and I could not find very good reviews on the seller, shipping, or the phone itself. The price still may seem pretty high for others, but for the NEW Galaxy S6 it's a steal!!!!! My phone came in the mail in absolute PERFECT condition, and despite the hurricane delays it was delivered fairly quickly. This phone is seriously the best phone I have ever owned. I don't go through phones fast like many do, and I am super excited to own this phone and make it last!! Get a sturdy case, a screen protector, and you have yourself the best phone ever!!!! This phone is currently the best out there!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
So far I am very happy with this phone. I am planning to get an S7 Active once I can buy an unlocked version (they aren't available yet), but this is a nice upgrade in the meanwhile.Previously I was using an S5 Active. This S6 is faster and more efficient. Nice and thin/light, although I do use a case on it, so it takes away the nice slim and sleek appearance of the phone. 'Screen is beautiful. It takes great pictures and has plenty of camera settings .Very responsive to touch without any glitching and no need to tap multiple times for touch to register etc. Battery life has been surprisingly good, even with heavy use of internet, messaging, games, email, etc.I wasn't sure about using the thumbprint unlocking and account verification features, but it has worked flawlessly so far.The interface and layout is easy to navigate and find what you need/want. Getting to the settings to personalize things is pretty straightforward and just makes sense (the way things are categorized, etc). I was able to set mine up and have all the settings how I wanted them, in just a few minutes. I did go through and check everything out to see what differences there were from the layout on my S5 Active. There are some subtle changes, but not enough to make it difficult to figure out.I transferred everything from my old phone by using the quick connect feature, So much faster than bluetooth. It is almost instant. Made it so easy and saved so much time. Pics, videos, contacts, documents... everything, was faster and easier.Overall I am very happy with this phone. I haven't come across anything that I don't like or that is difficult, confusing, etc. If anything changes, i'll update.
I'm an average user of the phone: some calls/messages obviously, pictures, some net surfing and very simple games. It all works fine.The main reason for not rating it 5 stars is that it is loaded with At&T apps that I have no need for and actually can't use it
I give a ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Because the phone came in his original box with there original headphones and charger and perfectly unlocked and ready to used, I was skeptical to buy the phone since he only had one review but I said let me give him a chance and see he can proved to me that the phone was what he said. This phone was a Birthday 🎉 gift 🎁 for my son, I just love the face of my kid when he open his gift. I want to thank you and I would buy again from you 👍🏼👍🏼
I give a ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Because the phone came in his original box with there original headphones and charger and perfectly unlocked and ready to used, I was skeptical to buy the phone since he only had one review but I said let me give him a chance and see he can proved to me that the phone was what he said. This phone was a Birthday 🎉 gift 🎁 for my son, I just love the face of my kid when he open his gift. I want to thank you and I would buy again from you 👍🏼👍🏼
Excelente.
It was a Christmas gify for someone else. No complaints heard so far.
wife loves it
Excellent phone. It comes unlocked and can be used in Venezuela with movistar
the product was easy to use and worked well
I bought this phone for my husband. It was a surprise. He absolutely loves it. It was at a great prices, and the phone works perfect. I just wish it the shipping time could of been a lot faster. I was to excited to see the excitement on his face.
Nice fast phone.
everything OK. but i received the dual sim version. im not complaining about it
6 stars!!!!!
Excellent phone. Well done Amazon.
Great phone!
Excellent. .
Works great, with AT&T, no issues with LTE, but if does display it as 4G. Not sure about the region either because there new 5.1.1 update has not hit it yet even though it's been out for a few weeks.
My husband love it
great
Best Phone e ver !
Battery could last more.
Wish I would have waited a little longer to buy, since the price dropped a lot the past few weeks, but the phone itself is amazing. Camera takes remarkable videos, and equally good pictures as my Nikon D3100. I can't make the phone lag no matter how hard I try, it's so fast! Fits great in my hand, but is a bit slippery at times even with a protective case. Screen is amazing. Worth the upgrade from the Nexus 5.
Arrived on time. The phone itself is simply spectacular.I have to admit I was a little skeptical, didnt think it would really be unlocked. But everything came out great. Original packaging!
love this phone from s3 mini to this perfect advanced
it looks great up to now
👍🏼👍🏼
I bought the international version. Has less branded bloatware, but the plug included in the box was I think European. The seller included a USA plug adapter outside the box. Very pleased so far.
Love this device! It even came before I expected it too!
Reviews of this phone everywhere on the internet says it all. #1 phone of 2015. There could be a little, just a little more color variety :) Besides that nothing else to say.
Great phone but takes some time to setup. Has a great screen and takes very good photos.
Ver y goog
Great phone but battery life socks, big time
I love this phone!
Good.
Loved this cellphone, lightning fast and really beautiful design.
Works with T-mobile in the US and works with swedish sim-cards.Got a European charger, and a small adapter for US/JP.The device is very good looking compared to the other phones in the Galaxy S family. The fingerprints on the back however are easy to spot. But that is probably because i chose the Black color, the other ones probably won't have that issue.The biggest downside is the non-removable battery, which means in about 2-3 years when the battery turns into s***, you'll need to send it in to samsung or whatever for a replace.Not being waterproof like its predecessor and not being able ot use an SD-card sucks too. But i can live with that.It feels good in the hand, but is a bit slippery, especially if you put it on your lap etc. but a good phonecase will solve that issue. Right now i have the Neo Hybrid case from Spigen. It keeps the metallic look of the bumper and has a textured back for grip.
Great!
Loved it. Color and feel. Didn't realise that I am getting unlocked duos for this reasonable price.
I bought it for my husband for his birthday ,and he love it.
The phone works fine but it's not possible to set it in Spanish, it only can be set in English or Asian languages.
Perfect in all senses - timely delivery, exactly what I wanted, ready to use right out of the box. Love it.
I was worried about this phone but now I am happy I'm using this phone almost 4-5 month it's really good service everything is good but it's took little long time to get full charge anyway it's great phone I'm happy excellent condition hopefully it's going like that I hope
EXCELLENT
I like it work good for me .Thank
Good
very well
Excelen very good I love this phone
fast shipping and beautiful cellphone
excelent
Gift for a lady. She loves it but her kids promptly broke the screen. Bought it to use in Mexico.
Best phone I have ever hold I'm my hand.
Excellent product!!!!!!
Best phone in the armer right now !!
Very please with the Samsung S6 Edge
I cannot give this phone high enough praise. It is a beautifully designed device, easily handles even the most demanding apps, and has more features than I will ever use. The reduced Touchwiz interface is a joy to use, and greatly improved over previous versions. I can say without a doubt this is my favorite phone I've ever owned.I do want to note that this is an international version. As such I was surprised, though I shouldn't have been, to discover upon opening that I'd received the Italian version of it. This means the manual and the wall charger are both the Italian versions, too. The seller was kind enough to include an EU to North American adapter so I can plug it in. Initial setup was a breeze, with language selection being one of the first screens upon powering it up. The utilities folder was still named instrumenti, but aside from that localization switched entirely to English without any problems. I read a different review that said they got the French version, so it seems there's no way to know what you'll get until you get it. I still think it's an excellent product and well worth carrying an adapter around with me since my carrier doesn't sell the S6 yet.Five stars!
Nice
I just love this phone!I'm not going to bore you with all the techie details, I assume you've done all your research, there are plenty of reviews online.I'm just going to tell you that the Samsung Galaxy S6 won the phone of the year award in 2015.I had a huge dilemma trying to choose between the S6 and the new S7. After reading a ton of reviews and comparisons, I chose the S6 mostly because of the "Gorilla Glass" that covers the S7. It is supposed to be unbreakable but apparently your phone screen can break just by sitting in your pocket. One very unhappy customer explained in great length how he contacted customer service about this and the response he got was "the phone is not meant to be placed in a pocket so the warranty does not cover this type of accident". In other words, your mobile phone is not portable!The other big complain about the S7 is battery usage and the phone often freezing. I just want to clarify that this is because of the new Android OS version 6.X which is still in alpha release, i.e. trial. It has nothing to do with the phone itself. My boyfriend has the S5, since it upgraded to the 6.X, things just started misbehaving. Once Google gets all the bugs fixed, your S7 will run smoothly.Anyway, the S6 is just great. In terms of specs, it comes pretty close to the S7, and it's half the price.The phone that I got is AT&T but it's completely unlocked and works with my T mobile.It is the international version, it works with a few foreign SIM cards that I have too.HOWEVER the phone WILL NOT WORK with Verizon or Sprint! These carriers use a different technology than AT&T and T mobile so this phone is not compatible with their service. If you have Verizon or Sprint, you need to get the CDMA version of the S6.Finally, you get a charger in the box but no headphones and no key to open the little SIM card drawer (I used a needle, it worked just as well)
Was great
Loved it!!! Not overly large like other smart phones. Slim, sleek and lightweight design makes it great phone to have
Great
100% recomendable
After reading many reviews, I began to get worried about the authenticity of the phone. Some said that it was fake, or that the battery life on the device was terrible, so I was prepared to return it if it were not real. I purchased this on June 29, 2016 and received it on July 1, 2016. When handed the box from the UPS deliverer, it was in great shape. I slid the Samsung Galaxy S6 box out of the one it was shipped in, and was glad to see that THE SEAL WAS NOT BROKEN, and was the correct color. I then opened the box and saw the phone with all of the original accessories included. Unfortunately it is the international version and there is no warranty provided. So I made some calls and found out that you can PURCHASE 2 YEARS of warranty off of Samsung.com. When you search for "Protection Plus" a screen will appear, providing you with the option of buying 2 YEARS OF WARRANTY for $99.00. The phone works fantastic and is lightning quick. Its battery life is great and It is totally worth the purchase. I decided to write this review to include things that I wish others would have included. Lastly, I use MetroPCS and it works great. Also, there are many unanswered comments on other post like "Who was your seller" or "Who'd you buy from". I'll gladly tell you that I purchased this device from lifeline786. He shipped quick and answered many questions that I asked through email, almost immediately. Some say that the model code on this phone is fake "SM-G920F" but it's not. This model code means that it is a global version of the phone. Hope this helps! :)
Great physical view. Any scratch. Better tan advertised.
otimo.
Great phone! Everything arrived in time and with proper seals on boxes. The phone works great and has been a very joyful experience. Buy with confidence.
Really good
Great
This phone is so good... Its camera is great. The speed obviously is good. The frame is beautiful. If it only would be more narrow it would fix perfectly in my hand
Excelent
Very good works excellent satisfied customer
I love my new samsung galaxy phone .
Great
Excellent
Love it! Fits perfectly and feels sturdy.
Love it
I saved $150 ordering this from here rather than buying at AT&T, it arrived in a factory sealed box, and I have had no issues with this. The employees as the AT&T store were very curious where I had bought this phone, and said they had not seen this color S6 available.Took about 15 minutes to get a SIM card installed & the phone set up. I love this phone!
Just received it, and so far after a couple days i love it and no problems.Lets keep fingers crossed.
Perfect! Works in Argentina
Great phone
Excellent cell phone, I had Samsung S3 but the difference is totally, very fast, the screen is very comfortable. Just wanting it to be waterproof as Samsung S5.
It doesn't have LTE with at&t
great product
I lovery my new phone. I just sorry the S7 was not out in blue
Works great in Miami with T-Mobile 4G LTE, phone was brand new, original box and accessories included, I order two of them and they work great
The S6 beats all the iPhones by a long shot (in my opinion). The display is absolutely fantabulous, better than iPhones, showing even the most microscopic details into perfection. It is the fastest device I've ever used with the stunning 3 GB of RAM (compared to newest iPhone's 1 GB). I love photography and with the 16 MP (newest iPhone has 8 MP), this is by far better than even $200 dollar cameras you find in stores. The 32 GB of memory provide all the room I could possibly want. I have had this phone for over 8 months now and still have over 14 GB left after all apps and music have been downloaded. The speakers provide great sound (better than any iPhone) and the bulge of the camera can easily be covered by a case, and I don't think it's worth buying the S7 just for the flat camera. I haven't had a single problem with anything about this phone. Last thing, the charger for this thing is absolutely beast. It is a fast charger built specifically for this phone and charges from 1% to 100% in just 1 hour. I bought the wireless charger but never use it because of this amazing charger, I wouldn't waste time and money on the wireless because it takes so much longer to charge. If you are trying to decide whether to get this or the iPhone, go with this one, you'll love it. RAM and Camera and Display are 2-3 times better than even the lastest iPhones.
Sealed pack new box...all the things perfectly fine...
IT WORKS GREAT I LOVE IT THANK YOU , AMAZON !!!
Awesome phone it matches the description 100%
Hi I got samsung s6 todayNot much explored the phone but 2 things observed1) battery is very hot after few mins of charging , Is it safe or should I return back ?2) at the back of samsung phone , samsung 6 is not printed . Is this original piece . How should I verify ?
This is the best phone on market. The camera is amazing
The phone is great but there are two things that I was concerning about:1. I ordered G920F and the seller sent me G920FD which is actually the dual sim version and I don't know if that is the better option.2. When I turned on the phone, the battery was on 38% and for less than an hour of use the battery drained.
Excellent device, very satisfied with the product
Excelent
Fast delivery, excellent overall experience.
Perfect!
Great!
A very nice upgrade from the S3 where the apps were so heavy that it was responding sluggishly.
So far I think it is an excellent phone, and a decent upgrade from S5
Excelente phone, excelente conditions
Awesome phone! Only small criticism is that the american outlet adapter that came with the phone was junk. I suggest buying an american charger along with the unit.
wonderfull celphone, and beautifull!
Excellent phone , on time !
Excellent
It's good. Not a clean scrolling a's a Windows Phone but better app ecosystem.
Thanks fantastic
This phone is thee best for my dad I like it
everithing ok
Like some other review has mentioned, this phone does not pick up signal very well. I had severe problem with it for a while, but it seems to be ok recently. There are some other things I do not like, such as the light being way too bright to me and the tone is overly yellow. But they are really just personal preference. One huge plus I have for this phone is it does charge really fast.
Very good product
Love my phone!!! Didn't have any problems when connecting to my server.
10!!!
This was definitely tge best product ever. everything was perfect. thanks seller
Excellent, works fiine in venezuela with movistar. The charger didnt come with 110v Americas adapter.
it is an amazing device. Everything works perfectly, an amazing camera. However, the battery runs out really fast. I used to recharge it twice a day. But I have realized that battery lifetime is a huge problem for all types of device nowadays, regardless of the brand. So, I am satisfied with the galaxy S6.
Samsung s6 is the best phone I have used. We have only been using samsung phones for the last 5 years. The phone is easy to use and has great functionality.
Very good
Great purchase!
Excellent
Its a really nice phone I'm happy with my new gadget, just the battery doesn't last long enough just 24 hours, thanks.
I'm so happy I bought this. Nothings wrong. Everything is just right. This is the international version of the phone, so the charger (the wall piece) isn't the same will not fit in the wall sockets in the U.S. and Canada.. and anywhere else that has weird sockets out of the U.S. But outside of the S6 box came an adapter. So I'm glad that saved me a few bucks.HOWEVER!!!!!This is the international version of the phone, so all the updates that come out in the U.S. are not applied to the phone. You will get the updates when the country the phone came from releases the update. (Usually you get it before the U.S.) and...SAMSUNG PAY WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR THIS PHONE... Which im very sad about..
Great
Top
Absolutely love the phone,the speed is incredible,the design,just everything about it fits my needs definitely recommend this phone to anyone
Be careful when you buy it.One thing bothers me is that the phone was set as middle east users, because on calendar Ramadan holidays are marked and you can't get rid of it.Other than that is is perfectly fine.
Living overseas and wanted a phone I could use here, with a fantastic camera. This purchase serves all those purposes. I bought the turquoise because it was a few dollars cheaper, figuring it would be covered by the case, which isn't quite true. The color case I bought clashes with the turquoise where it shows through along the top.
Excelente
Great product!
Nice Phone fits all my needsand is top notch
exelemte
Great Transaction, Outstanding phone, a bit pricey but the best possible at this time.
The phone looks amazing it 'seems very beautiful. Thank for your fast delivery.I want to ask you though why it is so slow on the Web and applications? I have to make something to work faster? I already upgrade it.
Very good.
It isnt Black, Its blue.
Great phone, very happy I bought it over the iphone. My old iphone was fine, but apple is just too conrolling for me.
Excellent phone. I love it.
Nice phone
IT WORKS GREAT I LOVE IT THANK YOU , AMAZON !!!
Awesome phone it matches the description 100%
Hi I got samsung s6 todayNot much explored the phone but 2 things observed1) battery is very hot after few mins of charging , Is it safe or should I return back ?2) at the back of samsung phone , samsung 6 is not printed . Is this original piece . How should I verify ?
So far so good.
Love this smart phone
Very nice smartphone, fast, full day battery, amazing pictures. Lag a bit sometimes.
excellant!
Excellent phone, it works at expected
I actually was afraid of getting it online but the phone was the real deal. Compared it to my friends s6 from tmobile and it's the same. The only difference was the dual sim. I guess that is a plus for me. Thanks.
This Product is awesome
This phone is absoulutly perfect and everything i hoped it would be for my boyfriend he cant wait to use it!!! Shipping was a little late but that wasnt there fault 😊😊😊😊😊 amazing phone id deffinitly recomend this!!
Excelente!!!
My daughter loves it!!! Didn't have the galaxy s6 logo on the back though.
This phone is one of the best phones and I will recommend it for anyone looking for a phone, which can do everything perfect.
Love it
Excellent in all sense. Great device. Great service and delivery!!
Okay so I just got my galaxy s6 delivered today and as expected everything good.The place delivered my phone right the next day I ordered. And for full specifications just search up on Google. And for people without knowledge about compatibility just contact mobile network provider and provide them with the phone information. Everything works good with the phone but probably 3g service won't work with the mobile. I'm not sure but I think it works just fine with at&t in the US. 100% no scam seller
So far I like the size. I also like the abilities of the phone. The camera is awesome.
yes after one year she still loves it, but unfortunately THE MOTHER BOARD IS DEAD AND THE PHONE IS USELESS. ALL INFORMATION STORED IS LOST.
The screen is incredible. Like really incredible. The resolution is better than my eye can see. I use a Galaxy S4 as my regular phone and it has great resolution where you can't see individual pixels. I thought the S4 screen was as good as you can get, but the S6 screen takes it to a whole new level. Even though you can't see pixels on either screen, the higher resolution of the S6 screen makes everything look so sharp that it's nearly impossible to tell you are looking at a screen. It's that incredible.The design of the phone just feels more 'expensive'. I mean that in a good way. It feels just higher quality than previous models in the Galaxy S line. The S3 and S4 for example are often critiqued for having a plastic shell. The S6 has a metal band around the outside that just makes it feel 'premium' in your hand. It should also provide more protection for the device as well.TouchWiz is HEAVILY scaled back. I hate TouchWiz (Samsung's version of Android) It adds a layer of UI that is neither helpful nor intuitive. And it's a resource hog which slows the phone down for important tasks just so it can make the scrolling smoother, and other such useless tradeoffs. On the S6 TouchWiz was barely noticeable. The UI looks more like the standard Google Android Lollipop interface. It was all just much smoother and simpler and better and wonderful. I finally ended up going with the s6 since it seems like the usability rating was much higher and I didn't want to end up being an apple fanboy.. check out that site if you want to see the different phone models in a side by side comparison.
Good.
excelente
Like it
it functions well
Geat Item, Serious seller
good
Fantastic purchase!! I am very satisfied with the seller
Highly recommended!
The best, happy with this purchase.
Perfect
PERFECT
It's amazing. It's really working great
good
I love it
Great phone! Everything arrived in time and with proper seals on boxes. The phone works great and has been a very joyful experience. Buy with confidence.
Really good
I love it! This phone arrived just as described and it works perfectly well! I love everything about it. The size is just how I like it: not too big but still big enough. The Camera is amazing! I've only had it for a month now but 'til now everything is how I expected it to be.The only thing is that the color looks slightly different than on the pictures...more gold than platinum, but it still looks very pretty!
Bought it for my brother in Brazil. He never had a problem with it. Works great, exactly like all the other Samsung Galaxies I have seen.Great option if you are buying your phone outside your country, because it's cheap compared to buying it elsewhere.
The phone is perfect, except the manual is mainly in Italian (I shipped it to the US). The most annoying part is that the charger came with an adapter to make it usable for America, yet the original charger has a European plug-end. It would be good if the manufacturers had let me know beforehand. Other than that, the phone is an outstanding machine.
I'm very happy with my new phone. Pictures are great, even in low light conditions.
bien
Perfect
I was worried about this phone but now I am happy I'm using this phone almost 4-5 month it's really good service everything is good but it's took little long time to get full charge anyway it's great phone I'm happy excellent condition hopefully it's going like that I hope
EXCELLENT
I knew the galaxy s6's to be really good phones. Now that I have one of my own, I know for sure its beyond great. I love the color, and its super fun seeing peoples reaction to it. Also very sturdy, and the gorilla glass covering it all has proven very effective in protecting it. The camera is about as good as anything you would find even in dslrs. Couldn't ever say enough about how great this phone is. But as a final note, the battery life is beyond satisfactory. I am easily getting 14 to 16 hours on a regular basis.
Im so happy with my new cellphone
I love my new phone! I didn't realize that the international version had dual sim, but that's great, I can just pop a new sim when I travel. I noticed too that the seal was broken on the phone but reading from Android forums, this was necessary to activate the phone in the country of origin (Mine was apparently from Africa) before it could work internationally. The downside to it being from an international phone is that I couldn't register it on Samsung's website. I haven't tried going to the Samsung Africa website... Having been an iPhone user, I quickly found out how much more iPhone apps there were than Android's but there were equivalents, and those that don't... well, they weren't that important to me. Most of the productivity apps do have an Android equivalent. The UI didn't bother me too much because I have an Android tablet but if you were loyal to Apple and are suddenly switching it may take a few minutes/hours to orient yourself with the capabilities of this device and of the Samsung and Android interface. Me, I love it already.
Perfect
i got in good condition as expecteed
It is awesome and portable device I like it.
Excelent
Excelent i recomend you
Great Phone works on Argentina
Thank Excellent
Very very happy with the product and service.
Sleek looking and I love the fast charging feature.
Phone is awesome(writing this review on it right now) it came 2 days before it said it was going to so thats always good. Not a scratch dent or fingerprint on it, the only thing I could complain about is the headphones, it came with earbuds that were for the s3 and s4 since then they have been updated however they work fine with this phone so its not that big of a deal. If you're looking for this phone but not all full price this is the best possible deal.
Its a great phone, i live in venezuela and it works fantastic!
so I bought this for a friend actually, and its all good so far, she loves the upgrade and the cool pics it takes.
I love my new phone. I was hesitant about rolling my accts over because I thought it would be tedious. It was not.
Great. 👍🏽
Very happy with the phone and delivery.
Great quality phone. When I purchased I was worried because several reviews cited problems with seals broken and possible inauthentic phones. The S6 I received was in perfect condition and def brand new. Purchased from seller theCoos with prime shipping, ordered in Black on the 18th got it on the 20th. So far it works as expected.
Excellent!
Phone works well. Battery life is great and I have not experienced any problems thus far. I love it!
Very good
Purchased from Wireless Place (Fulfilled by Amazon). The phone is genuine, it has a clean IMEI and untouched KNOX counter. This version comes with a UK charger and a U.S. adapter. It's been over a week, and the phone works great.
Great phone works like new.
Nice phone. Awesome camera
The phone came with everything and it works perfect considering I'm using it in the Caribbean but my only issue was getting faulty earphones
Purchased this for my wife and it came sealed, did not encounter any problems. Delivery was fast and I don't live in the US. My items are shipped to a forwarding company in the US and then they ship it to me. But over all fast. My wife loves it very much. But it's been a few days so I will maybe give an update again after a month or so. But again, quick delivery and nice phone.
Fill my need
So far so good, it works with T-Mobile and charge holds up almost all day with internet use.Color is great and camera photo quality is great.
Perfect!!! Problems with the package with grass in the box - but the phone work very well.
Awesome!
Great phone...best phone I've ever had...
The phone I received was perfect! Brand new retail packaging absolutely perfect.I unfortunately had to return it because I couldn't take it to the carrier I was planning on using it with but that was totally my fault for not researching enough. The return process was super simple and the rep that helped me was super nice over the phone! Definitely recommend this product just make sure it's compatible with the carrier u have or are planning to use this phone with.
I wish it was the type that takes 2 sim cards.
Nice cell phone and have a fast delivery
Excellent
Love it.. Glad I purchased it...
the item was perfect, as published.
THANK YOU.
it is amazing so far. Have to take a little getting use to.
Arrives in excellent condition it's working very good, thank you very munch.
love it
Its best android phone by samsung great specifications, better than iphone 6s in half of the price.I would recommend this to anyone morethan iphone6s
Excelent product. Great dealer!
Everything is intact with this phone it is awesome and works perfectly
Very nice phone.... from iphone 4s to Galaxy S6.... is really an other concept of world... nothing bad to say!
Excellent
Factory quality. Works just fine in Belize. Compatible with all the networks here.
everything OK. but i received the dual sim version. im not complaining about it
Very good
good product quality. recommended.
So far so good, time will tell if the non removable battery will give good service. I installed a sim card and ported my own number. Having fun being a bit nerdy at 70 years of age. LOL
Excellent, works fiine in venezuela with movistar. The charger didnt come with 110v Americas adapter.
it is an amazing device. Everything works perfectly, an amazing camera. However, the battery runs out really fast. I used to recharge it twice a day. But I have realized that battery lifetime is a huge problem for all types of device nowadays, regardless of the brand. So, I am satisfied with the galaxy S6.
Samsung s6 is the best phone I have used. We have only been using samsung phones for the last 5 years. The phone is easy to use and has great functionality.
i had a doubt that the phone might be refurbished but its brand new and works great.
Korean model light blue. Love it...
Update: the issue was solved. The sim card was the problem not the phone.i bought this phone to my wife, she is so happy with it. the only thing that could be a complaint is that in my country lte does not work with it.telephone carrier Claro Ecuador
good package .. Nice phone ... as per my expectations .. thanks
I am enjoying it. Still learning about the various features.
Its the perfect phone 5 stars
Stylish phone with several useful apps
all were perfect
Very nice phone, It's much better than the previus version. But I can't put an aditional memory card, I didn't like that.
Great phone
it was delivered on time, its not the US version but an international version of the phone does not have galaxy s6 @ the back but it is the real galaxy s6 which I was afraid it being a Chinese knock off so much third party sellers it hard to know who is reliable but I took the change and al is good so far
Brand new, sealed box, international version from FGS Trading...came with an international charger, but I have tons of chargers from old LG and Samsung phones so no issues there. Blue color on the phone is just amazing!! Operates just like any other Samsung product, so you have to be familiar or become familiar with Samsung products to get the most out of it...will automatically update to Android L 5.1.1. when you connect to wifi or insert your SIM card. Using the phone with the $30 H2O unlimited plan and getting 4G so it does have the correct bands for the U. S. This is the second international Samsung phone I've gotten from them, both times no issues whatsoever. They don't offer prime shipping is the only downside but I would buy from them before I'd buy from another seller that does offer prime just because I'm familiar with them.
A very nice upgrade from the S3 where the apps were so heavy that it was responding sluggishly.
So far I think it is an excellent phone, and a decent upgrade from S5
Excelente phone, excelente conditions
Nice phone.....battery not so great. Camera and camera features (such as editing) not as good as my LG G3.
New, international, works in Dominican Republic
The phone is good but the charger has a 3 pin plug which is no good to me. Normally a new phone comes with a US and European plug but this is not the case. The seller should include charger plug for country where the order was placed
I love my phone!!!
Looks good!
Excelent, the phone arrived 3 days earlier, excelent conditions. Highly recomended
Super comfortable. Lots of padding. Ayyyeee
camera is great perfect size
The product was delivered on the appointed day.
VERY HAPPY WITH THE PHONE,I SENT IT OVERSEAS AND I WAS AFRAID IT WASN'T GOING TO WORK,I HAD A BAD EXPERIENCE BEFORE.NOT THIS CELLPHONE! WORKS GREAT, AND WE ARE VERY HAPPY,THE CONS IS THAT IT DOESN'T HAVE A SPANISH KEYBOARD,OTHER THAN THAT WORKS PERFECT!PRICE IS NOT BAD,OVERSEAS IT COST WAY MORE THAN THAT
Looks like a Iphone6. But I like new Android 5.0. And the camera is very good.
The color is beautiful. It is designed for the dual cards. It is a international version.
After trying my hand on everything from symbian to ios to windows phone to android, I was not going away from android any time soon.In terms of hardware also I have tried them all and the only problem with android phones was that they were kind of ugly.Then came this phone.They have been calling it the best android phone ever and I can even dare say its the best value you can get for a phone presently.I really don't have anything remotely down the negative side from my experience of 2 weeks.some say the battery wont last long,its as good as any other phone I had and its definitely not super but 12 hours average with normal usage is enough for me (and using the power saving mode can squeeze out a couple of extra hours).Another thing that some people may find a negative is non expandable memory, well again atleast for me 32 gigs is pretty cool and you always can dump stuff on your computer and the cloud (dropbox,google drive,onedrive so on..).Paying for storage (its the cheapest component in any device) in not something anyone should be doing (unless you are a corporation).I will be surprised if any phone in the near future will be able to beat this one in terms of value.
good
Perfect
wish it had a micro sd card slot available...other than that.. It's great. My mom loves it!
Love it!
The phone came in new condition with factory sealed box with unlock tag on it. It is a European phone comes with the European charger. The battery is so amazing that last very long. It has fast charge, that works in USA also. But i don't​ know if any problem comes up in future. I think its a great phone at very cheap prize
Perfect
Good phone, all glass though!! This phone is thin and easy to use. Very slippery, I would suggest getting a case.
No unpleasant surprises. It is what they say it is.
Kick ass phone works like a charm
I had Galaxy S4 for couple years, the S6 is even better. Thank you Amazon for the great opportunity.
It's great!!!
Works as expected!
It's works great I love the color everything I recommend
I love it very much!
Excelente.
It was a Christmas gify for someone else. No complaints heard so far.
great
Really good , brand new
Evrything as describes! Great Productos and service!
Excellent!!
very good
I love this phone!
Good.
I am evaluating the Galaxy S6 920F through a narrow lens. We upgraded to Galaxy S6s from Galaxy S2s, and until now, we have purchased our phones on contract through AT&T as our carrier. We bought two phones through Amazon (Tek Deals). The phones arrived on time and in sealed boxes with a separate two prong European to US power adapter that fits on the European round pin charger. In both phones, the adapter fit too loosely over the European pins, and appeared unable to stay connected with any kind of minor jostling of the cord. Fortunately, the adapter was easy to take apart and I used a pair of pliers to squeeze the spring clip legs together, which easily fixed the problem. Of course, the adapter does make the charger stick further out. Our old S2 chargers will work, but the charging rate is lower, because they are only 1A chargers, rather than the standard 2A fast charger that comes with the S6. We took the phones to our local AT&T carrier store, and obtained SIM chips; I was pleased that the SIMs and switch over was free ( at least in our area).Coming from the Galaxy S2 to the S6 constitutes a big uptick in speed of everything, from downloading to app loading and operation. The screen is not only larger, but as expected, much sharper. We downloaded the Samsung Smart Switch mobile apps to the new and old phones to transfer as much information as possible. The app worked great. Google accounts transferred seamlessly, but some other accounts manually updating the username and passwords. Of course, all the wifi routers passwords had to be added manually.One feature missing on the phone, which apparently exists on US carrier branded phones, is the ability to alphabetically arrange apps with a one button click. At this time, apps are organized by when they were downloaded. App reorganization is a manual operation that can take quite a bit of time.I was used to seeing 4G/LTE on the notification panel on our old branded S2s, but on the 920F, only "4G" shows up. This worried me, despite researching that the necessary channels for 4G/LTE are active on the phone. From reading, and I believe, editing out misinformation on some sites, the international version only shows "4G", which is "4G/LTE".As noted by others, updates seem to just keep coming over a couple of days, but compared to an S2, the updates happen several times faster.The phone is slippery; wife already dropped hers once, and it was only one day old! Fortunately, no damage. New case will help.A concern, like for others, was battery life. It is often very difficult to compare usage from other users, who too often complain about battery life, without a hint about their usage. We live around 1/4 mile from the nearest cell tower, which is line of site, so 4G communication is quite good. Our wifi routers are generally within 50 ft of where the phones are used in our multilevel home. Wifi is used on an intermittent basis for updates or adding apps or heavy browsing sessions, to ensure staying under our carrier plan data cap. I am definitely a low level user, checking weather several times a day, reading and composing a few messages a day with or without attachments, an occasional email, and taking several camera shots a week. Syncing is set to automatic. I do not listen to music on the phone, or watch videos during the test periods. I may average a couple of calls a day. I may use a browser several times a day in either 4G/LTE mode or wifi. There were a number of updates or apps downloaded during the test measuring periods.. With power saving mode activated, I monitored my average battery usage over several charges. After 32 hrs battery reserve was down to ~65 %. Somewhere between 46 hrs to 67 hrs, battery reserve was 53%-56%. A worst case was leaving wifi on for about 10 hours, which drained the battery to 65% capacity in 23 hrs with minimal use (mianly overnight). Obviously, as a low level user, close to a cell phone tower and wifi routers, these values represent a minimal battery drain comparison baseline. I can get away with charging my wife evey second day. My wife's usage is greater, but even in her case, battery usage was similar, and she could charge every second day if she wished, but she is used to charging her phone every day anyway. For those whose life is not marginalized by their cell phone, I would say battery life should be quite acceptable and noticeably better, especially if upgrading from a smart phone that is several generations (like three years) back. Compared to our S2, my impression is that wifi mode does not drain the phone battery nearly as fast as our old S2s
Great phoneand great customer service
excellent
Pretty good phone. No complaints
Very Nice.
Contained all accessories as listed and was good as new
Worked as described and has been a very good buy.
It's perfect!!! Fantastic phone and fantastic dealer. Thanks!!
This phone came in perfect condition, in a factory sealed box... packaged exactly as you would find it in any retail store here in the U.S. It's came factory unlocked, so it's ready to be used on any compatible mobile system. The box contained the S6, a set of ear buds, a 1 meter USB to micro-usb cable, a quick charger, and a tool to pop out the SIM card holder.The phone I received was destined for the United Arab Emirate, so the included quick charger was configured for their wall outlets and not the ones here in the U.S. I did test it with one of my international outlet adapters and it charges the S6 properly. There were also a few pre-installed apps that are probably popular/useful in the UAE.Over-all, I'm happy with this purchase.
The phone itself is great! Ive always had an iPhone so really liking the bigger screen although carrying it around in my pocket is not as easy.I bought this phone to use for a school project and therefore DO NOT use it as an actual phone. The reason why I am saying this is because my phone came with a defective sim tray. I have tried to open my sim tray but it is stuck and does not open. I know sim trays sometimes needs a lot of force to open but this one is 100% stuck. Luckily for me, I didnt need access to the sim tray in the first place but for those of you looking to use it as a normal phone, keep this in mind.
love it for a year.
very good
excellent product
Good phone love it
Excellent
Arrived quickly and is working just Fine!!!!
Works fine a year later. The phone has slowed down, but that's not the seller's fault. I am happy with this purchase.
excellent
Very good phone
Love the phone but only gave it 4 stars because the battery life could be better, I have to charge it every night even when it is only used a couple of times through out the day
Excellent
Very good!!!
It's Samsung!
Galaxy S6 is the best!
everythinks ok
Perfect
Awesome and friendly usable phone.
I received the Samsung Galaxy S6 G920F Unlocked Cell Phone - International Sourced Version - White Pearl, but the power adapted is UK version, I need the US version, I would have to find an adpator to converter from UK version to US version, to charge my phone or buy a new charger.
It's a really good phone! The size is just perfect, not too big and not small. It works perfectly, better then my old Galaxy S5 mini.
Great stuff, very cool.
Great!!!
I love this phone. It has great features.
It's fantastic
Great product!
So far is the best smartphone that i have used, great video resolution, processor runs very fast, much better than the Iphone.
Hands down, best phone ever
Work Perfectly
Everithing was exellent. The Phone is great and the shipping was faster than I thought. Fantastic shopping experience.
This phone was exactly what I expected. I recommend that anyone interested in purchasing this phone to get it. You will not be disappointed.
Good phone, no issues.
Excellent nothing to complain
Excelente
This is a wonderful Phone
Upgraded from a Nexus 5 which I switched back to after using an iPhone 6. The screen on the S6 is at or above the quality of the iPhone 6, very readable in bright sunlight, very crisp. Call quality is superb (I changed from my Nexus 5 because the speakers were damaged and since I had just fixed the broken screen I decided not to fix the speakers and instead just do an upgrade). Build quality is comparable to the iPhone 6 but surprisingly as light as the Nexus 5. Simply a beautiful phone.Battery life has been great: I've gotten reached 37% @ 10pm but bear in mind I am not the heaviest user but I would say it is better than both the Nexus 5 and iPhone 6 (which I used even less of). It is early days yet but so far I am very happy.The camera is perfection so far. Let's just say I have forgotten about the iPhone 6's camera as being the measure for smartphone cameras.
Execelent
excellent delivered as described good protection
enjoying it!
Excellent
Great phone.
it is a real S6, it is International and it is unlocked.(you may want to buy protector case because the phone feels very slippery)
Works well for the Gear VR
Perfect phone. It worked with carrier without any problem
Perfect
Loved my Galaxy!
The phone is happily being used by the recipent as a gift. As far as I am concerned this is a good phone that works fine with Tracfone as long as you get the tracfone sim card from Wal Mart.
Works fantastic!
Excellent!!
GOOD THANK YOU
Very good phone. It's almost faultless. The battery works only slightly better than Galaxy S5. A little unclear how to adapt some if it's functions to my preferences. It works very well with just a few niggles I don't like. The gold colour of it is barely noticeable.
I love my s6 so much but the screens sensitivity seems to be unresponsive at times. Like certain parts of the screen don't work immediately so you have to press it multiple times. This is definitely a real Galaxy s6 phone tho for those who are skeptical of the authenticity of this product.
Pretty good phone!
Great phone. Meets my needs but I was upgrading...
Great product! I absolutely love this phone...after a very disappointing experience with sony xperia I will never change my samsung devices
Overall it's a good phone, got the color in blue and it's gorgeous. The only complain is the battery life, you definitely need to charge it on a daily basis.
Great buy
Excellent product, at great price it arrived on time and looking as it should... as new.
Wow I'm so please with my galaxy s6. It's doing what I want. Everything works well..
Great phone. Excellent Value for the money
Sometimes get stuck
Love this phone. excelent relation Price-Quality.
Works great
Everything great!
Excelente producto
Slick design, fast processing, simply great for all my business and entertainment needs.
Love the phone, it was unlock to use with any carrier. The charger is the european one so you might consider buying another for U.S. plugs. The phone came with an adapter for U.S. plugs but it was broken as it came in a bag outside the box. The phone also only works with micro SIM card.
For starters, I bought this model of phone used in "Like New Condition". Doesn't even have a scratch on it! Saved me $100 off the phone. If you do plan on buying this used like I did please read the description. I was luck enough to find one that had only been used for 1 month. Second, it came almost a whole week earlier than what the tracking said! I love the color of the phone! It's very rich and vibrant. Walmart was the only one that had this color available, but only through their website and it cost more than what Amazon had to offer. Third the G920F threw me off a little bit. After doing some research, I found out that it just means the phone came from a different country. You can do your own research on google by just typing in the serial number. Fine whatever, it works great! Even with my current carrier, Cricket Wireless. They do take "unlocked" phones into their network. Just gotta check with them first on the model of the phone. Since they sale Samsung Galaxy S6 it was a no brainier. I love the 32GB of memory. The camera works great. Bunch of new effects I'm not use to having. All my data transferred over with ease. I have no issues, problems or cons about this phone. I love it!
Very glad to have a great product at a great price. Thanks to fast delivery, will buy again next time. Thank you.
Worked right out of the Box. Because its the G920F version finding the exact model on Samsung's US site is tricky and frankly not necessary.The box arrived clean, and perfectly sealed. (if your box arrives and the Seal is damaged I recommend contacting the seller). The contents were all present and accounted for including a separately packaged US plug adapter. I now have Another 6' Micro USB cable. :)The phone had 49% charge upton powering it on, and the initial setup was simple.I used the "Smart Switch" software provided by Samsung to move all my crap from my S5 to my S6. How ever, it does not copy the OS settings. Just your data.I did have to take some scissors and trim down my SIM card to make it fit the Card Carriage that the S6 uses. But that was a minor issue.One it was setup and the data was copied over I was very happy with it. Fast, responsive, the new fingerprint reader is a lot easier to use.Now I have to setup the OS once again, but that's half the fun. :)
I love Samsung products!
excellent phone, very good price and quality. Four good
I think it's suit for me. I really like this phone.
It not the latest but it has all the needed features and it's much cheaper than the last version.
Great phone!!!
the product came in perfect condition. 100% New
Great product - thanks!
Excellent Phone, astonishing camera, and very good performance at all.
LIKE IT
Find the phone too big for what I was used to have.
I ordered the Samsung Galaxy s6 white pearl I have a dot may be my phone is not original but when I receive my phone it was original and performance is excellent
Great
Excelente!
Great phone, meet all expectations
Very Good
perfect!!
Everithing excellent.-
Almost a year later and it works perfectly fine!! Great buy!
love it to the max
Love the form factor of the S6 is my second one and is a very solid phone with a very good camera.
All in order
PERFECT
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00U8KSUIG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0Samsung Galaxy G920F-S6 32GB Factory Unlocked 5.1" - International Sourced Version - Black
works as expected
very very good
More than I expected! I am in love with the rare topaz blue color of the phone. Not many people were aware of the variation of colors that could be found online. The space on the device is very impressive as well. I am used to getting phones that have only 8 or 16 GB but I have more than half of the space remaining on my phone and I have numerous apps, pictures, and music downloaded that I use. This phone is an unlocked phone and I was able to successfully add it to my existing Straight Talk service to replace an older phone that was broken. The service on the phone is great. The picture quality is better than the older Galaxy S5 that I previously had. There is a very crisp picture and video. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in this phone and the quality of it.
Excellent"""
Best phone EVER! The camera is the best feature. The picture quality is really excellent.The only issue I have, which also happened with the older model is that the battery drains and becomes warm when I have the wifi setting on. So I use my mobile data and it has no issues.
Best phone I ever owned so far camera quality is awesome
Great
Excellent
Love it! Fits perfectly and feels sturdy.
Very good product
Everything works fine except the fact that it heats up quite fast. I dont know if its only my phone or all of them are like that. However other than that I cant say a bad word about it.
Came on time Brand new it has worked great so far. Happy customer
Came brand new and sealed. For Metro PCS the only thing I had to do was buy a SIM card from Metro's store and that was around $11. If you have an older model Galaxy I believe you can just transfer that SIM card.If this phone is an upgrade and you are an existing customer, than you will have to call Metro and have them activate your phone. If you are a new customer, than go to the Metro store and they should be able to activate your phone in person.
This phone is amazing! I didn't realize when I ordered it just how many junk apps are on phones purchased from the carrier until I got this unlocked phone. I have only the apps that I want and it has been wonderful! It is a beautiful piece of technology and I am so glad that I chose this phone.
Great phone, handset and box, adapter however doesn't seem to work well- phone screen keeps going on and off while charging. Also no ejection tool came with device....LOVE THE PHONE THOUGH excellent condition!
Great phone
Excellent cell phone, I had Samsung S3 but the difference is totally, very fast, the screen is very comfortable. Just wanting it to be waterproof as Samsung S5.
I've had my Samsung Galaxy S6 for almost a month now and it has served all my need. I had to purshase a SMS card from tmobile for $16.00 other than that works great with my tmobile service.Great choice even greater price.
Great quality nice phone.
Nice phone
Great phone! And great seller as well. Fluent communication and solved some issues smoothly. Totally recommended.
Excelent
The batery drains too fast... :(
Having some issues with the slow internet response...unsure if it's the phone yet. It came new and clean along with plug adapter so I can use internationally or in the US.
Its a bery nice and good Phone, like it:)
Fantastic phone, both hardware and software are great.
Perfect device, beautiful e so fast.
Great phone! A good mix of both android and apple... really good cell phone.
Good delivery. Good quality phone
Great mobile
Excellent product and it works in Argentina
Good phone
awesome phone
too expressive, could have it at a better price.
excellent cellphone: the future is now, as reads the advertises!!! it was my son's birthday present, and he is very happy with it!!
Great phone and was exactly as described. Only thing missing were the little manual but who needs that. Will check out later when upgrading and their prices are good!
Beautiful screen.Awesome display.Snappy performanceThe only problem I have with this device is the battery life other wise very satisfied
Its new and its working on macedonian sim card!
Absolutely wonderful. Was very happy.
Excellent! It was delivered before the estimated date.
muy bueno
The cellphone is very good, I can use it in seconds, all the conditions are like the offer.
excellent
works right
Received product in original condition exceptThere was no receipt in it
it nice! I got it.
Excellent
We use this on the P-Tel monthly service, which utilizes the T-Mobile network. Works great.
This phone is amazing, once you get used to the size of the unit. Battery is great, I don't even think about it. Last all day. 32Gig is enough for everything that I do. I was worried that the memory is going to be an issue because there is no expandable slot, but it's totally fine because there is no model less than 32gig.THE CAMERA IS FANTASTIC
Perfect 👌
I'm absolutely in love with it
An amazing piece of technology
I need to exchange to galaxy s6 edge plus
Was exactly what was ordered, worked perfectly, but had to return because it was an unwanted xmas present.
nice phone. got it with russian printed box but not a problem since its easy to change the language.
Amazing phone !!!! I will send it in Ethiopia for my family instead of "Samsung Galaxy grand" that I sent before no work.
Was looking for international phone and got it for very good price.awsome performancePros- best screen ,excellent cameraCons - none as of now
I was a bit skeptical when I was purchasing this phone but now I'm 100% satisfied. This is a genuine phone and it comes with all accessories. It performs perfectly and so far I can't complain about anything. Thanks wireless place for your excellent service
Love the color and have had no problems with the phone.
I didn not receive the stylus with this phone. it seems to work pretty well and I like the clarity of the screen.
Perfect
A very good piece of crap it doesn't work anymore. .
Excellent product write on time
The phone is great. Faster than galaxy s5 but battery last less. However the adaptive fast charging feature is great. If you got it for the car even on a short trip the battery will charge. It support LTE for band 3 (1800mhz). Another feature greatly improved is the fingerprint sensor it really improved a lot. I lock my phone with the fingerprint now. With S5 it does not work that well. Another bad thing is that battery is fixed you can't change the battery. Battery usually fail in one year on many phones.
It's my partner's phone. It's not dual sim. Sim card is the nano size. It doesn't have the ability to expand storage compared to other Samsung models I have seen that have a slot for a micro SD card. In short, there's no convenient way to open the back to gain access to the battery and the micro SD card slot. Other than that, it's a great phone.If you are migrating to this phone, make sure you do a complete backup of all the data in your old phone. Just to be sure.
Excelent 10/10
THIS IS UNLCKOED!!!!
Amazing phone. Exactly what I was expecting. Blazes through all apps and media. Miss the SD and battery but can definitely work with it through the whole day.
Excelente
Best phone I have ever hold I'm my hand.
Excellent product!!!!!!
Works great, looks great and quick charge is amazing, Didn't come with much bloatware and I could disable many of those apps. I was worried about touchwiz but I got a more "pure android" experience by installing the Google launcher and the material design theme, feels practically the same. Battery life is not that good but is not bad either, and quick charge makes up for it. I'm in love with my new phone.
Nice. I am enjoying it
awesome
 I've been testing this out for work and the S6 is a brilliant mobile.It's easy (if long winded if you opt to use the fingerprint scanner) to setup, and once connected to WiFi it updated to Android 6.0.1.If you do take the the time to setup the fingerprint scanner you’ll benefit from fast unlocking without the need to enter a pin or screen code, just pickup the phone, pop your thumb on the sensor and it unlocks.Unlike the previous plastic S5 the S6 feels like a premium handset with a lovely design. The only thing that might bug you is the camera around the back, which sticks out a little bit from the back of the body.Interestingly next to the rear camera is not only a flash, but a small health sensor for measuring things like your heart rate.Samsung have kept the S6 relatively bloatware free, things like the health sensor make use of the included S Health app and the apps pre installed all seem like they might be useful.Unfortunately there isn’t the option to add a microSD card, however this is somewhat mitigated by being given 100GB of OneDrive storage space free for 2 years.The camera on this is brilliant, shots are lovely and clear, the autofocusing works well, you can pull focus to certain spots, good depth of field, you really won’t need a dedicated camera if you have this in your pocket!The S6 also impresses when playing games. The screen looks gorgeous and it’s big enough to allow the use of onscreen controls without your hands getting in the way of the action.Worth noting the speakers are located on the bottom of the handset so if you are a gamer that plays a lot of landscape games you might find your hand covering the speaker and muffling the sound a little.It might not be the newest Samsung phone, but it still has a lot to offer, it’s easy to see why Samsung are doing so well in mobiles.
I love my phone, works perfect...great camera. Works perfect in Venezuela
Nice little cell phone, it does the work.Battery: ☆☆☆☆ It lasts about 7 hours under non-stop internet surfing, or almost 2 days under regular use at day + power saving mode on at night. It fulfills my needs.System: ☆☆☆☆☆ Smooth and easy to use.Size: ☆☆☆☆ A bit too big for one hand, but it doesn't really matter.Recharge time: ☆☆☆☆ Less than 2 hours with screen off.Life: Unknown atm. I hope it can last for 2 years or perhaps more.
Good, it works.
Excellent
very good product
Excelent!
Perfect.
Perfect!!! Fast shipping
Pretty impressed with this phone, truly more than I expected. The only con I see is that it can not be opened to change the battery, which by the way, does not last any longer than it's predecessors. Not even the lack of expandable memory bothers me, I feel 32 Gb and cloud services will suffice.
Fast delivery and as aspected.
Great equipment, works fine in several LTE networks in Latin America. Does not work for Claro Puerto Rico.New equipment, fast shipment.
LOVE!!!! Works with straight talk without difficulty. Fast processor, can do multiple things at the same time. And it is Beautiful!
I love it!
Mine's battery didn't work for me AT ALL
Thanks I like this cell phone ; very fast delivery I lived in Honduras
Given as a gift
It's a good phone, got a European version and has some weird messages in German, but it works. I just liked the S5 more.
I really liked this phone, came in just in just two days. but i had to return because the phone completely shut me out when it didn't identify my finger print or accept the backup password. other than that lil misunderstanding its a great phone. i would definitely recommend.
Love my phone. Plus it's beautiful
Excellent !!
EXCELENT
excellent
Excelente
Excelent product!!!
All ok!
Excellent product!!!!
Perfect purchase thanks
Not bad but to expensivе for price.
This is a nice looking phone, looks way better then my iPhone 6 Plus, work great too as expected from a Samsung product 👍
Excellent product. I love it. 100% reliable Seller.
The team came with a ripping the home button , the return was done .
Pretty solid phone.
excellent buy
It's a great phone upgraded from the nexus 5. But comparing the price of a nexus and the s6 I'd say the s6 is not worth the extra 200 bucks. Great phone just costs alot.
Not issues......love the phone
excellent , the package arrive on time
Best phone I had so far!
Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920F 32GB (Factory Unlocked) 5.1" - International Version - Black I bought this phone to use for Straight Talk and it works perfectly and the transfer only took like 20 minutes. Everything works and everything was included in the box that should have been included. My phone was not working at first and I was about ready to go ballistic. Googled the problem, troubleshooted, fixed in like 5 minutes. Bought from DeltaMobiles and the phone arrived early and tamper sticker was still intact. It doesn't say I have 4G LTE on my phone but its going as fast as my old phone that said 4G LTE so its working for me. Impressed with the phone and the updated OS. Camera is insanely good and the video is awesome. The screen is so beautiful I cry. Loving the phone so far.
I love this phone! It's a larger version of the moto x 2nd gen.
the phone itself is good, no problem with it and I totally satisfied. However the adapter for the charger doesn't work, I had to look for a new one since the charger I received cannot use to charge in the kind of the electric sockets in the States.
Bought this phone for my girlfriend cause her Galaxy s4 was getting out dated (screen was starting to flicker) I must say I was impressed with the delivery and condition the phone arrived in considering this was my first time ordering a cell phone through Amazon. Out the box this phone was a beauty my girlfriend loved it especially the colour ( blue being her favourite colour) just before writing this review I asked her again if she was satisfied with her phone, her response was " I LOVE IT! " ........ Need I say more!
Excellent cell phone. Highly recommended.
I love my phone..
I love the finger pin unlock security features and it take very good pictures and recordings are crisp.
Is perfect
Goog
Purchased the phone unlocked September 2015, so far I am very pleased with it.It weakest point seems to be the battery life.You can usually get a full day on moderate usage, but with heavy usage it won't last a a day.At least the fast charging (via cable) is really quick, it goes to about 80% in about one hour and 100% in another half an hour.
every think ok! recomendable seller!
I just love this phone!I'm not going to bore you with all the techie details, I assume you've done all your research, there are plenty of reviews online.I'm just going to tell you that the Samsung Galaxy S6 won the phone of the year award in 2015.I had a huge dilemma trying to choose between the S6 and the new S7. After reading a ton of reviews and comparisons, I chose the S6 mostly because of the "Gorilla Glass" that covers the S7. It is supposed to be unbreakable but apparently your phone screen can break just by sitting in your pocket. One very unhappy customer explained in great length how he contacted customer service about this and the response he got was "the phone is not meant to be placed in a pocket so the warranty does not cover this type of accident". In other words, your mobile phone is not portable!The other big complain about the S7 is battery usage and the phone often freezing. I just want to clarify that this is because of the new Android OS version 6.X which is still in alpha release, i.e. trial. It has nothing to do with the phone itself. My boyfriend has the S5, since it upgraded to the 6.X, things just started misbehaving. Once Google gets all the bugs fixed, your S7 will run smoothly.Anyway, the S6 is just great. In terms of specs, it comes pretty close to the S7, and it's half the price.The phone that I got is AT&T but it's completely unlocked and works with my T mobile.It is the international version, it works with a few foreign SIM cards that I have too.HOWEVER the phone WILL NOT WORK with Verizon or Sprint! These carriers use a different technology than AT&T and T mobile so this phone is not compatible with their service. If you have Verizon or Sprint, you need to get the CDMA version of the S6.Finally, you get a charger in the box but no headphones and no key to open the little SIM card drawer (I used a needle, it worked just as well)
Was great
Loved it!!! Not overly large like other smart phones. Slim, sleek and lightweight design makes it great phone to have
Great
100% recomendable
After reading many reviews, I began to get worried about the authenticity of the phone. Some said that it was fake, or that the battery life on the device was terrible, so I was prepared to return it if it were not real. I purchased this on June 29, 2016 and received it on July 1, 2016. When handed the box from the UPS deliverer, it was in great shape. I slid the Samsung Galaxy S6 box out of the one it was shipped in, and was glad to see that THE SEAL WAS NOT BROKEN, and was the correct color. I then opened the box and saw the phone with all of the original accessories included. Unfortunately it is the international version and there is no warranty provided. So I made some calls and found out that you can PURCHASE 2 YEARS of warranty off of Samsung.com. When you search for "Protection Plus" a screen will appear, providing you with the option of buying 2 YEARS OF WARRANTY for $99.00. The phone works fantastic and is lightning quick. Its battery life is great and It is totally worth the purchase. I decided to write this review to include things that I wish others would have included. Lastly, I use MetroPCS and it works great. Also, there are many unanswered comments on other post like "Who was your seller" or "Who'd you buy from". I'll gladly tell you that I purchased this device from lifeline786. He shipped quick and answered many questions that I asked through email, almost immediately. Some say that the model code on this phone is fake "SM-G920F" but it's not. This model code means that it is a global version of the phone. Hope this helps! :)
otimo.
This phone is thee best for my dad I like it
everithing ok
Restarts itself often
Excellent product.
Ok
Would recommend to a friend.
Works beautifully.
My father love the phone.
This is a really good phone. Everything is perfect!!!
This is the best phone on market. The camera is amazing
The phone is great but there are two things that I was concerning about:1. I ordered G920F and the seller sent me G920FD which is actually the dual sim version and I don't know if that is the better option.2. When I turned on the phone, the battery was on 38% and for less than an hour of use the battery drained.
Excellent device, very satisfied with the product
Excelent
Fast delivery, excellent overall experience.
Perfect!
Great!
Excellent cel, really nice photos. Like the new design.
Great product very happy purchased as a gift for a friend in the country of Belize...works great fast shipping and packaging very pleased every aspect nof problems came un locked grea seller highly recommend ..******
Like some other review has mentioned, this phone does not pick up signal very well. I had severe problem with it for a while, but it seems to be ok recently. There are some other things I do not like, such as the light being way too bright to me and the tone is overly yellow. But they are really just personal preference. One huge plus I have for this phone is it does charge really fast.
Very good product
Love my phone!!! Didn't have any problems when connecting to my server.
10!!!
This was definitely tge best product ever. everything was perfect. thanks seller
The phone looks so clean I thought I purchased a new one.my only problem is that I was given charger and earpiece but I later realized I got what I bargained for .to some it up.it was a great bargain
excellent product!!!!
love it
Excelente
Great product!
Nice Phone fits all my needsand is top notch
exelemte
Great Transaction, Outstanding phone, a bit pricey but the best possible at this time.
👍🏼👍🏼
I bought the international version. Has less branded bloatware, but the plug included in the box was I think European. The seller included a USA plug adapter outside the box. Very pleased so far.
I like it work good for me .Thank
Good
very well
excelent
been black out.. won't turn on..i searched i found answer online...now its doing good
Best Phone e ver !
Battery could last more.
Arrived on time. The phone itself is simply spectacular.I have to admit I was a little skeptical, didnt think it would really be unlocked. But everything came out great. Original packaging!
love this phone from s3 mini to this perfect advanced
it looks great up to now
Best Galaxy ever!
Great phone comes with a great price and amazing deal :)
Loved this cellphone, lightning fast and really beautiful design.
Works with T-mobile in the US and works with swedish sim-cards.Got a European charger, and a small adapter for US/JP.The device is very good looking compared to the other phones in the Galaxy S family. The fingerprints on the back however are easy to spot. But that is probably because i chose the Black color, the other ones probably won't have that issue.The biggest downside is the non-removable battery, which means in about 2-3 years when the battery turns into s***, you'll need to send it in to samsung or whatever for a replace.Not being waterproof like its predecessor and not being able ot use an SD-card sucks too. But i can live with that.It feels good in the hand, but is a bit slippery, especially if you put it on your lap etc. but a good phonecase will solve that issue. Right now i have the Neo Hybrid case from Spigen. It keeps the metallic look of the bumper and has a textured back for grip.
Great!
I bought it for my husband for his birthday ,and he love it.
The phone works fine but it's not possible to set it in Spanish, it only can be set in English or Asian languages.
Perfect in all senses - timely delivery, exactly what I wanted, ready to use right out of the box. Love it.
Everything perfect
Great product e perfect delivery on time.
great product
I lovery my new phone. I just sorry the S7 was not out in blue
The S6 beats all the iPhones by a long shot (in my opinion). The display is absolutely fantabulous, better than iPhones, showing even the most microscopic details into perfection. It is the fastest device I've ever used with the stunning 3 GB of RAM (compared to newest iPhone's 1 GB). I love photography and with the 16 MP (newest iPhone has 8 MP), this is by far better than even $200 dollar cameras you find in stores. The 32 GB of memory provide all the room I could possibly want. I have had this phone for over 8 months now and still have over 14 GB left after all apps and music have been downloaded. The speakers provide great sound (better than any iPhone) and the bulge of the camera can easily be covered by a case, and I don't think it's worth buying the S7 just for the flat camera. I haven't had a single problem with anything about this phone. Last thing, the charger for this thing is absolutely beast. It is a fast charger built specifically for this phone and charges from 1% to 100% in just 1 hour. I bought the wireless charger but never use it because of this amazing charger, I wouldn't waste time and money on the wireless because it takes so much longer to charge. If you are trying to decide whether to get this or the iPhone, go with this one, you'll love it. RAM and Camera and Display are 2-3 times better than even the lastest iPhones.
Sealed pack new box...all the things perfectly fine...
Versión Europea
Love my phone, haven't had any issues with this!
GREAT PHONE!!!!!!!!!! Is even better than I expected. 4k video = AWESOME
it my first smart phone love it
Absolutely love this phone. I've had no problems since purchasing it, more than 6 months ago. It really is a beautifully made phone. I bought the gold version and still love it. The speed of this phone is unmatched to the numerous other androids I have had. Highly recommend.
LOVE IT
Nice phone
I did not appreciate the packaging that the phone came in, it looked halfway opened, and didn't say fragile anywhere on it. Would have appreciated more of an effort to keep my $400+ dollar investment safe! HOWEVER, quick delivery, (was left in my mailbox, which I both appreciated and though was strange as it said to leave at door) and I'm loving my new phone. Battery life is eh, I took the chance on it because the s7 is out of the question price wise, and I'm not disappointed, but the battery on my s5 active was MUCH better and lasted a lot longer. It definitely has an iPhone feel to it, definitely get a case, it's very "thin" my boyfriend described it as feeling fake. I'm pretty happy with the product and love the beautiful resolution and camera it has!
Great A++
Very good state of the phone
Very good
Great purchase!
Excellent
Its a really nice phone I'm happy with my new gadget, just the battery doesn't last long enough just 24 hours, thanks.
I'm so happy I bought this. Nothings wrong. Everything is just right. This is the international version of the phone, so the charger (the wall piece) isn't the same will not fit in the wall sockets in the U.S. and Canada.. and anywhere else that has weird sockets out of the U.S. But outside of the S6 box came an adapter. So I'm glad that saved me a few bucks.HOWEVER!!!!!This is the international version of the phone, so all the updates that come out in the U.S. are not applied to the phone. You will get the updates when the country the phone came from releases the update. (Usually you get it before the U.S.) and...SAMSUNG PAY WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR THIS PHONE... Which im very sad about..
Great
Excelente!!
Love this device! It even came before I expected it too!
Great phone but takes some time to setup. Has a great screen and takes very good photos.
Ver y goog
Great phone but battery life socks, big time
everything worked perfectly
All is Okey
Exactly as advertised by seller....we were very pleased with items
wife loves it
Excellent phone. It comes unlocked and can be used in Venezuela with movistar
the product was easy to use and worked well
I bought this phone for my husband. It was a surprise. He absolutely loves it. It was at a great prices, and the phone works perfect. I just wish it the shipping time could of been a lot faster. I was to excited to see the excitement on his face.
Nice fast phone.
not is anti water
I really like it but sometimes I don't know if it was my service that was slow or my phone. Also when I was talking on the phone it would make a weird noise sometimes.
6 stars!!!!!
Excellent phone. Well done Amazon.
Great phone!
Excellent. .
Works great, with AT&T, no issues with LTE, but if does display it as 4G. Not sure about the region either because there new 5.1.1 update has not hit it yet even though it's been out for a few weeks.
My husband love it
great
Excellent!
everything came well and everything we is working.
Bought for a satisfied customer.
I liked the storage space and the fact that I could put it on MetroPCS
Great
Works well!
is a great smarphone
good
Perfect. It was brand new, works both in Grenada and in the united states (T-mobile).
Bought this for my brother and he was ecstatic. Just what he wanted!
It's a great product, almost everything worked great, but since this is an international version, Samsung pay will not work on it, I also wish it would come with a US charger instead of a European-American power adapter, but that's not really a huge problem, overall solid 9/11.
Got it in January and I love it. Works great
Great phone.
Just a great product
Got this as a gift for my husband and he loves it. I was a little skeptical about ordering a phone online but we are both very happy with our purchase.
Was good
I was definitely pleased with the Samsung Galaxy S6 it met my expectations...happy customer
Great
This phone is so good... Its camera is great. The speed obviously is good. The frame is beautiful. If it only would be more narrow it would fix perfectly in my hand
Excelent
Very good works excellent satisfied customer
I love my new samsung galaxy phone .
Top
Absolutely love the phone,the speed is incredible,the design,just everything about it fits my needs definitely recommend this phone to anyone
Best phone in the armer right now !!
Very please with the Samsung S6 Edge
I cannot give this phone high enough praise. It is a beautifully designed device, easily handles even the most demanding apps, and has more features than I will ever use. The reduced Touchwiz interface is a joy to use, and greatly improved over previous versions. I can say without a doubt this is my favorite phone I've ever owned.I do want to note that this is an international version. As such I was surprised, though I shouldn't have been, to discover upon opening that I'd received the Italian version of it. This means the manual and the wall charger are both the Italian versions, too. The seller was kind enough to include an EU to North American adapter so I can plug it in. Initial setup was a breeze, with language selection being one of the first screens upon powering it up. The utilities folder was still named instrumenti, but aside from that localization switched entirely to English without any problems. I read a different review that said they got the French version, so it seems there's no way to know what you'll get until you get it. I still think it's an excellent product and well worth carrying an adapter around with me since my carrier doesn't sell the S6 yet.Five stars!
Nice
Just as described
Excelent! !!!
Lost my iPhone to water. 2 days after getting this phone it was filming my daughter in the pool underwater. Operating systems are so similar I barely noticed the difference. Many compliments on how sharp and clear the pictures are. Overall satisfaction with this phone is 5 stars..
Great phone! Everything is so smooth and the camera exceeded my expectation. Also cool that you can get a Gear VR and turn this phone into an amazing VR kit.
Very Good
amazing phone and I really recommendthis seller
The phone is totally what I expected. It worked perfectly in Argentina. Nothing else to say. Just perfect. I love it!
Excellent
love it
Really good phone. Just 1st phone that i buy came with manufacturing defect, bit seller was really great and send me a brand new 100% good phone.
ok
It came on time, works well.
Excelent product
it was in Chinese language
Perfect!
Although I am just getting used to my phone, I like it so far. I think I'm going to enjoy it and I will be glad to update my review as time goes on. So far, I'm quite pleased with it's performance.
A gift for my son and he loves it
Christmas gift for my techi son, who was tired of Apple phones.
5 stars product/tech.
Great Phone!
Excelent
Exelent
I love it ♥
Wonderfull Phone very happy With this purcharse.
He loves it. I'm now wishing I had bought this product for myself instead. The screen's much stronger than those on iPhones. 5 STARS.
I love it!
I love it!
Comes with European charger and when I have it plugged in, every 5 seconds it alerts me that it's charging--if your phone is not on silent, it will vibrate or ring.
its perfect operates ok in my country
A gift for my son and he loves it
Excelent
Exelent
I love it ♥
Wonderfull Phone very happy With this purcharse.
He loves it. I'm now wishing I had bought this product for myself instead. The screen's much stronger than those on iPhones. 5 STARS.
I love it!
I love it!
Comes with European charger and when I have it plugged in, every 5 seconds it alerts me that it's charging--if your phone is not on silent, it will vibrate or ring.
its perfect operates ok in my country
A gift for my son and he loves it
Christmas gift for my techi son, who was tired of Apple phones.
5 stars product/tech.
Great Phone!
Excelent
Exelent
It said three business days but it got to me in two. Phone was legit, brand new out the pack....
totally satisfied.. with the exception of it only sends one pic at a time when I attatch pics to text.. but I can live with that..
Bought this for someone they love the phone
This was one of the best things I could buy and everything worked perfectly besides the huge plug they sent with it
OK! !
This is the best phone I've ever owned. Perfect for social media and surfing the web. Call quality is clear and crisp.
This phone is amazing
Very happy with the phone and delivery.
Great quality phone. When I purchased I was worried because several reviews cited problems with seals broken and possible inauthentic phones. The S6 I received was in perfect condition and def brand new. Purchased from seller theCoos with prime shipping, ordered in Black on the 18th got it on the 20th. So far it works as expected.
So far I like the size. I also like the abilities of the phone. The camera is awesome.
yes after one year she still loves it, but unfortunately THE MOTHER BOARD IS DEAD AND THE PHONE IS USELESS. ALL INFORMATION STORED IS LOST.
The screen is incredible. Like really incredible. The resolution is better than my eye can see. I use a Galaxy S4 as my regular phone and it has great resolution where you can't see individual pixels. I thought the S4 screen was as good as you can get, but the S6 screen takes it to a whole new level. Even though you can't see pixels on either screen, the higher resolution of the S6 screen makes everything look so sharp that it's nearly impossible to tell you are looking at a screen. It's that incredible.The design of the phone just feels more 'expensive'. I mean that in a good way. It feels just higher quality than previous models in the Galaxy S line. The S3 and S4 for example are often critiqued for having a plastic shell. The S6 has a metal band around the outside that just makes it feel 'premium' in your hand. It should also provide more protection for the device as well.TouchWiz is HEAVILY scaled back. I hate TouchWiz (Samsung's version of Android) It adds a layer of UI that is neither helpful nor intuitive. And it's a resource hog which slows the phone down for important tasks just so it can make the scrolling smoother, and other such useless tradeoffs. On the S6 TouchWiz was barely noticeable. The UI looks more like the standard Google Android Lollipop interface. It was all just much smoother and simpler and better and wonderful. I finally ended up going with the s6 since it seems like the usability rating was much higher and I didn't want to end up being an apple fanboy.. check out that site if you want to see the different phone models in a side by side comparison.
Good.
excelente
Like it
it functions well
Works well for the Gear VR
Perfect phone. It worked with carrier without any problem
Perfect
Loved my Galaxy!
It's really good
Works perfectly! I'm in the USA and worried about buying an 'International' version. But, I'm glad I did. It saved me a few hundred dollars. I love my new phone! It was an upgrade from the Galaxy 5 and I'm a happy customer.
Fill my need
So far so good, it works with T-Mobile and charge holds up almost all day with internet use.Color is great and camera photo quality is great.
Perfect!!! Problems with the package with grass in the box - but the phone work very well.
Awesome!
Great phone...best phone I've ever had...
The phone I received was perfect! Brand new retail packaging absolutely perfect.I unfortunately had to return it because I couldn't take it to the carrier I was planning on using it with but that was totally my fault for not researching enough. The return process was super simple and the rep that helped me was super nice over the phone! Definitely recommend this product just make sure it's compatible with the carrier u have or are planning to use this phone with.
IT WORKS GREAT I LOVE IT THANK YOU , AMAZON !!!
Awesome phone it matches the description 100%
Hi I got samsung s6 todayNot much explored the phone but 2 things observed1) battery is very hot after few mins of charging , Is it safe or should I return back ?2) at the back of samsung phone , samsung 6 is not printed . Is this original piece . How should I verify ?
This is the best phone on market. The camera is amazing
The phone is great but there are two things that I was concerning about:1. I ordered G920F and the seller sent me G920FD which is actually the dual sim version and I don't know if that is the better option.2. When I turned on the phone, the battery was on 38% and for less than an hour of use the battery drained.
Excellent device, very satisfied with the product
Excelent
Fast delivery, excellent overall experience.
Perfect!
Great!
Excellent, works fiine in venezuela with movistar. The charger didnt come with 110v Americas adapter.
it is an amazing device. Everything works perfectly, an amazing camera. However, the battery runs out really fast. I used to recharge it twice a day. But I have realized that battery lifetime is a huge problem for all types of device nowadays, regardless of the brand. So, I am satisfied with the galaxy S6.
Samsung s6 is the best phone I have used. We have only been using samsung phones for the last 5 years. The phone is easy to use and has great functionality.
Very good
Great purchase!
Excellent
Its a really nice phone I'm happy with my new gadget, just the battery doesn't last long enough just 24 hours, thanks.
I'm so happy I bought this. Nothings wrong. Everything is just right. This is the international version of the phone, so the charger (the wall piece) isn't the same will not fit in the wall sockets in the U.S. and Canada.. and anywhere else that has weird sockets out of the U.S. But outside of the S6 box came an adapter. So I'm glad that saved me a few bucks.HOWEVER!!!!!This is the international version of the phone, so all the updates that come out in the U.S. are not applied to the phone. You will get the updates when the country the phone came from releases the update. (Usually you get it before the U.S.) and...SAMSUNG PAY WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR THIS PHONE... Which im very sad about..
Great
Was exactly what was ordered, worked perfectly, but had to return because it was an unwanted xmas present.
Nice phone.....battery not so great. Camera and camera features (such as editing) not as good as my LG G3.
New, international, works in Dominican Republic
The phone is good but the charger has a 3 pin plug which is no good to me. Normally a new phone comes with a US and European plug but this is not the case. The seller should include charger plug for country where the order was placed
Best Phone e ver !
Battery could last more.
Wish I would have waited a little longer to buy, since the price dropped a lot the past few weeks, but the phone itself is amazing. Camera takes remarkable videos, and equally good pictures as my Nikon D3100. I can't make the phone lag no matter how hard I try, it's so fast! Fits great in my hand, but is a bit slippery at times even with a protective case. Screen is amazing. Worth the upgrade from the Nexus 5.
Arrived on time. The phone itself is simply spectacular.I have to admit I was a little skeptical, didnt think it would really be unlocked. But everything came out great. Original packaging!
love this phone from s3 mini to this perfect advanced
it looks great up to now
I wish it was the type that takes 2 sim cards.
Nice cell phone and have a fast delivery
This Product is awesome
This phone is absoulutly perfect and everything i hoped it would be for my boyfriend he cant wait to use it!!! Shipping was a little late but that wasnt there fault 😊😊😊😊😊 amazing phone id deffinitly recomend this!!
Excelente!!!
My daughter loves it!!! Didn't have the galaxy s6 logo on the back though.
This phone is one of the best phones and I will recommend it for anyone looking for a phone, which can do everything perfect.
Love it
Excellent in all sense. Great device. Great service and delivery!!
A very nice upgrade from the S3 where the apps were so heavy that it was responding sluggishly.
So far I think it is an excellent phone, and a decent upgrade from S5
Excelente phone, excelente conditions
Awesome phone! Only small criticism is that the american outlet adapter that came with the phone was junk. I suggest buying an american charger along with the unit.
wonderfull celphone, and beautifull!
Excellent phone , on time !
Excellent
It's good. Not a clean scrolling a's a Windows Phone but better app ecosystem.
Thanks fantastic
Good phone, no issues.
Everithing excellent.-
Almost a year later and it works perfectly fine!! Great buy!
love it to the max
Love the form factor of the S6 is my second one and is a very solid phone with a very good camera.
All in order
PERFECT
Excellent cel, really nice photos. Like the new design.
Great product very happy purchased as a gift for a friend in the country of Belize...works great fast shipping and packaging very pleased every aspect nof problems came un locked grea seller highly recommend ..******
Just as described
Excelent! !!!
Lost my iPhone to water. 2 days after getting this phone it was filming my daughter in the pool underwater. Operating systems are so similar I barely noticed the difference. Many compliments on how sharp and clear the pictures are. Overall satisfaction with this phone is 5 stars..
Great phone! Everything is so smooth and the camera exceeded my expectation. Also cool that you can get a Gear VR and turn this phone into an amazing VR kit.
Very Good
Excellent
Great phone.
it is a real S6, it is International and it is unlocked.(you may want to buy protector case because the phone feels very slippery)
Excellent! It was delivered before the estimated date.
muy bueno
The cellphone is very good, I can use it in seconds, all the conditions are like the offer.
excellent
works right
Received product in original condition exceptThere was no receipt in it
The phone is happily being used by the recipent as a gift. As far as I am concerned this is a good phone that works fine with Tracfone as long as you get the tracfone sim card from Wal Mart.
Works fantastic!
Excellent!!
Perfect
Awesome and friendly usable phone.
I received the Samsung Galaxy S6 G920F Unlocked Cell Phone - International Sourced Version - White Pearl, but the power adapted is UK version, I need the US version, I would have to find an adpator to converter from UK version to US version, to charge my phone or buy a new charger.
It's a really good phone! The size is just perfect, not too big and not small. It works perfectly, better then my old Galaxy S5 mini.
Great stuff, very cool.
love it
Its best android phone by samsung great specifications, better than iphone 6s in half of the price.I would recommend this to anyone morethan iphone6s
Excelent product. Great dealer!
Restarts itself often
Excellent product.
Amazing Phone.The Samsung Galaxy S6 Pops out at you once you open it from the box. From an easy set up, to a fantastic android synchronization, this phone does it all. Camera has AMAZING QUALITY. Fingerprint Sensor. Everything the Iphone 6s+ has, but even more with higher quality and more features than the Iphone can possibly accomplish. This phone comes with Microsoft word, excel, powerpoint. It can record in Ultra HD. It can record in slow motion. It can fly, and it can order you pizza to fly and get it for you.Please purchase this or the S7.The Edge version has the same specs but is weather/terrain/shock resistant.
Ok
Would recommend to a friend.
Works beautifully.
Very very happy with the product and service.
Sleek looking and I love the fast charging feature.
Phone is awesome(writing this review on it right now) it came 2 days before it said it was going to so thats always good. Not a scratch dent or fingerprint on it, the only thing I could complain about is the headphones, it came with earbuds that were for the s3 and s4 since then they have been updated however they work fine with this phone so its not that big of a deal. If you're looking for this phone but not all full price this is the best possible deal.
Very good product
Everything works fine except the fact that it heats up quite fast. I dont know if its only my phone or all of them are like that. However other than that I cant say a bad word about it.
Came on time Brand new it has worked great so far. Happy customer
Came brand new and sealed. For Metro PCS the only thing I had to do was buy a SIM card from Metro's store and that was around $11. If you have an older model Galaxy I believe you can just transfer that SIM card.If this phone is an upgrade and you are an existing customer, than you will have to call Metro and have them activate your phone. If you are a new customer, than go to the Metro store and they should be able to activate your phone in person.
This phone is amazing! I didn't realize when I ordered it just how many junk apps are on phones purchased from the carrier until I got this unlocked phone. I have only the apps that I want and it has been wonderful! It is a beautiful piece of technology and I am so glad that I chose this phone.
Great phone, handset and box, adapter however doesn't seem to work well- phone screen keeps going on and off while charging. Also no ejection tool came with device....LOVE THE PHONE THOUGH excellent condition!
Excellent!
everything came well and everything we is working.
excellent buy
It's a great phone upgraded from the nexus 5. But comparing the price of a nexus and the s6 I'd say the s6 is not worth the extra 200 bucks. Great phone just costs alot.
Not issues......love the phone
excellent , the package arrive on time
Best phone I had so far!
Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920F 32GB (Factory Unlocked) 5.1" - International Version - Black I bought this phone to use for Straight Talk and it works perfectly and the transfer only took like 20 minutes. Everything works and everything was included in the box that should have been included. My phone was not working at first and I was about ready to go ballistic. Googled the problem, troubleshooted, fixed in like 5 minutes. Bought from DeltaMobiles and the phone arrived early and tamper sticker was still intact. It doesn't say I have 4G LTE on my phone but its going as fast as my old phone that said 4G LTE so its working for me. Impressed with the phone and the updated OS. Camera is insanely good and the video is awesome. The screen is so beautiful I cry. Loving the phone so far.
I love this phone! It's a larger version of the moto x 2nd gen.
Works great
Everything great!
Excelente producto
Find the phone too big for what I was used to have.
I ordered the Samsung Galaxy s6 white pearl I have a dot may be my phone is not original but when I receive my phone it was original and performance is excellent
Great
Excelente!
Great phone, meet all expectations
Perfect
i got in good condition as expecteed
Excellent
Love it.. Glad I purchased it...
the item was perfect, as published.
THANK YOU.
it is amazing so far. Have to take a little getting use to.
Arrives in excellent condition it's working very good, thank you very munch.
Top
Absolutely love the phone,the speed is incredible,the design,just everything about it fits my needs definitely recommend this phone to anyone
Be careful when you buy it.One thing bothers me is that the phone was set as middle east users, because on calendar Ramadan holidays are marked and you can't get rid of it.Other than that is is perfectly fine.
Living overseas and wanted a phone I could use here, with a fantastic camera. This purchase serves all those purposes. I bought the turquoise because it was a few dollars cheaper, figuring it would be covered by the case, which isn't quite true. The color case I bought clashes with the turquoise where it shows through along the top.
Excelente
Great product!
Nice Phone fits all my needsand is top notch
exelemte
Great Transaction, Outstanding phone, a bit pricey but the best possible at this time.
the phone itself is good, no problem with it and I totally satisfied. However the adapter for the charger doesn't work, I had to look for a new one since the charger I received cannot use to charge in the kind of the electric sockets in the States.
Bought this phone for my girlfriend cause her Galaxy s4 was getting out dated (screen was starting to flicker) I must say I was impressed with the delivery and condition the phone arrived in considering this was my first time ordering a cell phone through Amazon. Out the box this phone was a beauty my girlfriend loved it especially the colour ( blue being her favourite colour) just before writing this review I asked her again if she was satisfied with her phone, her response was " I LOVE IT! " ........ Need I say more!
Excellent cell phone. Highly recommended.
So far so good.
Love this smart phone
Very nice smartphone, fast, full day battery, amazing pictures. Lag a bit sometimes.
excellant!
Very Good
perfect!!
Good phone love it
Excellent
Arrived quickly and is working just Fine!!!!
The phone looks so clean I thought I purchased a new one.my only problem is that I was given charger and earpiece but I later realized I got what I bargained for .to some it up.it was a great bargain
excellent product!!!!
love it
Nice little cell phone, it does the work.Battery: ☆☆☆☆ It lasts about 7 hours under non-stop internet surfing, or almost 2 days under regular use at day + power saving mode on at night. It fulfills my needs.System: ☆☆☆☆☆ Smooth and easy to use.Size: ☆☆☆☆ A bit too big for one hand, but it doesn't really matter.Recharge time: ☆☆☆☆ Less than 2 hours with screen off.Life: Unknown atm. I hope it can last for 2 years or perhaps more.
Good, it works.
Excellent
very good product
Excelent!
Perfect.
Excellent phone, it works at expected
I actually was afraid of getting it online but the phone was the real deal. Compared it to my friends s6 from tmobile and it's the same. The only difference was the dual sim. I guess that is a plus for me. Thanks.
Very good
good product quality. recommended.
So far so good, time will tell if the non removable battery will give good service. I installed a sim card and ported my own number. Having fun being a bit nerdy at 70 years of age. LOL
Excelente.
It was a Christmas gify for someone else. No complaints heard so far.
wife loves it
Excellent phone. It comes unlocked and can be used in Venezuela with movistar
the product was easy to use and worked well
I bought this phone for my husband. It was a surprise. He absolutely loves it. It was at a great prices, and the phone works perfect. I just wish it the shipping time could of been a lot faster. I was to excited to see the excitement on his face.
Nice fast phone.
Its the perfect phone 5 stars
Stylish phone with several useful apps
I knew the galaxy s6's to be really good phones. Now that I have one of my own, I know for sure its beyond great. I love the color, and its super fun seeing peoples reaction to it. Also very sturdy, and the gorilla glass covering it all has proven very effective in protecting it. The camera is about as good as anything you would find even in dslrs. Couldn't ever say enough about how great this phone is. But as a final note, the battery life is beyond satisfactory. I am easily getting 14 to 16 hours on a regular basis.
Im so happy with my new cellphone
I love my new phone! I didn't realize that the international version had dual sim, but that's great, I can just pop a new sim when I travel. I noticed too that the seal was broken on the phone but reading from Android forums, this was necessary to activate the phone in the country of origin (Mine was apparently from Africa) before it could work internationally. The downside to it being from an international phone is that I couldn't register it on Samsung's website. I haven't tried going to the Samsung Africa website... Having been an iPhone user, I quickly found out how much more iPhone apps there were than Android's but there were equivalents, and those that don't... well, they weren't that important to me. Most of the productivity apps do have an Android equivalent. The UI didn't bother me too much because I have an Android tablet but if you were loyal to Apple and are suddenly switching it may take a few minutes/hours to orient yourself with the capabilities of this device and of the Samsung and Android interface. Me, I love it already.
Phone came as it should have, everything was included: earbuds, charger, manual, all in original packaging. This is four stars because I know this phone was supposed to come with a Samsung fast charger, which I did get. But it is a ginormous two piece charger that is unnecessary. It's twice as large as the one that was supposed to be included.Now the phone is a beast. After about a month my only complaints are that the phone does get unnecessarily warm even when not gaming and the battery life can last you about a day, which is fine considering the phone can charge from 25% to full in about an hour.
Everything perfect
Great product e perfect delivery on time.
Everything is intact with this phone it is awesome and works perfectly
Very nice phone.... from iphone 4s to Galaxy S6.... is really an other concept of world... nothing bad to say!
Excellent
Factory quality. Works just fine in Belize. Compatible with all the networks here.
love it for a year.
very good
excellent product
excellent phone, very good price and quality. Four good
I think it's suit for me. I really like this phone.
It not the latest but it has all the needed features and it's much cheaper than the last version.
Great phone!!!
the product came in perfect condition. 100% New
Great phone
Excellent cell phone, I had Samsung S3 but the difference is totally, very fast, the screen is very comfortable. Just wanting it to be waterproof as Samsung S5.
It doesn't have LTE with at&t
great product
I lovery my new phone. I just sorry the S7 was not out in blue
Works great in Miami with T-Mobile 4G LTE, phone was brand new, original box and accessories included, I order two of them and they work great
The S6 beats all the iPhones by a long shot (in my opinion). The display is absolutely fantabulous, better than iPhones, showing even the most microscopic details into perfection. It is the fastest device I've ever used with the stunning 3 GB of RAM (compared to newest iPhone's 1 GB). I love photography and with the 16 MP (newest iPhone has 8 MP), this is by far better than even $200 dollar cameras you find in stores. The 32 GB of memory provide all the room I could possibly want. I have had this phone for over 8 months now and still have over 14 GB left after all apps and music have been downloaded. The speakers provide great sound (better than any iPhone) and the bulge of the camera can easily be covered by a case, and I don't think it's worth buying the S7 just for the flat camera. I haven't had a single problem with anything about this phone. Last thing, the charger for this thing is absolutely beast. It is a fast charger built specifically for this phone and charges from 1% to 100% in just 1 hour. I bought the wireless charger but never use it because of this amazing charger, I wouldn't waste time and money on the wireless because it takes so much longer to charge. If you are trying to decide whether to get this or the iPhone, go with this one, you'll love it. RAM and Camera and Display are 2-3 times better than even the lastest iPhones.
Sealed pack new box...all the things perfectly fine...
Works fine a year later. The phone has slowed down, but that's not the seller's fault. I am happy with this purchase.
excellent
Very Nice.
Contained all accessories as listed and was good as new
Worked as described and has been a very good buy.
It's perfect!!! Fantastic phone and fantastic dealer. Thanks!!
This phone came in perfect condition, in a factory sealed box... packaged exactly as you would find it in any retail store here in the U.S. It's came factory unlocked, so it's ready to be used on any compatible mobile system. The box contained the S6, a set of ear buds, a 1 meter USB to micro-usb cable, a quick charger, and a tool to pop out the SIM card holder.The phone I received was destined for the United Arab Emirate, so the included quick charger was configured for their wall outlets and not the ones here in the U.S. I did test it with one of my international outlet adapters and it charges the S6 properly. There were also a few pre-installed apps that are probably popular/useful in the UAE.Over-all, I'm happy with this purchase.
The phone itself is great! Ive always had an iPhone so really liking the bigger screen although carrying it around in my pocket is not as easy.I bought this phone to use for a school project and therefore DO NOT use it as an actual phone. The reason why I am saying this is because my phone came with a defective sim tray. I have tried to open my sim tray but it is stuck and does not open. I know sim trays sometimes needs a lot of force to open but this one is 100% stuck. Luckily for me, I didnt need access to the sim tray in the first place but for those of you looking to use it as a normal phone, keep this in mind.
Great phone! Everything arrived in time and with proper seals on boxes. The phone works great and has been a very joyful experience. Buy with confidence.
Really good
Great
This phone is so good... Its camera is great. The speed obviously is good. The frame is beautiful. If it only would be more narrow it would fix perfectly in my hand
Excelent
Very good works excellent satisfied customer
I love my new samsung galaxy phone .
Great product - thanks!
Excellent Phone, astonishing camera, and very good performance at all.
LIKE IT
Its a great phone, i live in venezuela and it works fantastic!
so I bought this for a friend actually, and its all good so far, she loves the upgrade and the cool pics it takes.
I love my new phone. I was hesitant about rolling my accts over because I thought it would be tedious. It was not.
Great. 👍🏽
Best phone I have ever hold I'm my hand.
Excellent product!!!!!!
Best phone in the armer right now !!
Very please with the Samsung S6 Edge
I cannot give this phone high enough praise. It is a beautifully designed device, easily handles even the most demanding apps, and has more features than I will ever use. The reduced Touchwiz interface is a joy to use, and greatly improved over previous versions. I can say without a doubt this is my favorite phone I've ever owned.I do want to note that this is an international version. As such I was surprised, though I shouldn't have been, to discover upon opening that I'd received the Italian version of it. This means the manual and the wall charger are both the Italian versions, too. The seller was kind enough to include an EU to North American adapter so I can plug it in. Initial setup was a breeze, with language selection being one of the first screens upon powering it up. The utilities folder was still named instrumenti, but aside from that localization switched entirely to English without any problems. I read a different review that said they got the French version, so it seems there's no way to know what you'll get until you get it. I still think it's an excellent product and well worth carrying an adapter around with me since my carrier doesn't sell the S6 yet.Five stars!
Nice
I love this phone!
Good.
Loved this cellphone, lightning fast and really beautiful design.
Works with T-mobile in the US and works with swedish sim-cards.Got a European charger, and a small adapter for US/JP.The device is very good looking compared to the other phones in the Galaxy S family. The fingerprints on the back however are easy to spot. But that is probably because i chose the Black color, the other ones probably won't have that issue.The biggest downside is the non-removable battery, which means in about 2-3 years when the battery turns into s***, you'll need to send it in to samsung or whatever for a replace.Not being waterproof like its predecessor and not being able ot use an SD-card sucks too. But i can live with that.It feels good in the hand, but is a bit slippery, especially if you put it on your lap etc. but a good phonecase will solve that issue. Right now i have the Neo Hybrid case from Spigen. It keeps the metallic look of the bumper and has a textured back for grip.
Great!
Loved it. Color and feel. Didn't realise that I am getting unlocked duos for this reasonable price.
I bought it for my husband for his birthday ,and he love it.
The phone works fine but it's not possible to set it in Spanish, it only can be set in English or Asian languages.
Perfect in all senses - timely delivery, exactly what I wanted, ready to use right out of the box. Love it.
I was definitely pleased with the Samsung Galaxy S6 it met my expectations...happy customer
Excellent product!!!!
Perfect purchase thanks
Not bad but to expensivе for price.
This is a nice looking phone, looks way better then my iPhone 6 Plus, work great too as expected from a Samsung product 👍
Excellent product. I love it. 100% reliable Seller.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00U8KSUIG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0Samsung Galaxy G920F-S6 32GB Factory Unlocked 5.1" - International Sourced Version - Black
works as expected
Excellent product, at great price it arrived on time and looking as it should... as new.
Wow I'm so please with my galaxy s6. It's doing what I want. Everything works well..
Great phone. Excellent Value for the money
Sometimes get stuck
Love this phone. excelent relation Price-Quality.
Great equipment, works fine in several LTE networks in Latin America. Does not work for Claro Puerto Rico.New equipment, fast shipment.
LOVE!!!! Works with straight talk without difficulty. Fast processor, can do multiple things at the same time. And it is Beautiful!
I love it!
Mine's battery didn't work for me AT ALL
Thanks I like this cell phone ; very fast delivery I lived in Honduras
Given as a gift
Beautiful screen.Awesome display.Snappy performanceThe only problem I have with this device is the battery life other wise very satisfied
Its new and its working on macedonian sim card!
Absolutely wonderful. Was very happy.
great
Really good , brand new
Evrything as describes! Great Productos and service!
Excellent!!
very good
Great!!!
I love this phone. It has great features.
It's fantastic
I love my phone..
I love the finger pin unlock security features and it take very good pictures and recordings are crisp.
Is perfect
Goog
Purchased the phone unlocked September 2015, so far I am very pleased with it.It weakest point seems to be the battery life.You can usually get a full day on moderate usage, but with heavy usage it won't last a a day.At least the fast charging (via cable) is really quick, it goes to about 80% in about one hour and 100% in another half an hour.
every think ok! recomendable seller!
I love my phone!!!
Looks good!
Excelent, the phone arrived 3 days earlier, excelent conditions. Highly recomended
Slick design, fast processing, simply great for all my business and entertainment needs.
Love the phone, it was unlock to use with any carrier. The charger is the european one so you might consider buying another for U.S. plugs. The phone came with an adapter for U.S. plugs but it was broken as it came in a bag outside the box. The phone also only works with micro SIM card.
For starters, I bought this model of phone used in "Like New Condition". Doesn't even have a scratch on it! Saved me $100 off the phone. If you do plan on buying this used like I did please read the description. I was luck enough to find one that had only been used for 1 month. Second, it came almost a whole week earlier than what the tracking said! I love the color of the phone! It's very rich and vibrant. Walmart was the only one that had this color available, but only through their website and it cost more than what Amazon had to offer. Third the G920F threw me off a little bit. After doing some research, I found out that it just means the phone came from a different country. You can do your own research on google by just typing in the serial number. Fine whatever, it works great! Even with my current carrier, Cricket Wireless. They do take "unlocked" phones into their network. Just gotta check with them first on the model of the phone. Since they sale Samsung Galaxy S6 it was a no brainier. I love the 32GB of memory. The camera works great. Bunch of new effects I'm not use to having. All my data transferred over with ease. I have no issues, problems or cons about this phone. I love it!
Very glad to have a great product at a great price. Thanks to fast delivery, will buy again next time. Thank you.
Worked right out of the Box. Because its the G920F version finding the exact model on Samsung's US site is tricky and frankly not necessary.The box arrived clean, and perfectly sealed. (if your box arrives and the Seal is damaged I recommend contacting the seller). The contents were all present and accounted for including a separately packaged US plug adapter. I now have Another 6' Micro USB cable. :)The phone had 49% charge upton powering it on, and the initial setup was simple.I used the "Smart Switch" software provided by Samsung to move all my crap from my S5 to my S6. How ever, it does not copy the OS settings. Just your data.I did have to take some scissors and trim down my SIM card to make it fit the Card Carriage that the S6 uses. But that was a minor issue.One it was setup and the data was copied over I was very happy with it. Fast, responsive, the new fingerprint reader is a lot easier to use.Now I have to setup the OS once again, but that's half the fun. :)
I love Samsung products!
Its a bery nice and good Phone, like it:)
Fantastic phone, both hardware and software are great.
Perfect device, beautiful e so fast.
Great phone! A good mix of both android and apple... really good cell phone.
Good delivery. Good quality phone
Great mobile
Excellent product and it works in Argentina
Excellent product write on time
Phone works well. Battery life is great and I have not experienced any problems thus far. I love it!
Very good
Purchased from Wireless Place (Fulfilled by Amazon). The phone is genuine, it has a clean IMEI and untouched KNOX counter. This version comes with a UK charger and a U.S. adapter. It's been over a week, and the phone works great.
Great phone works like new.
Nice phone. Awesome camera
The phone came with everything and it works perfect considering I'm using it in the Caribbean but my only issue was getting faulty earphones
Purchased this for my wife and it came sealed, did not encounter any problems. Delivery was fast and I don't live in the US. My items are shipped to a forwarding company in the US and then they ship it to me. But over all fast. My wife loves it very much. But it's been a few days so I will maybe give an update again after a month or so. But again, quick delivery and nice phone.
good
Perfect
wish it had a micro sd card slot available...other than that.. It's great. My mom loves it!
Love it!
The phone came in new condition with factory sealed box with unlock tag on it. It is a European phone comes with the European charger. The battery is so amazing that last very long. It has fast charge, that works in USA also. But i don't​ know if any problem comes up in future. I think its a great phone at very cheap prize
Perfect
Good phone, all glass though!! This phone is thin and easy to use. Very slippery, I would suggest getting a case.
Bought for a satisfied customer.
EXCELENT
excellent
Excelente
Excelent product!!!
All ok!
Super comfortable. Lots of padding. Ayyyeee
Amazing phone !!!! I will send it in Ethiopia for my family instead of "Samsung Galaxy grand" that I sent before no work.
Was looking for international phone and got it for very good price.awsome performancePros- best screen ,excellent cameraCons - none as of now
I was a bit skeptical when I was purchasing this phone but now I'm 100% satisfied. This is a genuine phone and it comes with all accessories. It performs perfectly and so far I can't complain about anything. Thanks wireless place for your excellent service
Love the color and have had no problems with the phone.
I didn not receive the stylus with this phone. it seems to work pretty well and I like the clarity of the screen.
Perfect
A very good piece of crap it doesn't work anymore. .
This phone is amazing, once you get used to the size of the unit. Battery is great, I don't even think about it. Last all day. 32Gig is enough for everything that I do. I was worried that the memory is going to be an issue because there is no expandable slot, but it's totally fine because there is no model less than 32gig.THE CAMERA IS FANTASTIC
Loved it!!! Not overly large like other smart phones. Slim, sleek and lightweight design makes it great phone to have
Great
100% recomendable
After reading many reviews, I began to get worried about the authenticity of the phone. Some said that it was fake, or that the battery life on the device was terrible, so I was prepared to return it if it were not real. I purchased this on June 29, 2016 and received it on July 1, 2016. When handed the box from the UPS deliverer, it was in great shape. I slid the Samsung Galaxy S6 box out of the one it was shipped in, and was glad to see that THE SEAL WAS NOT BROKEN, and was the correct color. I then opened the box and saw the phone with all of the original accessories included. Unfortunately it is the international version and there is no warranty provided. So I made some calls and found out that you can PURCHASE 2 YEARS of warranty off of Samsung.com. When you search for "Protection Plus" a screen will appear, providing you with the option of buying 2 YEARS OF WARRANTY for $99.00. The phone works fantastic and is lightning quick. Its battery life is great and It is totally worth the purchase. I decided to write this review to include things that I wish others would have included. Lastly, I use MetroPCS and it works great. Also, there are many unanswered comments on other post like "Who was your seller" or "Who'd you buy from". I'll gladly tell you that I purchased this device from lifeline786. He shipped quick and answered many questions that I asked through email, almost immediately. Some say that the model code on this phone is fake "SM-G920F" but it's not. This model code means that it is a global version of the phone. Hope this helps! :)
Great physical view. Any scratch. Better tan advertised.
otimo.
This phone is thee best for my dad I like it
everithing ok
Like some other review has mentioned, this phone does not pick up signal very well. I had severe problem with it for a while, but it seems to be ok recently. There are some other things I do not like, such as the light being way too bright to me and the tone is overly yellow. But they are really just personal preference. One huge plus I have for this phone is it does charge really fast.
Korean model light blue. Love it...
Update: the issue was solved. The sim card was the problem not the phone.i bought this phone to my wife, she is so happy with it. the only thing that could be a complaint is that in my country lte does not work with it.telephone carrier Claro Ecuador
good package .. Nice phone ... as per my expectations .. thanks
I am enjoying it. Still learning about the various features.
Its the perfect phone 5 stars
Stylish phone with several useful apps
I knew the galaxy s6's to be really good phones. Now that I have one of my own, I know for sure its beyond great. I love the color, and its super fun seeing peoples reaction to it. Also very sturdy, and the gorilla glass covering it all has proven very effective in protecting it. The camera is about as good as anything you would find even in dslrs. Couldn't ever say enough about how great this phone is. But as a final note, the battery life is beyond satisfactory. I am easily getting 14 to 16 hours on a regular basis.
So far is the best smartphone that i have used, great video resolution, processor runs very fast, much better than the Iphone.
Hands down, best phone ever
Work Perfectly
Everithing was exellent. The Phone is great and the shipping was faster than I thought. Fantastic shopping experience.
This phone was exactly what I expected. I recommend that anyone interested in purchasing this phone to get it. You will not be disappointed.
Good phone, no issues.
Everithing excellent.-
Good
very well
Excelen very good I love this phone
fast shipping and beautiful cellphone
excelent
Gift for a lady. She loves it but her kids promptly broke the screen. Bought it to use in Mexico.
been black out.. won't turn on..i searched i found answer online...now its doing good
Quite handy and worth the price. I have become more health conscious as I am now able to keep truck of lifestyle and unhealthy habits.
Highly recommended!
Very good product
Love my phone!!! Didn't have any problems when connecting to my server.
10!!!
This was definitely tge best product ever. everything was perfect. thanks seller
The phone looks so clean I thought I purchased a new one.my only problem is that I was given charger and earpiece but I later realized I got what I bargained for .to some it up.it was a great bargain
excellent product!!!!
love it
Nice little cell phone, it does the work.Battery: ☆☆☆☆ It lasts about 7 hours under non-stop internet surfing, or almost 2 days under regular use at day + power saving mode on at night. It fulfills my needs.System: ☆☆☆☆☆ Smooth and easy to use.Size: ☆☆☆☆ A bit too big for one hand, but it doesn't really matter.Recharge time: ☆☆☆☆ Less than 2 hours with screen off.Life: Unknown atm. I hope it can last for 2 years or perhaps more.
all were perfect
Very nice phone, It's much better than the previus version. But I can't put an aditional memory card, I didn't like that.
Great phone
it was delivered on time, its not the US version but an international version of the phone does not have galaxy s6 @ the back but it is the real galaxy s6 which I was afraid it being a Chinese knock off so much third party sellers it hard to know who is reliable but I took the change and al is good so far
Brand new, sealed box, international version from FGS Trading...came with an international charger, but I have tons of chargers from old LG and Samsung phones so no issues there. Blue color on the phone is just amazing!! Operates just like any other Samsung product, so you have to be familiar or become familiar with Samsung products to get the most out of it...will automatically update to Android L 5.1.1. when you connect to wifi or insert your SIM card. Using the phone with the $30 H2O unlimited plan and getting 4G so it does have the correct bands for the U. S. This is the second international Samsung phone I've gotten from them, both times no issues whatsoever. They don't offer prime shipping is the only downside but I would buy from them before I'd buy from another seller that does offer prime just because I'm familiar with them.
A very nice upgrade from the S3 where the apps were so heavy that it was responding sluggishly.
So far I think it is an excellent phone, and a decent upgrade from S5
Excelente phone, excelente conditions
Awesome phone! Only small criticism is that the american outlet adapter that came with the phone was junk. I suggest buying an american charger along with the unit.
Great phoneand great customer service
excellent
Pretty good phone. No complaints
Best Phone e ver !
Excellent phone. Well done Amazon.
Great phone!
Excellent. .
Works great, with AT&T, no issues with LTE, but if does display it as 4G. Not sure about the region either because there new 5.1.1 update has not hit it yet even though it's been out for a few weeks.
My husband love it
great
Excellent!
everything came well and everything we is working.
excellent buy
very very good
More than I expected! I am in love with the rare topaz blue color of the phone. Not many people were aware of the variation of colors that could be found online. The space on the device is very impressive as well. I am used to getting phones that have only 8 or 16 GB but I have more than half of the space remaining on my phone and I have numerous apps, pictures, and music downloaded that I use. This phone is an unlocked phone and I was able to successfully add it to my existing Straight Talk service to replace an older phone that was broken. The service on the phone is great. The picture quality is better than the older Galaxy S5 that I previously had. There is a very crisp picture and video. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in this phone and the quality of it.
Excellent"""
Best phone EVER! The camera is the best feature. The picture quality is really excellent.The only issue I have, which also happened with the older model is that the battery drains and becomes warm when I have the wifi setting on. So I use my mobile data and it has no issues.
Best phone I ever owned so far camera quality is awesome
Great
Excellent
Love it! Fits perfectly and feels sturdy.
Love it
Great quality nice phone.
Nice phone
Great phone! And great seller as well. Fluent communication and solved some issues smoothly. Totally recommended.
Excelent
The batery drains too fast... :(
Having some issues with the slow internet response...unsure if it's the phone yet. It came new and clean along with plug adapter so I can use internationally or in the US.
i had a doubt that the phone might be refurbished but its brand new and works great.
Very good phone. It's almost faultless. The battery works only slightly better than Galaxy S5. A little unclear how to adapt some if it's functions to my preferences. It works very well with just a few niggles I don't like. The gold colour of it is barely noticeable.
I love my s6 so much but the screens sensitivity seems to be unresponsive at times. Like certain parts of the screen don't work immediately so you have to press it multiple times. This is definitely a real Galaxy s6 phone tho for those who are skeptical of the authenticity of this product.
Pretty good phone!
Great phone. Meets my needs but I was upgrading...
Great product! I absolutely love this phone...after a very disappointing experience with sony xperia I will never change my samsung devices
Overall it's a good phone, got the color in blue and it's gorgeous. The only complain is the battery life, you definitely need to charge it on a daily basis.
Great buy
No unpleasant surprises. It is what they say it is.
awesome phone
too expressive, could have it at a better price.
excellent cellphone: the future is now, as reads the advertises!!! it was my son's birthday present, and he is very happy with it!!
Great phone and was exactly as described. Only thing missing were the little manual but who needs that. Will check out later when upgrading and their prices are good!
Beautiful screen.Awesome display.Snappy performanceThe only problem I have with this device is the battery life other wise very satisfied
Its new and its working on macedonian sim card!
Absolutely wonderful. Was very happy.
great
Absolutely love this phone. I've had no problems since purchasing it, more than 6 months ago. It really is a beautifully made phone. I bought the gold version and still love it. The speed of this phone is unmatched to the numerous other androids I have had. Highly recommend.
LOVE IT
Nice phone
I did not appreciate the packaging that the phone came in, it looked halfway opened, and didn't say fragile anywhere on it. Would have appreciated more of an effort to keep my $400+ dollar investment safe! HOWEVER, quick delivery, (was left in my mailbox, which I both appreciated and though was strange as it said to leave at door) and I'm loving my new phone. Battery life is eh, I took the chance on it because the s7 is out of the question price wise, and I'm not disappointed, but the battery on my s5 active was MUCH better and lasted a lot longer. It definitely has an iPhone feel to it, definitely get a case, it's very "thin" my boyfriend described it as feeling fake. I'm pretty happy with the product and love the beautiful resolution and camera it has!
Great A++
Very good state of the phone
The best, happy with this purchase.
Perfect
PERFECT
It's amazing. It's really working great
good
I love it
Great phone! Everything arrived in time and with proper seals on boxes. The phone works great and has been a very joyful experience. Buy with confidence.
Really good
Great
Very good.
It isnt Black, Its blue.
Great phone, very happy I bought it over the iphone. My old iphone was fine, but apple is just too conrolling for me.
Excellent phone. I love it.
Nice phone
IT WORKS GREAT I LOVE IT THANK YOU , AMAZON !!!
Awesome phone it matches the description 100%
Hi I got samsung s6 todayNot much explored the phone but 2 things observed1) battery is very hot after few mins of charging , Is it safe or should I return back ?2) at the back of samsung phone , samsung 6 is not printed . Is this original piece . How should I verify ?
This is the best phone on market. The camera is amazing
Bought it for my brother in Brazil. He never had a problem with it. Works great, exactly like all the other Samsung Galaxies I have seen.Great option if you are buying your phone outside your country, because it's cheap compared to buying it elsewhere.
The phone is perfect, except the manual is mainly in Italian (I shipped it to the US). The most annoying part is that the charger came with an adapter to make it usable for America, yet the original charger has a European plug-end. It would be good if the manufacturers had let me know beforehand. Other than that, the phone is an outstanding machine.
I'm very happy with my new phone. Pictures are great, even in low light conditions.
bien
Perfect
I was worried about this phone but now I am happy I'm using this phone almost 4-5 month it's really good service everything is good but it's took little long time to get full charge anyway it's great phone I'm happy excellent condition hopefully it's going like that I hope
EXCELLENT
I like it work good for me .Thank
Perfect 👌
I'm absolutely in love with it
An amazing piece of technology
I need to exchange to galaxy s6 edge plus
Was exactly what was ordered, worked perfectly, but had to return because it was an unwanted xmas present.
very good
excelente producto
Recently switched from iPhone 5 to Galaxy s6! And honestly, I don't have any regrets! This phone is new, genuine, unlocked, and fully functional with many great features! Highly satisfied!!!!
My wife is really happy with this phone! And it was faster than expected shipping!
awesome! just expected.... a bit smaller than my note but I like it anyway. Thanks guys! I am a small business owner myself, appreciate you guys!Dee...SM Texas
The product was delivered on time and the product was exactly what they offered in the page. The product is working as I expected.
Works excellent!. Good price!. No problem with T-mobile. Very happy with this device.
So far so good... I only populated one SIMM but expect no problems when #2 goes in.
Excellent
Perfect
Very good phone and camera.
Best phone I ever bought
For folks who want LTE option on both sims -- this is not the product. Unfortunately, it wasn't mentioned anywhere clearly that only one SIM at a time can have LTE and the other will automatically switch to GSM (2G). I would have given it 3.5 starts, but no option for that. Software wise, one has to fish for things which more intuitive in the older models like S4Mini Dual Sim. I guess I just have to get used it. Battery life is poor though, if LTE is enabled, only way to get around it is enable the power saving mode.
Excellent phone - the S6 is definitely the best of the Galaxy line to date. Fast, high quality screen and camera, great touch, and feel. I would give it 4.5 stars - what are the cons?CONS:(a) (dual sim) you cannot associate a SIM with a contact/number - your only option is to have a box pop-up each time requesting which SIM to use for calling out.(b) Fingerprint authentication is iffy at times requiring you to enter your password(c) I'm definitely missing the ability to expand storage with an SD card - I'm already managing storage and its only been a couple months.
Very Good
Exceed my expectations. Thank you.
Thank you. The phone arrived perfectly, and it works very well.
I love it especially with dual sims so I can have to number. Instead of carrying 2 phone. I always have Samsung Galaxy with my daughter from 2,3,5, & 6
Solid reliable telephones that have a slight premium over their Chinese counterparts but the Samsung brand is worth paying the extra for. The S6 Duos has all the wonderful benefits of the S6 with the added feature of a second sim. Even with both sims active battery life is still better than S5 thanks to the marshmallow os that can optimise your apps so that battery life is extended. Great phone.
This is a wonderful phone for a dual sim. Got relieved of carrying 2 phones in the pocket. The look and feel is amazing. All my friends were envy of me carrying this dual sim phone. Moreover, the service providers were also surprised to see that such a phone is available in the market when I went to them to change my sim, since this uses a smaller sim than the normal one.
Very nice phone, it works perfectly. The only issue is that only works with 3G internet, not 4G. And the power cable comes with an Asian connector with an adapter. But the rest is perfect.
So far so good... Work beautiful and haven't had any issues... Dual SIM cards and all
It works like a charm. Is fast, is efficient. I had GalaxyS5 before and I won't miss it.I love the finger sensor !!!
I've purchased this item almost 2 months ago and it's amazing... I updated from the s4 to this and the difference is huge...I love how long the battery takes to be done...Using social media... listening music... taking photos... I would definitely recommend this!!!
So far so good
all OK, thanks a lot
delivered promptly and works as advertised only issue is how fast battery runs down unless in power saving mode
Good device
The phone is simply amazing.It looks good! Finally! As you probably heard before, the Galaxy now looks premium. The only issue I have is that as the back of the phone is made of glass I think its a bit slippery, but a simple case is enough to handle this.The battery is not really enough for me. I usually find myself looking for the charger in the middle of the afternoon. I would happily go for a phone 2mm thicker with a bigger battery.I'm really into photos and used to have a Lumia 1020, which is great for photos but only for that. I was afraid the sensor on Galaxy S6 could be too small to make good photos...but it turns out, I was wrong. The post processing algorithms are great producing photos that are really sharp and vivid. Its not on par with the Lumia in low light photos as the sensor on this one is almost 2 times bigger...but is good enough. For me, its on the same level as the LG G4 and sligtly better than the Iphone 6 Plus.This version is the Dual Sim version and it works fine for me. Im currently using it in Brazil and its working fine with the 4G networks here.Battery life could be better, but otherwise the best phone I've ever had...and I had quite a few.
marvelous phones!
The phone works great! I received it in the mail on time too. I was using Walmart's family plan on my old phone and took the new phone into Tmobile and had my number ported over to my parents Tmobiles family plan. Plugged the new sim card in and within a couple hours it was working like a charm with no issues.
Plus: Great hardware. Display, camera, speed, storage -- all absolutely top notch. You can read the screen in sunlight for cryin' out loud!Meh: Samsung's skin on Android. Not quite enough to bring it down to 4 stars though.Ugh: The contacts manager. Why so many duplicates, Samsung? Wah.
good
Great phone
Delivery was perfect and the product is really coolThe sale rep was very effective
I am very happy with the phone and the service I received !!
good
the phone was a good value -- ensure that your carrier has the proper bands so that the phone needs to have the phone work as expected
it was a gift and the recipient loves it!
Great
Everything was good!
Excellent Phone. Fast, very good apps, good camera, heart beat sensor, etc...
This is my fourth Samsung Galaxy: everything worked well as expected.
excellent product , I recommend it 100 % , I get expected in very good condition.
It's great
Great!
Great Phone! I think im gonna miss de micro sd slot, for the extra memory, buts it is ok.The camera is awesome!
Very good phone. Dual SIM works fine . Wished battery lasted a bit longer.
Excellent Phone!... Fast, can take a "loading" (various applications running at the same time with ease), and is a very good looking phone.So happy with the Duos function, no need to be walking with two or more phones!
Excelent. I recomend.
Got this phone for my companion he seems to like it the phone is dual sim got it from the seller perfect trading Inc, the phones unlocked works in the US and he is using simple mobile SIM cards if that helps anyone it does need the smallest sim the nano sim. He had a micro but all u need is the chip if ur careful h can cut that part of yourself and you'll be good to go. Delivery was good came when it said it was and the packaging was safe n all. The seller is nice enough to include a ac power converter for power cord, this phone is still international so the power cord it comes with is unusable with the converter...will update if anything else comes to mind
I had some concerns with the bad reviews other people had left but decided to wing it.And it was a good decision!!. Originally I had the s3 on Virgin mobile and was payingng only 35 monthly for unlimited data-text and minutes... and I really didn't want to switch to At&t or sprint because then I would be paying double that ... so I looked into buying a sim from straight talk.. they sent me AT&T(gsm)nano sim and I'm only paying 45 a month for unlimited everything and Internet at 4G speeds!!! The grate thing is when I go off to Canada I can stop my payments and restart whenever I come back to the US because there is no contract! !!
Great😃
Excellent smart phone.
Great phone. Dual SIM is a good solution when using the phone overseas in 2 different countries.Battery lasts all day - come back home after 9 hours at work with WiFi on and still have 50% battery power (on my previous phone Galaxy S4, the battery died even before I got back home). very clear screen, fast response and amazing camera.and I love the wireless charging feature.on the down side, too bad Samsung got rid of the replaceable battery and memory extension. and too bad they changed the bottom left key function (now it reveals ruining apps, previously it was opening the app menu). 3 competitive advantages they had over iPhone.
Great deal sim phone that is excellent in every way shape and form. Love that I can easily switch between the two sims and both are always active and capable of receiving text and phone calls. Stellar device and features.A+ seller with great items.
Perfect
Really excellent phone
I purchased this phone to replace my Google Nexus 4. Though I was happy with the Nexus phone, after nearly 3 years the battery appeared to be deteriorating. Google's new phone offering is much larger and I didn't want what amounts to a Phablet. The Samsung Galaxy S6 is only slightly longer and very thin and light. The camera is superior to my old Nexus. Apps are simple and easy to locate and adjust. So far, the battery life is quite good, but I'm usually using only basic text, phone and minimal data programs.My biggest concern was whether an "international" dual sim card phone would be compatible with my existing StraightTalk prepaid plan in Illinois. I ordered my new NANO SIM card and got the phone up an running without a problem. Originally, I struggled with getting the phone to receive data, which is included in my carrier plan. After an unsuccessful call to StraightTalk tech support, I realized the problem wasn't due to inaccurate APN settings, but because I had not selected the installed SIM card in the settings/SIM card manager option.The dual SIM card feature in this phone is pretty cool. You can easily purchase a prepaid international SIM card if needed, and use the phone abroad. Then you have the option of toggling back and forth between SIM cards whenever necessary.
works perfect in Mexico with TELCEL and still has available another sim card
met my expectations, really like dual sim cards
really nice phone
Loving the dual-SIM!
So far it appears to be working well. The phone is responsive and works with T-mobile/AT&T sims.I still need to research, but LTE doesn't show up on the screen, but H+ does show up on data sim. Not sure if I have to do special US specific configurations on LTE...
I order the samsung s6 after switching from samsung s5 duos to ip6s+. The pucture quality of ip6s+ and the apps which need ma(p were linked to apple map) were so bad. I already gave my s5 away so s6 duos is better replacement. After turning it on and transferring the data from s5, I can have my old apps/note/sms. The display od s6 is so nice. Quality of the picture is also nice. The only thing on my wish list is the micro sd slot. I hope it will come back in s7
Samsung Galaxy S6 G920FD Dual-SIM 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Octa-Core Smartphone - White PearlThe phone arrived promptly and looks exactly as described. The set up was easy and most, if not all, of my information was transferred to the S6 from my S4 fairly easily. I am glad that I can buy a dual-sim galaxy S6 through Amazon as T-Mobile does not carry it. The price is great. It will take me a while to learn how the various features work but this phone will be really convenient for my overseas travel. I plan to purchase an inexpensive local SIM card for calls while enjoying the free unlimited e-mail/text feature from my T-Mobile SIM card. Hope this phone will be as durable as my S4 which I have used for over 3 years. Thanks to Amazon and the seller for giving cell phone users in the U.S. a wonderful option to acquire cell phones apart from the phone plan providers.
Using phone with AT&T SIM in U.S. and Vodafone SIM in Germany. No issues with delivery, the phone, or getting both SIM's to work. Was surprised at how easy it is to switch between texting and calling from either SIM or data from either SIM. Receive calls and texts from both SIMS at the same time. Wish WhatsApp had an out of the box method for running two accounts with the dual SIM, but am stuck with only one. I use data on my German SIM in Germany and U.S. SIM in U.S.. Have not tried the other way around. After a month with Android still prefer Windows Mobile OS, but needed Android App support for everyday things like banking, train tix, etc. Really miss live tiles on MS.
I was told VB it was thorn away but my husband have it to our boss to get it fixed I love my new phone
I ordered this phone because I really wanted it. As soon as i received it I wanted to try it out. Beautiful piece of work but as soon as I was testing it out, My fiance surprised me with one that same day. Unfortunately i don't need 2 phones. So I did have to return it. Customer service was awesome.
Exactly what I wanted ! Im more than pleased with this item, arrived in original packaging with original headphones, charger, ect. No defects to the phone itself at all The only concern I would have is the packaging the item was shipped in was a little weird. It came in a cardboard box that wasn't taped shut when it arrived at my house so it was a little sketchy but everything I side was fine.
Thanks, love how sexy this phone is
I was told VB it was thorn away but my husband have it to our boss to get it fixed I love my new phone
I ordered this phone because I really wanted it. As soon as i received it I wanted to try it out. Beautiful piece of work but as soon as I was testing it out, My fiance surprised me with one that same day. Unfortunately i don't need 2 phones. So I did have to return it. Customer service was awesome.
Exactly what I wanted ! Im more than pleased with this item, arrived in original packaging with original headphones, charger, ect. No defects to the phone itself at all The only concern I would have is the packaging the item was shipped in was a little weird. It came in a cardboard box that wasn't taped shut when it arrived at my house so it was a little sketchy but everything I side was fine.
Thanks, love how sexy this phone is
Everything cool! Thanks very much!
EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND SERVICE.
I have always been an iPhone user and decided to try out Samsung. The phone is fast, storage is good, photos are great, overall the phone works really well. The downside, I always have to put the phone in battery saving mode otherwise battery will only last a short period of time and by short I mean half a day. Also, I bought a portable battery to avoid this,but this doesnt work with this phone. You HAVE to use the samsung charger, not just the usb but the actual charger plugged to a wall.
Love this phone, was not disappointed, easy to used. Would recommend!!
Great phone I love it
Like it
Excellent product and service
Excellent product and quality.
Good
Nice phone
Is a good cell phone, really powerfull and beauty ;)
Product is excellent☺☺☺☺
I only owned the phone for a few days, and I like it very much so far. The screen is awesome, very bright and sharp. It makes great pictures, although I was surprised to find out that you do not need to unlock the phone to take pictures. I see possibility of pranks and unauthorized picture taking. The phone works so fast compared to my old not so smart smartphone, it is amazing how things are changing. The phone is lightweight, charges fast, and the battery last for quite long time. I signed up for MetroPCS, my main complaint is that I had to go the store to activate the phone. They would not accept the phone online (they only list ancient phones in their bring your own page, probably to discourage people from buying phones from other places). Do not buy sim card from the store - online and at Walmart it is $10, the MetroPCS guy wanted $25 for the card.Update: I got second S6 phone (White) for a family member, and activated it with Ting service, it was very easy, I needed to order a GSM SIM card from them, and it takes a few days to arrive. You activate the phone with the SIM card then, not with the phone itself. I am thinking about switching my own service to Ting, too.
So happy with my purchase ! Have been getting familiar with phone all day and i dont want to put it down. Just received yesterday. Very thrilled with purchase.
Great phone!
Will buy it again. I recommande. Meet my expectation
very good
Excelente.
Very good qaulity phone.
This is great everything is as stated no problems !
Very good
This was a gift for my mother and she absolutley loved the phone because it looks beautiful, the screen size isnt obsesively big like most phablets today and it takes amazing pictures.Makes an awesome gift.
Fantastic product, arrived in time and everything was factory sealed. I wish the battery lasted longer, but that's another story.
I got my phone within the 2 days they promised. It is everything they described. Nice phone, however I had to get used to the programs. My camera did not have any modes other than panorama or auto. FYI, if you see that is the case, all you need to do is change the display from easy start to the other tab. Now I have all types of mode and downloads for my camera.Really love the phone and the company I bought it from was just as prompt with my concerns.
great phone
Love the phone, but knocked a star off for not being waterproof. That would have been a killer feature and why Samsung went backwards on this is beyond me.
Great phone. Awesome speed.
great phone
I love it...best choice I've made for a phone!!!
It's great
Excelente!!
all perfect good product delivered on time
Item is good and my wife is enjoying it. Takes great pic.
🖒
Haven't used it yet but it arrived in a timely fashion and was sealed with all the correct parts and accessories....
Yes I love Samsung Galaxy 6 it great
Good phone
It is unlocked and in seems genuine. There are slight differences that are of no consequence. (slightly blue tint in the casing in direct light and no "GALAXY S6" written on the back. I'm assuming because of the international model. But a very good phone. Fingerprint scanner is not quite as quick as the iPhone. Only real qualms with it are that it cannot be registered if you own it in Canada or the US. If there is a way, I have not found it despite hours of trying and calling customer services in Canada and the US. Samsung offices are not connected country to country. The only other thing is there is quite a bit of pre-installed bloatware that cannot be uninstalled. Otherwise a good phone and passes any real check I've done to be a real S6.
I brought the Samsung Galaxy for my sister. She is loving her phone.
Good One.
Great phone. Love the Samsung's UI which is so much nicer than the stock Android. Singed up for H2O wireless with no problems.
Excellent product and super fast shipping. Thanks to the seller. Had the s6 edge but got fed up with it when the screen breaks twice, the second time even with a case on it. Decided to try the s6. Love the phone and its being working great. It's just as cute and of same spec as the s6 edge but without the slippery edge.
Love the phone. Just sad they no longer have SD slots.
Awesome works wonderfull jus one thing needs a nano sim card a heads up
PHONE WORKS AMAZING ON METRO PC. This is a real s6. shipping was fast
Great phone!
Screen resolution is so vivid and bright. i love ny new phone. So happy I purchased it. The fact that it does not have a memory card slot or removable battery does not bother me. I don't think I will use up more than 32G of memory.
Great phone got it the next day!
The Samsung Galaxy S6 has been the best phone experience I have ever had and that means a lot. Personally I never ever stick with a phone for maybe more than 1 month. I'm constantly watching youtube videos and then buying the phone they talk about. But with the Samsung S6 I get all of those phone in one smooth and very beautiful phone. I love this phone and if you get this phone I promise you will too. BUY THIS PHONE.
Great phone. The packaging did not appear to be tampered with and once my SIM card was cut to the right size I was able to use the phone right away.
just perfect...
Very happy with the phone. Brand new and everything came with it
Everything great. Works great in mexico. I love it.
love it! great buying experience....
Amazing cellphone, it is a 6 stars in every aspect.
My phone is sleek and cool. I really love it. Shipping was very fast. For the price I am really happy with this purchase.
Hands down a great phone all issues fix from s5. Such as finger print scanner ( no more swiping), battery life is way better, Screen quality is also improved it also feature an ir blaster.Model sm-G920I is not compatible with Samsung pay but it not a big deal android pay works just fine.This model as far as I know it only works with gsm carriers a&tt and t- mobile. Maybe with cdma with a few tricks. Because mine was picking up signal without the SIM in the phone. If I get it to work ill post an update.
I love this phone. It came in the mail very quickly. And it's really easy to use. I got it in white.
I am very happy with my s6
Phone works great!! Super fast delivery. Thanks
Just great.
amazing
Very good
Good very good
Loved it. Works flawless
Awsome
Very good mobile. I'm using it in Argentina. Its functioning very well with 4G LTE.
Verry good !
Everything is perfect!
In the current time, it's working good. Now, we are satisfied whit this product
Wife really likes her birthday present!
T-mobil phoneBut i love it
Excelente
All excellent !!! very good product arrived on time and waited !! thank you...
They didn't tell me that the nano SIM card is not included so you have to go purchase it separately. Otherwise the phone is ok
The phone was in excellent condition and came with all accessories EXCEPT there were NO headphones. This being the only problem though, I am extremely satisfied.
I bought it for my mom who lives in Europe. So far she is very happy with this phone. I was little bit concerned with the fact that you need to unlock the phone with american sim before using it with any other card. But the process went smoothly. After making a call with an american sim card I inserted european sim and it worked perfectly.I saw that some people had problems with seals. I didn't have any issues, phone came in a brand new box with well attached seals. Also, I had no problems with phone being formatted to any specific language.
Phone works great, love the phone, with it being unlocked you do lose a couple features such as the ability to use Samsung Pay. But if you can live without a couple features you'll love the phone
I love it
Beautiful phone! None of the labels were broken. It's indeed a real samsung s6 with serial numbers lol... my daughter is gonna be so excited! I am using the Walmart Family Mobile plan with the phone just be sure to tell the salesperson to give you the NANO sim card SMH they gave me one that was too big at first so I had to make another trip and return it but everything works fine and the camera is amazing! ! Surely to put a smile on my daughter face in the morning for Christmas so thanks for selling at this price unlocked and thanks for the fast shipping. I am jealous and will be ordering me from you very soon 😉
Excellent product!
Everything worked perfectly out of the box. I'm using a WIND mobile sim card in the U.S. (roaming on T-Mobile) and it connected with no issues. The camera on this phone is really impressive compared to most phones and the fast charge is pretty handy when you have only 15 minutes to charge.
My husband loves those
nice phone
Fast delivery. Original and everything is as expected. Just got a sim card and it works great !!
Works well so far, no complaints.
Perfect!
Great Phone! Works beautifully, fast and efficient
Great phone but it had a dead pixel in the middle of the screen. couldn't fix that but other than that it works just fine.
No issues so farIt is an international version so US Samsung won't cover phone
Works perfect in Argentina with Movistar, in US with T-mobile when I visit the US.Camera is INCREDIBLE GOOD, so much better than the I-Phone 6. You will love it.No stucks, nothing strange.Screen is clear and big.Highly recommended!
thx
good
Great phone so far but when I went to use it for the first time after charging, it came up in Spanish! Fortunately I live in South Texas where I could get help with it quickly.
This phone was perfect for my intended StraightTalk use. I only had to buy a nano SIM from StraightTalk to activate it. Couldn't be more happy.
Inprove the expectationtsExcelent camera
the clear case protects my S6 from scratches and ect, while still letting it show its white color =)
Love the phone and arrived quicker than I thought.
Im soo glad that my phone is actually new. I was prepared to send it back if it wasn't new. Thank God i didn't have to.
IN LOVE! This is the first time I have bought myself an actual nice smartphone. I usually get those that are under $200. I LOVE this phone. It was packaged great, everything works great!
Best phone and camera I have ever owned!
everythin was perfect (sorry for my English) I already activate it.
fast, comfortable, beautiful
Very nice smart phone. Easy to use and works flawlessly.
Great phone. I liike it.
Perfect
I absolutely love this galaxy s6 phone. Is is unlocked, and is NOT a fake. I chose to get this one and not the edge or edge plus because I have small hands and have heard lots of complaints of touching apps when not wanting to.
Phone was able to connect to T mobile fine and gets 4g lte. Needs a nano sim card to connect.
very good
Great product just as described and fast shipping!
Excelente
I love it
So good!
Everynthing good, super fast shipping
This item was just as I suspected, I was kind of skeptical thinking it wasn't real because of the price but man am I glad I purchased.
Great phone no issues for me
Gratis timing! It arrived perfectly. I was on vacation but live in argentina, It works perfect here. I lo ve this phone! ! And gold color is such elegant and delicate color'
perfect
Broken seal, but who gives a crap! It works perfectly. Excellent phone, at an excellent price.
Yes! I'm happy with my new cell 😊
Great phone great seller, my son really loves it. It's better to buy one generation back it is so much cheaper for great features and speed.
Really like this phone. Upgraded from the Galaxy III and this is much more user friendly.
Yes
I updated from a galaxy S3 and I am happy with the galaxy S6. Had it for a short while but it satisfies my expectations.
Very nice
Great phone. Glad I bought one unlocked and then went to Straight Talk for service. Good service, good price. Only glitch is that the phone came with only a European charger plug. But the phone can use my old phone charger so its ok. If a phone is not packaged for the US, they need to say that in the Amazon description.
Its an amazing phone
I had no problem using this in a U.S. Territory. It is what it is. The phone is of great quality. The phone came with S6 packaging with the white box and all accessories included. The S6 has not given me any difficulties.
Slim phone and have Good primary camera.
Good
Excelent!!!
I love it
Samsung 6s phone is great. Love, love, love it.
Nice phone and I would recommend to buy. Has advanced features. I like this phone.
This phone is awesome! As far as I can tell it works just fine. I had ordered one before just like it, but sent it back because some of the letters on the keyboard didn't respond when you pushed them. Return was super easy, and now I have this one, and I love it!
I guess my only complaint so far is the battery life, hopefully Android 6.0 will improve it a bit. Overall great phone!
Got in time. So far working great. It comes with a headphone, a sim extracting pin, and a regular wired charger. It does not come with a charging base, which needs to be bought separately.
Excellent! I recommend it
Only bad thing about this product was that it did not come with a factory USB samsung cable. It was some kind of vietnam made cable, and rather than charge my phone, it would have the lightning bolt like it was charging, but it absolutely would not charge. I had to charge it in my car last night to get my phone to charge. Other than that, phone works pretty well
Everything ok
Im in love with this phone. I was surprised to learn that there wasnt a need for a sd card.
Perect
Amazon: excelent, as always!!!The telephne: excelent too!!
Initial Review 1. Build - Hardware: The build quality of S6 is top notch, if not better, then as good as the iphone. The photos in the website or in the samsung portal do not do justice to the actual look and feel of the phone. There are reviews that mention the s6 look similar to iphone 6 and I would agree to that. I moved from an S3 to S6. The S3 after 3 years of use, had become slow, but moving the same apps to S6, the apps worked seemlessly. 2. Screen: The 577 pixels per inches is pixel density results in a screen with crisp displays and super sharp and smooth images. 3. Software: The android build on the S6 has so far run smoothly for past 3 months and so has all the apps I have used so far. 4. Camera: I havent played around with the photo as much as the video. The video on this is just incredible.4K ultra-HD video. The color reproductions are like something out of Downtown Abbey.Yes, the battery life on a single charge is nothing to talk about. I get a whole days use. The upside is that the phone comes with a super charger that charges the phone to 90% within 30 minutes or so.Long time Review1-Month: We end up finding some new feature every time we use it.i. GPS navigator - We used S6 as a navigator while travelling to New York. Compare the 60's cartoon screen of an Garmin with 577 ppi screen of S6 and you willl understand why you WANT to use S6 as a navigator even if you dont need to. Google maps has an offline mode, as long as you have enough storage on your phone to download the maps of the location. The best part was that during navigation, an incoming call, would just should up as a smally rectangular bar with information about the caller and accept/decline button and at the same time, the navigation would still be displayed.ii. Finger Print unlock. Setting up is a breeze. there was a bit of apprehension whether if it will work. For one, the fingerprint unlock worked every time, the first time and again, there is a backup password (in case finger print doesnt work)6 month review:i. iphone6 and 6s have come and gone and after comparing the S6 to iphones my vote is for S6.ii. S6 continues to work without issues. The phone accidently dropped from 5 ft and there was no scratch on it - I did have a protective cover.
very slipper, very fragile.Good speed and wonderful camera.
Thanks you
Very high quality phone. Best Galaxy phone so far. Battery life just so-so. Fortunately it recharges extra quick(heats up quite a bit while charging) . Beautiful screen. Slippery, so a case is required.
Meets my expectations. Good camera quality, easy to handle
Excellent
I am more than glad with this phone.
So far as my first cell phone, I am impressed with it, but I am still learning how to use it. One thing however, it does seem to discharge the battery when it is on for extended periods of time. This may very well be normal, as I am an inexperienced user.
very nice working phone no problem
Satisfied, thanks
love my s6 Galaxy
Great phone
very good
The Samsung Galaxy S6 is an incredible android phone.
Great product from an amazing seller. It arrived earlier than expected and the packaging was perfect and safe. Great choice and price for buying an unlocked Galaxy S6.
No problems, just what I was looking for. Great size, shape and overall feel in the hand. Just like an iPhone but better. Recommend getting the cordless charging station - it makes charging so easy and also helps me keep track of the phone so I dont leave it around the house and lose it. I initially liked the fingerprint ID to unlock but found that I use my hands so much that it became less reliable. That's my only disappointment. Other than that, lightning fast and high quality from Samsung. Highly recommend.
Excelent. I recomend.
I was a bit apprehensive ordering this phone over Amazon. I normally buy all of my cell phones through my cell phone carrier. But I read such great reviews ordering through Amazon, I thought I would give it a try. (I already order weekly from Amazon, but never a cell phone). I ordered this cell phone and it came just as described, in new condition, brand new box with most importantly UNLOCKED. I simply took my old cell phone and this new cell phone to my carrier (AT&T) and the sales agent transferred all of information from my old phone to my new phone. It took only about 10 minutes for her to do this. It was that simple. I saved about $150 ordering the cell phone over Amazon than walking into the actual AT &T store and buying it outright. I am very pleased with my purchase. I love the Samsung Galaxy S6. It is slim and lightweight and lightening fast. And what I absolutely love is the super power charger that came with it. I had no idea that this little charger would charge my phone in 20 minutes. I can't say enough good things about this purchase. I will order another online. Great experience. Not problems at all. Very satisfied customer.
The galaxy S6 phone is very good but there's one thing that really disappoints me. Sometimes the battery does not fully charge and I really don't know why. Also, I think that the price is higher than it should be.
love it much better than my old iphone!
Very happy with this product. I got an external batery. So no fuss with the issue
It's perfect. Was not expecting it to be this great
good
It works perfectly in Peru. Extremely recomended.
Very good phone. Totally worth money I've paid. I had iphone for a long time and now I'm happy shifted to Samsung. It looks like a new era. Good job Samsung !!
VERY GOOD
Excelente
Excelente
very good ,my wife she like it
I love it so far@!!
i absolutely love m y new phone.. the sellers shipping was pretty slow, however the item is just as it said it was.. i ordered this in gold.. and the correct thing came,.. it is unlocked that means i get to use it with any network i want.. Only thing is that you need a micro-sim car, the very tine ones like what iphone uses. As for functionality, the phone is super fast and smooth,, it has no sticking no glitches NOTHING.. this is the best phone ever!! the camera quality is absolutely gorgeous, i feel like taking a million selfies a day... this is the phone to buy people
The phone is perfect and the delivery was fast thank you
Works perfect at colombia with movistar
All right. No problems.
Awesome, love amazon!
Buy it. Camera is great. Very responsive. A little bit too much of pre-installed apps but otherwise great. Battery goes for 4-5 hours of "full" use. Battery life is enough for whole day with regular use.
OMG ALL PERFECT
Great product, item as described, great seller, fast shipping!
thank you
I love my new phone......Thank you!
Best phone my wife has had to date.
It doesn't work out of network
I am in love with this phone so many fun features
Excellent
excellent product
Excellent!
good
very nice...
So far is good
great phone
great!
Excelent
Delivered on time, works perfectly
New tecnology in my hands
This phone is pretty good. The seller of this phone even helped me get it working on the phone service I'm on now.
Very nice.
I received my item just as promised and it is not a fake. I love it
It is a great phone. Very easy to transfer all my contacts and apps from my old Galaxy S3 and works great with Cricket Wireless.
The phone is great with T-Mobile. Gets even better reception then my HTC One M8 had. Was considering moving to Verizon until I got this phone. Camera is fantastic. Light, looks good, works well, no complaints as of using the phone for over a month.
Excelente
Great phone
Phone came within the Prime shipping timeline. Only gripe is that the description does not state that the phone is an international version (using it in the US). It did not come with a charger that I am able to use in an outlet. Not to sure what to do for warranty if I needed to use it.It's a great phoner. Works great on the TMobile network. I just needed to change everything to US settings. Super bright and vivid colors. The camera is great with a lot of settings. Seems like Samsung put a lot of their own stuff on the phone like an app store and various apps, that can only be disabled. The Flipboard Briefing is useless to me and cannot be uninstalled either.
Simply the best!!! Excellent camera!!!
Cell phone is A- FREAKING- MAZING... Beautiful phone
Great product, refresh designed, full of new features. Way lighter than S5, smooth UI. A bit overpriced still, hope price drops in a near future.
Extremely happy with my new phone, has everything that I was looking for and boy is it fast
This was a great phone but was programmed in Spanish ... had to be returned for that reason. Someone dropped the ball by not checking before shipping to customer needing English programmed device. (Very disappointing)
Una maravilla
I am very happy with this phone. The price was great, too!
beatiful, work great. fast, especially the camera. so many camera function that u never find in any Iphone. I love the surround shot, live broadcast, wide angle selfie. awesome smartphone
It's a bit slow, which is disappointing because it obviously didn't cost 100 bucks. Speaker isn't great either. Very pretty overall, but that's it.
Excelente
If you wanted a gold galaxy s6, this is the perfect one. There's no other better.
I took a leap of faith by ordering this without knowing if they gon send me a brand new one or a refurbished one, but they actually sent me a brand new authentic one. It also came very fast! Lol I am happy af 😊 BTW S6 camera is the bomb
I love my new phone. It is awesome. I just love it
So far I love the phone, but will not comment about it specifically.I just want to share about my experience, as before buying I've read reviews about "opened boxes", "broken seals" and "spanish versions".I was a bit worried when ordering but gave it a try, and I'm glad I did. I received a NEW, AMERICAN Galaxy S6 as ordered, everything looks genuine and in good order! I'd buy another one if needed.Cheers
It's great better pictures more memory I love it is awesome
Everything okay with it
Phone works great fast shipping
awesome
Genial
Like this so far. Not anymore. Defective. Hangs. Drop calls. Losses internet. I thought the problem was the provider but change provider ever since and still the same.
Good
good
I needed a new phone ASAP and i bought this from Amazon Warehouse expecting something to be wrong with it aesthetically as was listed in the description. The phone is PERFECT! No scratches, no imperfections and has a cool couple of tricks. Gold is beautiful and I'm happy i got it. Rapid charger is amazing and it keeps charge pretty much the whole day.
Excelent phone
very good
I got it less than a month ago and so far it's good
No words! This phone is amazing.
I've only used it for about three days but I think it should get six stars, I really like it. My previous phone was a Galaxy s3 and while it worked well, it had some quirks that irritated me. One was the way I had to close web pages. This phone fixed that, closing web pages is a snap. I use this on TMobile, via Walmart Family Talk with unlimited talk, text, and data and switching phones on the account was painless. The only glitch was this phone uses the Nano Sim Card but a quick trip to Walmart and $20.00 solved that. Well satisfied.
Great Product.
Haven't been able to use ir yet, as I'm waiting for the sim card, but its original as I coud see, which is the most important thing. Bought it for my husband, I already have the s6 edge and I love it so, I guess it'll be much like that.the only bad thing it has, is the battery, it doesn't last long, its the only critic I can do. Hear that's something they solved with the new model, the S7, but I haven't tried that one yet.
I love it! great price!
This phone has the best camera I have ever seen on a phone. It has replaced so many gadgets in my purse. Samsung did everything right when making this phone. I will hold on to it until it dies on me.
Just set up phone yesterday so not alot of usage yet. Screen looks more vibrant than the prev S3. Like what I see so far.
Thank you for the phone, I payed $ 49 to unlock the phone. But still great phone
From office use to entertainment.
Love this phone. It worked right out of the box with my T-Mobile sim.
***Beware*** This phone is an "International Phone" from Mexico and carries no US warranty. I was unable to register the phone with Samsung US online. When I called the Samsung (US) customer service they were unable to validate the IEMI, Serial or Model numbers. I contacted the seller and he quickly responded telling me that the phone was an "International Phone" and he could sell me a warranty insurance for $60. I loved the phone but I am not willing to accept something which was misrepresented in the ad. There was nothing in the product description to indicate the phone was "International" and as such carried no US warranty.I have returned the phone and purchased another Samsung Galaxy 6 (with US warranty included) from Best Buy now on sale for $499.
great phone! said it was compatible with straight talk but its not!
Good
Best phone ever made!
Works as it should. As described.
I have nothing negative to say about this phone. It is Awesome! The best smart phone I have ever owned. No problems with setting it up and easy to use.
Very good cell phones everthing that I need and wanted .
Over all good
You cant make video calls on it though.
best phone i ever had...calls are clear...speaker sounds loud...display is great...camera is awesome..phone is stylish and light weight
Really good smartphone =D
I have the phone two weeks now and has met my expectations great phone.
Superb, shipment so fast.
phone is ok but AMERICA sim card onlyso I can not use it
PERFECT
I recomend this product and this seller!!
The seal was fake but the phone is perfect
Awesome Phone
all was according to the expectation
awesome i can't believe i got it
Top of the line cell phone. Met all my expectations. Very well priced. Having a blast with this phone!
Ordered this with some concerns. When I received it there were no problems. It was in an original box with an original seal. The box said it was international but the product is unlocked and works with Att, cricket, metro, and t mobile
L O V E
It completes with the latest Apple can offer.
The phone came brand new....However I think something is wrong...there are always connection issues.mim always sounding muffled, the connection always break up... I fist thought it was my location, but when I found it happens all the time no matter where I am, I tested the connection with another phone. It tu no out my phone as an issue. I'm no expert but I was told maybe it has to do with the unlocking of the phone... I also found it can get hot when the battery is dying as well...
Very nice
All ok. Perfect. Thanks for all
Awesome phone! everything about it is just as described and expected. Screen is crisp and clear and software is very user friendly. Camera is great! Pictures come out better than ever expected. Wasn't sure if the phone was gonna be too large but it's not. The only issue would be if the volume buttons were farther down side of phone in the same location as the power button it would help. Very happy with phone and would recommend it to others.
This phone has been amazing so far .
Awsome ..love this phone!! Came in perfect condition...no broken seal!!..100% satisfied!
looks cool...i like it. works perfectly so far...thanks guys...
I'm in love with this phone this phone takes mice pictures is everything that iPhone 6 don't have
It is good when you're familiar
All good with this purchase. in time, optimal quality.
This is my first Samsung galaxy phone, and I feel that this experience is great because this phone is the best smartphone on the market right now, therefore I feel happy and excited to have that kind of phone.
It was good as I thought it gone to be. The one I see ìs if stop working were do I go for repair work.
10 puntos excelente!
excellent product, guarantee the jente, they are very fast and powerful, and work great
All perfect
This product got at my house one day before it was suppose to. The phone works really good and it's beautiful to.
It is very nice it running slow
I love my phone
Yes it did
Excelente
I've been using it for one month already and great so far
Love it thank you so much. My daughter has her own phone back
Amazing phone it's as fast and snappy as a phone can get. The battery life is not the best but is not bad at all. TouchWiz is much better in this generation and if you don't like how it looks you can change it all with a theme.
This is shahana hashem.Something wrong with my phone.I need to change my phone
Best phone i ever purchased. Worth every penny.
Excellent choice!! Perfect delivery.Good price.!!!
The best cellphone
Arrived on time. Works like a charm! Replaced an Iphone that I didn't like at all.
Have been burned before with another company on a different phone. Had to send back. Not this one. Great phone, great price, Great fast service.
Phone is pretty light weight esp compared to my last windows phone which was cumbersome to haul around. Battery needs recharging about every other day. Sharp camera. This was my first Samsung so had to ask another user re retrieving voice mail & recording and sending videos but this is a great phone. Definitely needs a case bc it is smooth and slides around on any surface.
great phone I love it
The main reason I chose this phone was speed, and S6 has that in spades. I write software for a living and tried many things to keep my old phone fast, yet despite sticking with Android 2.3.3 and refusing to update apps or install much of anything, web browsing had become an act of click a link and wait 1-5 minutes for it to load, then the screen would stall repeatedly as I tried to scroll through to read the page. If I had to click another link, the waiting process began again. Although other apps on the phone were reasonably fast, web sites had bloated enough that browsing was intolerable with a phone released in 2010 and many sites would not function correctly unless I updated the browser and made things even slower. The same sites on S6 work great, are nearly instant to load, and there's no lag at any time. It's amazing.I went from a Google G1 to G2 (HTC Vision) because I didn't want to lose a physical keyboard, but I'm happy to say that the screen on the S6 is so large that I have no problem typing accurately without a physical keyboard. The screen clarity and resolution are insane. Some big-name reviewers claim there's no point in having so much resolution, but it's really a joy to see tiny, clear labels with extra info in various apps, to look at photos with absolutely no pixelation, and to remote-control other computer screens with no loss of detail. The S6 at 2560x1440 pixels has more resolution than my desktop monitor at 1920x1200!The camera is even more impressive with its 5312x2988 max resolution. It's got enough res to virtually zoom in to 8x during photo or video recording without complete loss of detail. The camera beats my Canon Vixia HF100 1080p camcorder by a mile with better resolution and much more detail in the lightest and darkest areas. Big review sites say this is pretty much the best phone camera on the market and it's nice to always have a good camera with you for unexpected shots. Even the focus speed is far faster than the camcorder and the phone has a built-in ability to do awesome things like stitching panoramic shots together as you pan the phone across a landscape or taking shots with multiple focus points and combining them to make everything clear. Of course the camcorder can still zoom farther with optical zoom to catch distant wildlife so the phone isn't a complete replacement for it.Review sites consistently say the big negatives on the S6 are its battery and its delicate glass and aluminum construction. The construction can be fixed with a case like Spigen Capsule Ultra Rugged, but I was surprised to find the battery can also be fixed with a few tweaks that weren't mentioned by all those big professional review sites. During the phone's initial setup screens I chose to set up a Google account, but did not set up a Samsung account or enable any Samsung features it gave options for. I also declined sending usage/diagnostic info to Samsung or Google. The first night I went to bed with the phone fully charged and pretty much only stock software installed and it was down to 56% the next morning. Terrible! Using Settings > Applications > Application Manager, I disabled the following apps and battery drain went from around 44% that first night to 3% the next night!ANT Radio Service, ANT+ Plugins Service, Briefing, Dropbox, Facebook, Gmail, Google Partner Setup, Google Play Books, Google Play Games, Google Play Movies & TV, Google Play Music, Google Play Newstand, Google+, Hangouts, Instagram, Live Weather, Memo, OneDrive, Photo Screensavers, Print Spooler, S Health, S Voice, Samsung Galaxy, Samsung Link Platform Connect, Theme Store, Virtual tour, Weather DaemonBased on what I've read, these are all safe apps to disable. In fact, unless you root the phone, I don't think the phone will let you disable anything unsafe because the disable button was greyed out on about half the things I looked at. Now I don't know which of the above apps are the real battery hogs, so if you see something up there you actually want to use, hopefully it won't kill your battery to enable it. The phone also comes with a "Smart Manager" app where you can click "RAM", then "Manage Apps" tab and set particular apps to be killed 10 minutes after the screen is turned off. So if you find a particular app is killing your idle battery, adding it to the list might help. It doesn't look like you can add any of the stock software to the "auto stop" list, unfortunately, but maybe if some of the things above were enabled they would appear on the list.Over the next few days I installed all my usual apps, including Avast! antivirus which I was worried about, and the phone remains blazing fast and still loses almost nothing with the screen off. In fact I think it was 73% when I went to bed and 73% when I got up this morning. Batteries don't lose power linearly so it doesn't seem unreasonable that it's sticking in the 70s.I kind of wish they'd have given it a larger battery anyway, since most of its competitors have larger batteries, but that would have added to the weight and for my use, the current battery seems to be more than enough. I don't go out a lot or spend much time using my phones, but when I do have a bit of down time, it will be nice to browse the web without the horrible lag. The other thing that worries me is previous phone batteries have always swollen after 2-3 years and forced me to replace them. This is mostly due to bad phone hardware not limiting the battery charge so extra current just gradually damages and swells the battery. I eventually worked around it using Tasker to turn the charger on/off using an X10 module and keep the phone between 70-80% charge. I've had zero swollen batteries since then and will do the same thing with the S6. But for those that always leave it on the charger to keep it at 100% most of the time, I'm worried the battery will swell and crack the glass back of the phone. Hopefully Samsung has set the charger system up to prevent that but it was a big problem with my last two phones. I recommend trying not to leave the phone near 100% charge just in case.Another reason I wish they'd put in a bigger battery is that the phone would be thicker and they wouldn't need to leave the camera sticking out of the back. Having the camera like that is ridiculous and forces everyone to buy a case that protrudes enough to protect the camera from slapping down on a hard surface and cracking. That camera is definitely by biggest fear when it comes to damaging this phone and I'm sorely tempted to buy a case that covers the back with thick rubber right up to near the edge of the camera. Yet that ruins the beauty of the phone's back so the camera design just sucks. I've never bothered with cases on my previous phones because I so rarely drop them, although they've each survived a few falls over the years, but the S6 looks so fragile I ended up using Spigen Neo Hybrid EX to give it some protection and to prevent the camera from contacting a table surface when the phone is on its back. The case has feet at all four corners that give it enough thickness to prevent the camera touching, but if any of the small feet end up off the table the camera still touches, which is annoying. I had to add extra padding to CHOETECH QI Wireless Charging Pad to keep the camera from scraping on it.If you do need a bigger battery there are cases you can buy with a battery built in. Such cases do add weight and usually block the wireless charging ability of the phone, though it would make sense if they developed a battery case that could charge itself wirelessly.Fast charging:I doubt I'll use it much, but the phone comes with a special "adaptive fast charger" that will take the phone from 5% to about 50% in 30 minutes by dumping in 9V instead of the usual 5V. Charging speed is reduced the closer the phone gets to full. The fast charger is supposed to detect what it's connected to and operate at 5V on normal devices, but I read that someone plugged it in to a PS4 controller and fried the controller. They repeated the experiment 3 more times (dishonestly returning the broken controllers to the store to exchange for new ones) and it happened every time. Of course, maybe the guy was lying to get attention or had a defective fast charger, but he sounded serious so I figured I'd pass on the warning not to risk using the fast charger on anything other than the phone.Wireless charging:Samsung seems to have put its charging coil at a slightly non-standard height in the phone because every upright wireless charger I looked at had complaints that the S6 would only charge on its side or upside down. The CHOETECH charger I link above had the fewest complaints, but the phone still doesn't always link with it in the upright position. Interestingly, when I added the Spidgen bumper "case" to the phone, it connects to the charger with pretty much 100% reliability so maybe Samsung had their thinking cap on assuming almost nobody would use the phone without a case and they positioned the charging coil so it's appropriate only with a case. Still, I think the coil is barely within alignment tolerances and so the phone charges slowly. Also note that although I've seen sellers of wireless chargers claim they can "fast charge" the phone, the charging coil in the phone is not physically able to take in power as quickly as the 9V wired fast charger can put out. In fact, I've seen complaints that wireless charging can't always keep up with the amount of power this phone uses to play video or do other things with the screen on. I have a feeling that's because the charging coils aren't aligning well and/or the phone hasn't been tweaked to limit the amount of background crap it's constantly doing with some apps.Rooting:Samsung has special hardware protection that will permanently mark your phone as compromised if you root it using most methods, though there are some ways around it. When your phone gets marked, they call it "blowing the KNOX fuse" and supposedly if that happens you can't use Samsung Pay and your warranty might be voided. I've rooted my previous two phones but haven't generally found the extra "powers" to be useful so I'm leaning towards leaving the S6 stock.Thumb-print scanner:This is a very cool way of protecting your phone from unwanted users, although it's really a false sense of security. It will likely guard against friends or family mucking with your phone, but a thief (or a techie friend/family) can reboot the phone holding power, volume up, and home button to enter a bootloader mode where they can overwrite the boot loader and get at the phone's data. So the thumb scanner and the "find lost device" features might slow or stop someone who doesn't know what they're doing, but a real thief will turn off the phone as soon as they have it and never boot it to let you find it again. Anyway, the thumb scanner itself is decent but I seem to hit it at the wrong angle at least a third of the time and have to carefully move my thumb to be perfectly straight and centered on the scanner. I thought maybe if I moved my thumb to various slight angles and off center during thumb print training it might help but it seemed to make it worse. Then I thought maybe I could set up three versions of my thumb - straight on, slightly left, slightly right - but you can only program four finger prints total. So I trained it for both my thumbs and one index plus one for my wife. It's a disappointing limitation. Using the thumb scanner is reasonably fast when it works, but it feels slower than a simple pattern I used with my old phone, so I'm not sure if I'll stick with it.You can wake the phone by pressing the thumb scanner button but if you don't lift your thumb off and put it back down after pressing the button, it never scans it as a valid thumb print. This is very annoying. We also discovered that if you fail to scan your thumb too many times, the phone locks down and _requires_ you to type the backup password. I'm not sure how many failed attempts turn on lockdown, but my wife caused it to happen on a trip when she repeatedly unlocked the phone to take photos. If you don't have your unlock password memorized and it's written on a paper at home, this could ruin a trip. This "feature" is even more annoying in that it doesn't say the phone has disabled the thumb scanner. Instead it shows the normal lock screen but when you put your thumb down it does nothing - no unlock and no vibrate to indicate it didn't recognize your thumb. I thought maybe my thumb scanner had broken but after typing the unlock password it's worked fine for days.In "Settings > Lock screen and security > Secure lock settings > Smart lock" you can enable other methods of unlocking the phone. These include saying "OK Google" in your voice, having the phone at a particular known GPS location, having the phone paired to a trusted bluetooth device (car, watch, etc), or having the phone up against an NFC (Near Field Communication) sticker. Of course, if you tell the phone to remain unlocked when near your watch, and a thief demands your watch and your phone, well... You can also tell the phone not to lock as long as you're holding it or have it in your pocket. I have no idea how it knows when you're holding it or have it in your pocket, but the description of the feature claims it knows that somehow."Gold" vs "Platinum Gold" color:The Amazon listing shows a choice of Gold vs Platinum Gold color. I picked "Gold" and was excited to finally be getting a gold phone, but the box that arrived showed "Platinum Gold". ARGH! Researching online, it appears the S6 is only made in 3 colors: Black, white, and platinum gold. So the "Gold" option on Amazon is a mistake. The phone has a hint of gold to it in certain lights but most of the time it looks silver and the gold tone is never more than subtle.Overall an amazing phone. Screen and camera quality are perfect. My only complaints are smaller than average battery and the camera that sticks out the back. For my uses, the battery size doesn't matter. If I ever crack the camera due to its ridiculous sticky-outy design, I'll probably come back and knock a couple stars, but for now I'm happy.
Both phones are working excellent. At the beginning we were a bit concerned of buying two phones that were supposed to be used in Argentina, buy now I will change them again in the same way we did it thid time
Excellent. .100%
Everything ok
My phone was great love it
Well I received my phone today and by reading the reviews last night I was extremely worried so when my phone came I checked my phone step by step based on the reviews. for example: 1. The package/seal was NOT broken. 2. It was UNLOCKED. 3. Phone language was in ENGLISH. 3. My phone is a REAL Samsung S6. 4. Phone works GREAT on Cricket network. 5. My camera front and back WORKS GREAT. So based on the reviews I did NOT experienced non of that (THANK GOD) I LOVE MY NEW PHONE.....
Met all expectations
Very good 5+++++
PRODUCTO MUY BUENO
Absolutely love! I have this phone for straight talk and it's amazing .
Although doubtful at first that a samsung s6 would be this cheap, I got this for my sister at her request since she didn't trust the cheaper options on ebay. After checking it out, I can guarantee it is not a fake. The performance and build of the phone is solid with a beautiful screen but then again its a samsung with a hefty price tag. I personally own and love my one plus one which is so much cheaper yet just as snappy. Although the samsung has a better screen, somewhat better looking, and better camera, considering that you can get two for the price of one samsung it is worth it. I'm not gonna bother listing stats because you can google those. Anyways enough about my phone now. I got this with one day shipping and it came quickly and yea thats about it. Heads up about the platinum gold though, the glare when under light is pretty bright and it doesn't look as gold as we would like it. Also the back is glass so please put a case on it or else it will be filled with light scratches and fingerprints by the end of the day you get it. The fingerprint sensor is a bit iffy at times and theres a bug where the touchscreen will stop working sometimes but a reboot and a software update will fix that.
amazing
Love it! But to be honest, I thought it was counterfit at first because of the package. How wrong was I, I'm writing my review on it.
Everything was perfect
Ir a awesome
In Ecuador work well.
Is good
So far so good. Great phone good price
VERY NICE CELL
Nice and beautiful phone. Very useful!
great phone
The product was received in great condition and works fine.
Excelente
Love this phone. Nice upgrade to the s4 I had before. I'm glad I waited for this phone instead of the s5. My girlfriend has s5 and this phone has more features and feels sturdy with metal materials
Let me just say that this buy was absolutely amazing! It arrived when it said, the phone is beautiful, and brand new! I'm more than happy with this purchase.
Until today, after a month, it works perfect
Excellent
Im already loving this phone. Good customer service btw! Got an email from the company after purchase. No complaints. I came from the iphone community. I had an iphone 5 for a few years and i wanted a change . Had to get used to it being more complex than the iphone but this works brilliantly and the fingerprint lock works like a charm!!!!!!
Bought it as a present for my uncle and he loves it. Thank You.
Works perfectly.
good phone
Excellent product
Excellent camera (main purchase reason). Easy to use interface. Long battery life. Who could ask for more?
So far so good. I really like this phone. After a short learning curve from my old S2 it is a very good phone. No issues, good battery life, excellent video and camera. Very satisfied after 1 month.
Excellent phone
Awesome phone
Excellent!
Absolutely love the phone.
A smooth modern design with a great camera make this phone a stunner.
Good phone. Wish battery life was better.
I love this phone..I need to get used to all the stuff on it..went from a flip phone to this. love the photos..thanks
Exactly what I ordered. The phone works perfectly.
Nice phone, no battery issues.
Excellent phone. I like it :)
Works perfectly fine in Venezuela
I'm putting 5 stars for the phone itself, however, I had to return this phone and buy it from my carrier instead. When I did the math it was cheaper to buy this phone from here instead of my carrier. However, at the time I didn't know that an unlocked phone doesn't have some of the features that locked phones have. One of those features is wifi calling. I need wifi calling because I have poor signal in my home. But the phone only has that feature on it if it is bought from a carrier. The phone itself is amazing, I highly recommend the Galaxy. However, if there are certain carrier-only features that you want, don't go with unlocked.
Not working on roaming
Love it!!! All I had to do way buy a new SIM card and I was ready to go.☺
good product at a great price
very Good Product, and good seller
very happy with my Samsung Galaxy S6 phone.
My S3 started acting ginky and, after three years, it was time to move on. Since I travel abroad regularly, I wanted a phone that would take foreign SIMs. But mostly, I wanted a phone that won't freeze on me. This one fits the bill perfectly. The only drawback is how poor the fingerprint technology is. But I lived without it before, I have no problem living without it now.
Huge monster memory, great price for a great phone, Charger comes with an adapter, makes it bulky but works great. In language selection there are lots of asian languages but no spanish. The problem is the battery, it doesn't last for a day, don't know if maybe it is old, or what.
It' work very well, i love it.
Everything was perfect, the phone is in perfect condition! I recommend it!
Received this and bought a sim card through my carrier and it works great. Had it about a year and a half now and it still works great.
Excllent
Amazon: excelent, as always!!!The telephne: excelent too!!
Initial Review 1. Build - Hardware: The build quality of S6 is top notch, if not better, then as good as the iphone. The photos in the website or in the samsung portal do not do justice to the actual look and feel of the phone. There are reviews that mention the s6 look similar to iphone 6 and I would agree to that. I moved from an S3 to S6. The S3 after 3 years of use, had become slow, but moving the same apps to S6, the apps worked seemlessly. 2. Screen: The 577 pixels per inches is pixel density results in a screen with crisp displays and super sharp and smooth images. 3. Software: The android build on the S6 has so far run smoothly for past 3 months and so has all the apps I have used so far. 4. Camera: I havent played around with the photo as much as the video. The video on this is just incredible.4K ultra-HD video. The color reproductions are like something out of Downtown Abbey.Yes, the battery life on a single charge is nothing to talk about. I get a whole days use. The upside is that the phone comes with a super charger that charges the phone to 90% within 30 minutes or so.Long time Review1-Month: We end up finding some new feature every time we use it.i. GPS navigator - We used S6 as a navigator while travelling to New York. Compare the 60's cartoon screen of an Garmin with 577 ppi screen of S6 and you willl understand why you WANT to use S6 as a navigator even if you dont need to. Google maps has an offline mode, as long as you have enough storage on your phone to download the maps of the location. The best part was that during navigation, an incoming call, would just should up as a smally rectangular bar with information about the caller and accept/decline button and at the same time, the navigation would still be displayed.ii. Finger Print unlock. Setting up is a breeze. there was a bit of apprehension whether if it will work. For one, the fingerprint unlock worked every time, the first time and again, there is a backup password (in case finger print doesnt work)6 month review:i. iphone6 and 6s have come and gone and after comparing the S6 to iphones my vote is for S6.ii. S6 continues to work without issues. The phone accidently dropped from 5 ft and there was no scratch on it - I did have a protective cover.
very slipper, very fragile.Good speed and wonderful camera.
Thanks you
Very high quality phone. Best Galaxy phone so far. Battery life just so-so. Fortunately it recharges extra quick(heats up quite a bit while charging) . Beautiful screen. Slippery, so a case is required.
Meets my expectations. Good camera quality, easy to handle
Excellent
Awesome phone! everything about it is just as described and expected. Screen is crisp and clear and software is very user friendly. Camera is great! Pictures come out better than ever expected. Wasn't sure if the phone was gonna be too large but it's not. The only issue would be if the volume buttons were farther down side of phone in the same location as the power button it would help. Very happy with phone and would recommend it to others.
This phone has been amazing so far .
Awsome ..love this phone!! Came in perfect condition...no broken seal!!..100% satisfied!
looks cool...i like it. works perfectly so far...thanks guys...
I'm in love with this phone this phone takes mice pictures is everything that iPhone 6 don't have
It is good when you're familiar
All good with this purchase. in time, optimal quality.
This is my first Samsung galaxy phone, and I feel that this experience is great because this phone is the best smartphone on the market right now, therefore I feel happy and excited to have that kind of phone.
It was good as I thought it gone to be. The one I see ìs if stop working were do I go for repair work.
Really good smartphone =D
I have the phone two weeks now and has met my expectations great phone.
Superb, shipment so fast.
phone is ok but AMERICA sim card onlyso I can not use it
PERFECT
I recomend this product and this seller!!
Quality and battery is good.
So far so good. Only issue is that the battery drains virtually quickly even though I don't have many apps installed. Also the camera quality isn't A1. Other than that, very good phone. Shipping was quick and easy. Phone didn't come with any seals broken or scratches. I'm a happy customer
It's so worth every penny.
I bought this phone for my father, and I can honestly say it is a good phone. Sure I'm a bit biased, being an apple person and all, but the camera quality was excellent, and the phone itself was beautiful!
Ordered from bayshineIt came to my house 2 days after ordering! To bad I didnt know I had to sign for it, so I had to get it from the post office.Anyways my phone looks brand new, and functions like it works perfect with tmobile sim but just remember to get a nano sime if you dont have it.The cord looked vvisibl used but works well and is long
It's a great phone glad I brought it. Very user friendly (for those who are familiar with the galaxy brand). The only and I do me only problem is no expandable memory. Though that was my fault for not investigating further. That aside it is a awesome phone!!
Yes
UP:great phone, now updates the firmware to Android 6. I love the style and new OS. It takes very good pictures, love the remote control.DOWN: the battery is not replaceable. so After a few years when it needs a new battery. you will have to pay an authorize repair, or some shady replace company, or do it yourself (ruin it and then get a newer model)
I bought this phone in November, I waited awhile to write review to see if there were any issues with the phone since it was "used" and on the description it said light wear and tear, I was hesitant to by it, but I was in need of a phone ASAP. It looked brand new, I couldn't even believe it was used. It was in great condition for a great price. The only issue I had was it didn't come with its original charger, and the charger they provided broke in couple of days. Other than that It was a great deal and it was in great condition.
Exactly as described. Perfect condition.
Just like new!
The phone was in very good condition.
The phone is awesome, works great. Came with the described casemate case, screen protector and back cover protector. Looks beautiful, with no scratches as described and it's the 64 gb version as stated in the description. Shipping was very fast, arrived sooner than expected.The only reason I'm giving 4 out of 5 stars is because the front facing camera has a big blue line across the screen with multiple blue flecks whenever I try to take a picture with it in low light. It's not right that this wasn't mentioned in the description section when clearly this is an issue.Overall happy with the product, but probably will not buy from this seller again.
Nice phone, works well.
I absolutely love this phone!!! The first one that arrived was defective but the seller was very very responsive and was able to replace my phone with a working one within a few weeks.
This case is good quality and holds my iPhone with a protective case on it without any issues . The clip is durable as I frequently put it on and take it off .
Seller did me right. Bought two. One worked well and the other didn't. But the seller replaced it. The new one works great
I was a little iffy about ordering a refurbished phone from the internet, but so far, it has been a great thing. This phone works great and I have had no problems in the last 7 months while using it. The price was unbeatable and the phone works with my carrier (it came unlocked and works fine with Walmart FamilyMobile).I definitely recommend purchasing this phone.
This is a gift for my son, I have not even seen it , but my son is really Happy with it, as far I know everything works fine
Good product and Fast shipping
This phone looks brand new no scratches or any marks on it. Works excellent.
Good phone, works very well. I was surprised that the battery was not removable and no sd slot. But with all the memory there is plenty on phone, so dont really need anymore.
If you can live without having an SD card slot it's a really good phone.
Works great and has amazing features. Screen hasn't cracked and I've had it for 3 months now.
Great Product.
Came exactly as described and earlier than the original time plus it's super fast
Tricky to get unlocked - all good now... phones great. Thx
Great product
Everything seemed to work fine when purchasing the phone 1 month ago and so far still is. The phone updates often which is good. I love it.
Great buy!!
Love my new phone - clarity, functionality, pictures, size of screen/phone. Phone condition as advertised. So great!
Bought this for the single purpose of Virtual Reality and it does that better than and other phone out there.
Good
So this came in dark navy blue not even remotely like the teal in the photo. This phone is basically a physical representation of your typical Tinder date, you don't get what you expect but you use it anyways because it's there.
Bought this for the single purpose of Virtual Reality and it does that better than and other phone out there.
Good
So this came in dark navy blue not even remotely like the teal in the photo. This phone is basically a physical representation of your typical Tinder date, you don't get what you expect but you use it anyways because it's there.
Good
I give a ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Because the phone came in his original box with there original headphones and charger and perfectly unlocked and ready to used, I was skeptical to buy the phone since he only had one review but I said let me give him a chance and see he can proved to me that the phone was what he said. This phone was a Birthday 🎉 gift 🎁 for my son, I just love the face of my kid when he open his gift. I want to thank you and I would buy again from you 👍🏼👍🏼
great phone.
its magic!!! I love it!
An amazing phone!
I just bought and I love it.The screen is really crisp. It is a great phone overall.
it is a very good cell phone。
Simply Amazing! Best camera of the market, top screen, very beautiful and well constructed ... My only complaint is for the battery: it could last a little bit longer!
I LOVE IT!!!
Love the new S6. Wish there was more battery life, but this is a great phone. Make sure you have a nano si!m for it!
bien
Best phone. Comes unlocked so you can use anywhere. I live overseas but travel to the states often and it is so easy to just switch from one SIM to the next with no issues.
Great phone. The photo quality and the video capturing is amazing.
ok
Awesome. Excellent smartphone.
I love the phone, however it would be better if it comes with the regular phone charger, not the European one.
I LOVE MY PHONE. VERY GOOD PURCHASED
The camera is amazing, the design is elegant and all the features in general are extraordinary, i was iphone user before and decided to try android. No regrets at all.
My mom loves it!!
Great product the charger is Amazing granted it looks unusual but it does the job very well and very Fast The phone is Perfect. Good like A1 Steak sauce
Excellent
Excelente
excelente
this phone is amazing, i ordered this phone in May 2015 and its now December 2015 and this phone has never given any trouble. I was scared to purchase a unlocked phone from amazon but for months this phone has worked well. I am pleased
Good
Arrived on time, works, excellent product, I'm a satisfied customer
It great phone. I loved using and video quality Amazing. However in the United states and I have Verizon. After a few weeks of dealing with them for over a week. They finaly told me that's this phone is not compatible with there signal. So now I have to return it and hope to get reimbursed. Only reason why im not giving this phone a one star is because the phone works. I got it to hook up to my wi fi and I loved it. I just hope this helps someone else out.
Love this phone! Is amazing, just I didn't know it was double sim, but that's good... And is very slow for charging...
Perfect. Thank you
Excellent
very good
excellent cell battery is the only thing that can not be changed and memory increase for the rest esoy very happy with my galaxy s6 ......
Thenks everything is good
Great item, It was a great purchase
Great phone, Gear VR has to be seen to be believed, go try it at a local Best Buy or friend's house today!I had trouble getting the data connection to work on my SM-G920F: dual sim International Galaxy S6 with T-Mobile in the US. I was almost panicking, thinking that I'd foolishly bought the wrong version of the phone, but I finally managed to figure it out. I had to go into the settings app (swipe down from the top to bring up the notification bar, click the gear in the top right corner to open settings), then open "SIM card manager", and under "Data service network" select SIM 1.You may have to adjust your "Access Point Names" settings under "Mobile networks" too, someone at the T-Mobile store should be able to help with that, since it's a little involved to type up in a review.
Great product
Excelente recomendados!
It was great. Its performance, design and quality are really remarkable.
4 stars because only once the screen was in off, no working and i had reinitialing push the volume botton - and power botton togheter
Great phone. Very complete. Very fast. Until now I had no problems.
Just as expected
Just amazing...
The delivery was perfect!
Very awesome phone..I like every thing on this device..
Excellent quality. The product was received in a perfect state. Everything works great.
I have purchase the Samsung Galaxy s6 and the kollea glass screen protector it is a great product ! I'm very pleased with iti!! I will recommend to anyone..
nice phone
It's really good and faster
International model OK working prefect for me I don't have no prob now I use it at the max and he work good
Value for money phone for its features versus IPhone 6 Plus! :)
Good buy PROS charges real fast, brilliant colors and easy to navigateCONS Fingerprint tech iffy
Well done on the delivery and functionality of the phone. Very happy and contented.
I Just got the device from amazon via FEDEX. I must say, this is the best ever high end smartphone they have made. the design is amazing feel good to hand. the application runs smoothly like butter. Touchwiz bugging no more. I would recommend to anyone who is looking forward to jump from iPhone or any other brand...But, I should mention that, once take it to your hand you feel like it's going slip easily from your hand like apple iphone 6. that's true. you really should get an a Bumper case because you don't wanna drop your 700$ phone on the floor.. .also I must say that, I bought this phone from a sella called "Saletagz" they did amazing job by shipping this item overnight as i was in hurry to my home for sometime. and the device was in tack in original box sealed.cheers
just awesome galaxy s6
perfectly. i like it.
I like the phone but have some problems with the front camera,
Thanks
Very Good!!!
Perfect. very good! !
I can't be more satisfied with my purchase. I love my phone, I have had all the Samsung Galaxy Series since Galaxy S3. So far the phone is operating as it should. I can't tell much about it because I just have had it for a little passed a week to today.I have not needed to contact the seller so at this point don't have any complains about inquires to the seller. I'm really happy with my phone.
Great
Great cell phone. Works much much better than expected. The LTE conections also works great.
I love it
very goog
Excellent!
its magic!!! I love it!
An amazing phone!
it is a very good cell phone。
Simply Amazing! Best camera of the market, top screen, very beautiful and well constructed ... My only complaint is for the battery: it could last a little bit longer!
Unbelievable phoneSmarter than me, but I'm learning
good
Bought for a satisfied customer.
I just received this phone its in new conditon I am happy as hell to get this cell phone that I will give to my fiance as a gift I know it is a great cell phone and they get five stars for service, shipping this is a $600 cell phone I am very happy with the product
It's ok. no problems
Very happy with my new S6
Fantastic phone. Works perfect in 4G LTE for Digitel- Venezuela (band 3 1800 Mhz) with a nano sim that you can get on your carrier. Fast delivery. All new and sealed. The pnone was as described and works smooth. The battery lasts 12 hours and the fast charger gets the battery to 100 % in one hour and 10 minutes. European charger with adapter included. I reccomend this beautiful phone and the seller. You can use in many countries because it is unlocked and of course in Venezuela in the 1800 mhz, 4G band, with the DIGITEL carrier. You may also use it with Movistar Venezuela.
Sansung 6 is a great phone, my old daughter enjoy so much with the new toy.
Great phone
Excellent
Exelent!!!
Very good
I love my phone! It works perfectly in El Salvador :)
Ok el producto y el delivery
AWSOME
Very good
great
ok
Awesome phone amazing camera
Just a great phone overall. The camera is amazing, which is exactly why I bought this phone. The camera does well in low light too. The many options on this phone are also nice to have, and it's very fast
The phone is a bit heavy for me. Its battery drains faster than I expected.
si agradable
Excellent product. Thanks
Excelente
Great phone. I love it! Came in excellent condition
Excellent phone, totally happy with my purchase. The color is just stunning! Delivery on time, I just wish I'd gotten a receipt with it, but the record of my purchase stays in Amazon's system so it's not a big deal...
Oh wow . amazing product . i will recommend it . but did not have time to use it like i wanted .
Excellent product. Working fine. I love my galaxy s6
I love it
Being an Iphone lover, I was bit apprehensive earlier to switch to Samsung for it's hot selling product. After one week of using it, I have completely fallen for this one. It actually justifies of being the 'latest' mobile gadget available in the market and it gives you every bit of it. Few points which make this one a must buy:SUPERB Gaming experience : I just couldn't stop myself from downloading a couple of games and the playing experience has been fantastic.UNBEATABLE Camera : Just give a cluck shot and you will fall for this one.DOESN'T HANG UP: Yes you heard it right,Get ready for a flawless experience.MARVELLOUS looks: This device feels so sleek in hand, for those who want performance and looks, this one is certainly the best steal.
Thanks for the cellphone. Though it took time trying to get a prepaid US carrier to work but it works well.
It is very good am in love with it
I love this phone it's brand new like the seller's says and I get very early I would recommend anyone to buy this phone
Great!
Amazing phone
Phone is just amazing. Solid as a rock. Battery life sucks but I don't give a s*** and you shouldn't.
Great iphone!
Actually everything was good the price, the sending time everything was absolutly perfect I loved it
Completely enjoy my new S6! Nano sim card needed. Easy to install. Very user friendly. Adaptive fast charging is an excellent bonus. LOVE the GOLD colour! The screen is incredibly sharp! Adore the front camera, excellent for all the selfies!
Nice phone
Good one but pricy
I'm not going to do a whole write up as it has been reviewed everywhere. I love that when I need to travel out of the country, I can get a local pre-paid plan in Europe and not bother with the whole overseas rates issue.
Its very pleansant my wife's says
Yes it's a legit S6 and works wonderfully here in South Korea! The camera is amazing just as reviews say...and its very fast...i am so happy with this vendor and product, that I've bought another!! Some sites will say this model is not legit Samsung, but go to Samsung site and research...you will see...this particular model was initially shipped to India. Also, some sites say 4G will not be recognized internationally on this model and you will get a hybridized H+ 3G...well i pay for and get 4G on this model...i waited until i posted review...and i am quite satisfied...thanks Amazon!! LRM
Love this phone very smooth nice size very fast amazing graphics for gamer awesome pictures even though I'm not a picture person it actually makes me want to take pictures
Love the phone
1000% recomendado
Great phone, will recommend it for those who like android
Outstanding piece of hardware. Brilliant job
Brilliant purchase no complaints so far.. rapid delivery way ahead of schedule.. two thumbs up... highly recommended
Good
Love it!
S6 is soooo beautiful and it runs really well. Well delivered.
I like it. It exceeded my expectation :)
Love it, but it gets super hot when you charge the battery , I don't know if it is because is all metallic or what ... but it burns!. Everything else works perfectly ! I'm from Honduras it worked fine with both companies Claro and Tigo
I absolutely love this phone. I was a little skeptical about purchasing as there were some reviews that said it was not an authentic phone. It works wonderful so far. I had some problems with automatic syncing with the phone but it was fine. Also, my phone doesn't have WiFi Calling option that Samsung cannot assist me with or my phone company.
Currently using it with AT&T Prepaid here in Washington State. Will be transferring over to Straight Talk. Will update whether it works as it's claimed.*Unable to check whether I am receiving LTE or not. 4G shows up on the status bars but have never seen LTE yet.
As my name suggests, I am a college student so I mostly use my phone for texting, Facebook, Instagram and other social media. Thus I would say I'm not an intensive user of all of the phone's features. I also do not play any games on it as I prefer to use my iPad for that. That way I keep my phone's storage pretty much at less than 50%. I switched from a Galaxy SII the T-989 version two weeks ago and have never looked back. I had a 16GB microSD card on my old phone and at first was wary of not having an option for expandable storage but soon realized since the Galaxy S6 has 32GB of storage that's more than enough for me and my daily needs. Thus, the non-removal battery and lack of the microSD slot is a non-issue to me.This phone is certainly a huge upgrade for me, basically everything is different about it. My personal favorite features are the LED light which my previous phone lacked, the fingerprint scanner, and the fact that I am able to reply to a text message from any app because there are pop up notifications. Previously, I wanted to switch to the iPhone because it had those notification features like pop-up notifications and notifications on the lock screen but now that the Galaxy S6 has those too I no longer feel the need for an iPhone. As previously mentioned, I do not use my phone extensively so I've had no issues with it so far. It is smooth, responsive and fast. I haven't any issues with apps crashing or the phone freezing (knock on wood!). I also really enjoy the battery life. With my previous phone I would have to charge it twice in one day if I used it constantly, thus I resorted to using airplane mode to salvage my battery life. With this phone, I charge it every other day if I let it go from 100% to 5%. It also charges very quickly. 1 hour at the charger without using it can get me somewhere between 20-40% extra life (I haven't paid very careful attention to how much I get from an hour).As far as the design and the exterior goes. It is not as gold as I had expected. It's definitely not as flashy gold as the iPhone but I still like it. The phone is thin and light weight and took maybe a day or two to get used to from my previous phone. I do have a clear case on it from Best Buy which protects everything it needs to protect and has a good grip. I also noticed that the screen is less fingerprint prone because I can easily wipe it with a shirt or my pant leg and all my fingerprints are gone.Also, I bought this phone from the seller SHOPEBEST and there was absolutely no hassle. With Prime shipping the phone was in my hand in 2 days as promised. THERE WAS NO BROKEN SEALS OR DAMAGE TO THE BOX. The phone is international so I was expecting a foreign charger, my phone is from the UK which I am actually thankful for. It IS the model SM-G920F. Everything was in the box, the little thing to open the SIM slot, the headphones, all the little booklets of information, and the UK charger with an American adapter. The phone was in perfect condition, no scratches or little nicks. I have Walmart Family Mobile as my service provider and I had no issue switching my service from my old microSIM to the nanoSIM. It took maybe 5 minutes on the phone and 15 minutes later my service switched and the phone worked like a breeze. My 4G is also working perfectly. I ran a speed test on my old phone prior to the switch and on this phone and this phone has much faster download and upload speeds. I am attaching screenshots of the speed test results from the SpeedTest app as well as pictures of the phone.
The phone is beautiful. But the home button has some scratches. And the phone is from the middle east. It came with some Arabic apps.. and on the calender I can't get off their Ramadan reminder.
Exelente
Perfect!!!
Love it
Good phone, battery isn't great though but fast charging helps.
I'm happy with my purchase. The seller wasn't stellar though. I have the habit of cutting labels with a scissor and not ripping them out. Guess what? I bought a "new" phone with a ripped off label hidden underneath an untouched label. The charger was also from Europe (the phone came with settings for European currency) but it's working and I like it so nothing else to it. It works well. The Golden color is gorgeous.
I am so pleased with this phone and would recommend the Samsung to anyone.
A very nice phone but I am disappointed with the memory.
Great phone- moved up from s2. Took awhile to learn to use it.
Excelent. (Y)
Excellent phone from the seller. I'm very satisfied and enjoying my phone! Props to the seller for sending me right away and adapter for this international phone!
A step up from the previous Galaxy phones. Fast, excellent display, perfect size.
Ok.
Excellent
excelente
great deal!!!
Was delivered as stated. Exactly what was ordered.
excelente
gentlemen I have just 2 months with my samsung s6 and the microofono hurt me to hear this really annoying pure advertising deceived me and I live in Venezuelaregardsmanuel romero
Works great all the features work Seamlessly way better quality than my iPhone 6s . Don't get me wrong the iPhone 6s is a great phone it's just that samsung has outdone apple this time with a 2k screen (Quad hd) better camrea and almost all spec's are better**Update had this phone for about 4-5 months now still working great just take good care of your phone and it'll last a lifetime
The phone itself looks gorgeous and feels amazing in the hand but my only issue is than when playing games like Geometry Dash the little square won't jump sometimes when I touch the screen and I think it's the phone because I have Geometry Dash installed on all my other phones and I had no problems with the other phones
Great product, excellent communication and fast shipping, thank you!!
galaxy is the BEST
Excellent phone
Exactly what I needed.
I purchased it for my mother and she loves it.
Good product
Good
Exactly what I wanted. Very pleased with product and delivery.
Every thing is OK. Device is perfect.
It's awsome. I love it :)
Great phone to have on my hand. Super fast and awesome features. Great upgrade.
This was a great purchase. The phone was brand new and in perfect condition. The only complaint I have about the phone is that sometimes the touch screen isn't sensitive enough and the selfie camera is a little strange, it makes me look airbrushed sometimes.... some people might like that. These are small issues, though, and they don't take away from me still loving it.
Fine...
Very impressed, I love to do business with this seller. The phone came on time and work perfectly.
My daughter is extremely happy with it, no complaints so far
Nice....
This is a beautiful device. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new device.
Love it
excelente
Loved
Loving it ❤
I have been using the phone for two weeks and am still learning what the capabilities are. The camera is awesome on this phone much better than my S4. I have read about short battery life but I have found it depends on how many apps etc are running in the background. My plan after overloading my S4 with apps I ended up rarely using that I was going to keep my apps I use without the crap I never did. The glass front and back and aluminum sides are a welcome improvement over the plastic S4. I have read alot about tips and tricks to get the S6 running optimally which I am working on now, good bye bloatware.
excellent product, but we had problems with the delivery. UPS tried to deliver in the next building, only discovered the error delivery to ask the neighbors. the delivery paper was posted on the door of another building
Excellent its samsung ok course! delivery was flawless
Best phone anyone could order. Features are beyond this world.
Bought this for my mother and she loves it. Very easy to use, quick and looks very nice.
5 STARS BECAUSE THE SHIPPING WAS FAST AND I LOVE THE GOLD PLATINUM. ITS BRAND SPANKING NEW. I CRACKED THE SEALS MYSELF. IM FROM THE BAHAMAS AND THE INTERNATIONAL VERSION WORKS PERFECT WITH MY PREPAID CARRIER. IT IS 100% UNLOCKED. AND 100% WORKING. ID DEFIANTLY PURCHASE AGAIN.If you like this review or if you found it helpful, please click yes below. Thank you!
As usual a great item from samsung.
Excellent Phone. Great Camera.
love it
Great
I've had it for three days. The phone is simply spectacular. I live in Venezuela and it works perfectly well with Movistar. Consider buying also an adapter, the one that comes in the box is not of good quality.
Amazing cellphone! Good price and all perfect!
Great mobile phone
Excelente
ok
Bought a GOLD galaxy s6 but I received a black sapphire one. -_- oh well it works great everything came in quicker then I expected :)
It was delivered fast and perfectly working.
I have read many reviews who h say that the phone gets a weaker signal than the at&t or the T-Mobile version of the phone which S are me a little but I decided to buy the phone anyway. I got the phone and I compared it's signal with my S6 Edge at&t version and this international version did show less bars but I believe it's because it's programmed slightly differently but the strength of the signal is the same if not better. I noticed that is some places where my at&t version couldn't load stuff because of a weak signal this international version loaded it my much better, also the phone came with the factory seal untouched, no fake one on top of it
arrived on time and is working. phone restarted on me twice since I got it just two days ago but I suppose it was my error with some unknown feature. looks excellent and I love the product . arrived on time
NICE PRODUCT
Very good!!!
Excellent
The phone is very nice -- not too many bloatware, lightning fast, sleek, except, as reported in many places, the battery is not long lasting. On the other hand, the charging speed is superior -- less than 80 mins from 0% to 100% with the adaptive fast charger.The one start I'm not giving is for the phone not straight from factor. Claimed by the seller in the reply to my inquiry email as "factory sealed straight from the manufacturer", and in another email where I complained not true after getting it "verified that there was not usage on this unit prior to it arriving to you". But I still believe this is not true. Before opening the box, I saw a smaller factory seal (broken) covered by a larger one. After opening it, I immediately noticed a fingerprint on the phone protecting wrapper. I didn't return it because this was the 2nd time (returned once to another seller) and no longer wanted a 2nd long wait -- certainly, I checked the CPU/memory/SoC etc. to be the same as S6 specs before making the decision.In sum, this is an almost ideal phone. Buy it from stores if possible.
Unbelievable phoneSmarter than me, but I'm learning
good
Bought for a satisfied customer.
It's ok. no problems
Very happy with my new S6
eautiful phone and it works
Really good choice if looking for a high-end android phone.
Very good.
Good Job.!
Awesome phone, so glad I bought it. Loads of apps and a great camera.
Excellent...!!!
Absolutely perfect. got here quick, works wonderfully with ATT, and I haven't had a problem at all!
great
ok
Awesome phone amazing camera
Just a great phone overall. The camera is amazing, which is exactly why I bought this phone. The camera does well in low light too. The many options on this phone are also nice to have, and it's very fast
The phone is a bit heavy for me. Its battery drains faster than I expected.
si agradable
Excellent product. Thanks
Excelente
I normally go back and forth between Apple and Android but I started a new job so I bought the Samsung Galaxy s6 as a means of new efficiency. I think its great so far.PRO1. Great UI. There are many things the user can control to his/her preferences which is a huge plus. Finger print password, managing apps, shortcuts, etc.2. Great color and clarity of screen. Good use of large screen without feeling bulky.3. Functionality. Works well with 4G. I've use Apple for most of my professional life and I can't believe how flawless and seamless the Android system functions. It hasn't crashed despite the memory-hogging, data-centric apps I use - unlike my previous iPhone.CON1. One annoying thing was that my SIM card did not originally fit so I had to go to my local mobile store and get it cut - no charge ofcourse, but they did seem surprised that a new SIM did not come with the package as it seemed the norm. But that was a small inconvenience to bear.
Love this phone!! Cheaper than rebuying one through T-Mobile after I just broke my Samsung 5 and I had it paid off. The dual SIM card is interesting.....make me want to travel about!
The phone works very good and I am very much enjoying it . I do have one note though. It said that no returns will be accepted if seal is broken and when I received it the seal was already broken. But the important thing is that the phone is working properly. Also the seller has been very kind to answer my questions. Thanks! I'm lovin' it!! :)
Happy very happy! Thanks
very good quality and fast shipping
Thank you
great phone but no memory card
It is a very nice phone, only problem that my phone arrived dead so when I took it to metro they had to charge it first. Other than that I have had the phone for a few days and I love it the battery life is not bad like everyone is saying. When I'm at work I have my phone on ultra charge and I put it on do not disturb at night and it lasted me almost two days. With any phone you have to train it dim the light battery saving and turning it off when you charge also at night put the screen to 0% at night....Love the phone
Sansung 6 is a great phone, my old daughter enjoy so much with the new toy.
Great phone
Excellent
Exelent!!!
Very good
I love my phone! It works perfectly in El Salvador :)
Ok el producto y el delivery
AWSOME
Very good
Great phone. I love it! Came in excellent condition
Excellent phone, totally happy with my purchase. The color is just stunning! Delivery on time, I just wish I'd gotten a receipt with it, but the record of my purchase stays in Amazon's system so it's not a big deal...
Oh wow . amazing product . i will recommend it . but did not have time to use it like i wanted .
I love it
Being an Iphone lover, I was bit apprehensive earlier to switch to Samsung for it's hot selling product. After one week of using it, I have completely fallen for this one. It actually justifies of being the 'latest' mobile gadget available in the market and it gives you every bit of it. Few points which make this one a must buy:SUPERB Gaming experience : I just couldn't stop myself from downloading a couple of games and the playing experience has been fantastic.UNBEATABLE Camera : Just give a cluck shot and you will fall for this one.DOESN'T HANG UP: Yes you heard it right,Get ready for a flawless experience.MARVELLOUS looks: This device feels so sleek in hand, for those who want performance and looks, this one is certainly the best steal.
Thanks for the cellphone. Though it took time trying to get a prepaid US carrier to work but it works well.
It is very good am in love with it
I love this phone it's brand new like the seller's says and I get very early I would recommend anyone to buy this phone
Great!
Amazing phone
Phone is just amazing. Solid as a rock. Battery life sucks but I don't give a s*** and you shouldn't.
Great iphone!
Actually everything was good the price, the sending time everything was absolutly perfect I loved it
Completely enjoy my new S6! Nano sim card needed. Easy to install. Very user friendly. Adaptive fast charging is an excellent bonus. LOVE the GOLD colour! The screen is incredibly sharp! Adore the front camera, excellent for all the selfies!
Nice phone
Good one but pricy
I'm not going to do a whole write up as it has been reviewed everywhere. I love that when I need to travel out of the country, I can get a local pre-paid plan in Europe and not bother with the whole overseas rates issue.
This is my fourth Samsung Galaxy: everything worked well as expected.
excellent product , I recommend it 100 % , I get expected in very good condition.
It's great
Great!
Great Phone! I think im gonna miss de micro sd slot, for the extra memory, buts it is ok.The camera is awesome!
Very good phone. Dual SIM works fine . Wished battery lasted a bit longer.
Excellent Phone!... Fast, can take a "loading" (various applications running at the same time with ease), and is a very good looking phone.So happy with the Duos function, no need to be walking with two or more phones!
Excelent. I recomend.
Got this phone for my companion he seems to like it the phone is dual sim got it from the seller perfect trading Inc, the phones unlocked works in the US and he is using simple mobile SIM cards if that helps anyone it does need the smallest sim the nano sim. He had a micro but all u need is the chip if ur careful h can cut that part of yourself and you'll be good to go. Delivery was good came when it said it was and the packaging was safe n all. The seller is nice enough to include a ac power converter for power cord, this phone is still international so the power cord it comes with is unusable with the converter...will update if anything else comes to mind
I had some concerns with the bad reviews other people had left but decided to wing it.And it was a good decision!!. Originally I had the s3 on Virgin mobile and was payingng only 35 monthly for unlimited data-text and minutes... and I really didn't want to switch to At&t or sprint because then I would be paying double that ... so I looked into buying a sim from straight talk.. they sent me AT&T(gsm)nano sim and I'm only paying 45 a month for unlimited everything and Internet at 4G speeds!!! The grate thing is when I go off to Canada I can stop my payments and restart whenever I come back to the US because there is no contract! !!
I am very happy with the phone and the service I received !!
good
the phone was a good value -- ensure that your carrier has the proper bands so that the phone needs to have the phone work as expected
it was a gift and the recipient loves it!
Great
Everything was good!
Excellent Phone. Fast, very good apps, good camera, heart beat sensor, etc...
Great😃
Excellent smart phone.
Great phone. Dual SIM is a good solution when using the phone overseas in 2 different countries.Battery lasts all day - come back home after 9 hours at work with WiFi on and still have 50% battery power (on my previous phone Galaxy S4, the battery died even before I got back home). very clear screen, fast response and amazing camera.and I love the wireless charging feature.on the down side, too bad Samsung got rid of the replaceable battery and memory extension. and too bad they changed the bottom left key function (now it reveals ruining apps, previously it was opening the app menu). 3 competitive advantages they had over iPhone.
Great deal sim phone that is excellent in every way shape and form. Love that I can easily switch between the two sims and both are always active and capable of receiving text and phone calls. Stellar device and features.A+ seller with great items.
Perfect
Really excellent phone
I purchased this phone to replace my Google Nexus 4. Though I was happy with the Nexus phone, after nearly 3 years the battery appeared to be deteriorating. Google's new phone offering is much larger and I didn't want what amounts to a Phablet. The Samsung Galaxy S6 is only slightly longer and very thin and light. The camera is superior to my old Nexus. Apps are simple and easy to locate and adjust. So far, the battery life is quite good, but I'm usually using only basic text, phone and minimal data programs.My biggest concern was whether an "international" dual sim card phone would be compatible with my existing StraightTalk prepaid plan in Illinois. I ordered my new NANO SIM card and got the phone up an running without a problem. Originally, I struggled with getting the phone to receive data, which is included in my carrier plan. After an unsuccessful call to StraightTalk tech support, I realized the problem wasn't due to inaccurate APN settings, but because I had not selected the installed SIM card in the settings/SIM card manager option.The dual SIM card feature in this phone is pretty cool. You can easily purchase a prepaid international SIM card if needed, and use the phone abroad. Then you have the option of toggling back and forth between SIM cards whenever necessary.
works perfect in Mexico with TELCEL and still has available another sim card
Solid reliable telephones that have a slight premium over their Chinese counterparts but the Samsung brand is worth paying the extra for. The S6 Duos has all the wonderful benefits of the S6 with the added feature of a second sim. Even with both sims active battery life is still better than S5 thanks to the marshmallow os that can optimise your apps so that battery life is extended. Great phone.
This is a wonderful phone for a dual sim. Got relieved of carrying 2 phones in the pocket. The look and feel is amazing. All my friends were envy of me carrying this dual sim phone. Moreover, the service providers were also surprised to see that such a phone is available in the market when I went to them to change my sim, since this uses a smaller sim than the normal one.
Very nice phone, it works perfectly. The only issue is that only works with 3G internet, not 4G. And the power cable comes with an Asian connector with an adapter. But the rest is perfect.
So far so good... Work beautiful and haven't had any issues... Dual SIM cards and all
It works like a charm. Is fast, is efficient. I had GalaxyS5 before and I won't miss it.I love the finger sensor !!!
I've purchased this item almost 2 months ago and it's amazing... I updated from the s4 to this and the difference is huge...I love how long the battery takes to be done...Using social media... listening music... taking photos... I would definitely recommend this!!!
So far so good
all OK, thanks a lot
Excellent phone. A little complicated to configure. Work fine overseas in both GSM and LTE.
Very good phone meets my needs
Ships from China but Authentic product!
I REALLY LOVE THIS PHONE SO MUCH.....
Excellent
Excelente device. Very good shipmeny
For far! The Best Android phone fo the market. I'm using it in Argentina and it works perfect with 4g
I love it!
Exelent
Awesome!!!!
delivered promptly and works as advertised only issue is how fast battery runs down unless in power saving mode
Good device
The phone is simply amazing.It looks good! Finally! As you probably heard before, the Galaxy now looks premium. The only issue I have is that as the back of the phone is made of glass I think its a bit slippery, but a simple case is enough to handle this.The battery is not really enough for me. I usually find myself looking for the charger in the middle of the afternoon. I would happily go for a phone 2mm thicker with a bigger battery.I'm really into photos and used to have a Lumia 1020, which is great for photos but only for that. I was afraid the sensor on Galaxy S6 could be too small to make good photos...but it turns out, I was wrong. The post processing algorithms are great producing photos that are really sharp and vivid. Its not on par with the Lumia in low light photos as the sensor on this one is almost 2 times bigger...but is good enough. For me, its on the same level as the LG G4 and sligtly better than the Iphone 6 Plus.This version is the Dual Sim version and it works fine for me. Im currently using it in Brazil and its working fine with the 4G networks here.Battery life could be better, but otherwise the best phone I've ever had...and I had quite a few.
marvelous phones!
The phone works great! I received it in the mail on time too. I was using Walmart's family plan on my old phone and took the new phone into Tmobile and had my number ported over to my parents Tmobiles family plan. Plugged the new sim card in and within a couple hours it was working like a charm with no issues.
Plus: Great hardware. Display, camera, speed, storage -- all absolutely top notch. You can read the screen in sunlight for cryin' out loud!Meh: Samsung's skin on Android. Not quite enough to bring it down to 4 stars though.Ugh: The contacts manager. Why so many duplicates, Samsung? Wah.
good
Great phone
Delivery was perfect and the product is really coolThe sale rep was very effective
very good
excelente producto
Recently switched from iPhone 5 to Galaxy s6! And honestly, I don't have any regrets! This phone is new, genuine, unlocked, and fully functional with many great features! Highly satisfied!!!!
My wife is really happy with this phone! And it was faster than expected shipping!
awesome! just expected.... a bit smaller than my note but I like it anyway. Thanks guys! I am a small business owner myself, appreciate you guys!Dee...SM Texas
The product was delivered on time and the product was exactly what they offered in the page. The product is working as I expected.
Works excellent!. Good price!. No problem with T-mobile. Very happy with this device.
So far so good... I only populated one SIMM but expect no problems when #2 goes in.
Excellent
met my expectations, really like dual sim cards
really nice phone
Loving the dual-SIM!
So far it appears to be working well. The phone is responsive and works with T-mobile/AT&T sims.I still need to research, but LTE doesn't show up on the screen, but H+ does show up on data sim. Not sure if I have to do special US specific configurations on LTE...
I order the samsung s6 after switching from samsung s5 duos to ip6s+. The pucture quality of ip6s+ and the apps which need ma(p were linked to apple map) were so bad. I already gave my s5 away so s6 duos is better replacement. After turning it on and transferring the data from s5, I can have my old apps/note/sms. The display od s6 is so nice. Quality of the picture is also nice. The only thing on my wish list is the micro sd slot. I hope it will come back in s7
Samsung Galaxy S6 G920FD Dual-SIM 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Octa-Core Smartphone - White PearlThe phone arrived promptly and looks exactly as described. The set up was easy and most, if not all, of my information was transferred to the S6 from my S4 fairly easily. I am glad that I can buy a dual-sim galaxy S6 through Amazon as T-Mobile does not carry it. The price is great. It will take me a while to learn how the various features work but this phone will be really convenient for my overseas travel. I plan to purchase an inexpensive local SIM card for calls while enjoying the free unlimited e-mail/text feature from my T-Mobile SIM card. Hope this phone will be as durable as my S4 which I have used for over 3 years. Thanks to Amazon and the seller for giving cell phone users in the U.S. a wonderful option to acquire cell phones apart from the phone plan providers.
Using phone with AT&T SIM in U.S. and Vodafone SIM in Germany. No issues with delivery, the phone, or getting both SIM's to work. Was surprised at how easy it is to switch between texting and calling from either SIM or data from either SIM. Receive calls and texts from both SIMS at the same time. Wish WhatsApp had an out of the box method for running two accounts with the dual SIM, but am stuck with only one. I use data on my German SIM in Germany and U.S. SIM in U.S.. Have not tried the other way around. After a month with Android still prefer Windows Mobile OS, but needed Android App support for everyday things like banking, train tix, etc. Really miss live tiles on MS.
Perfect
Very good phone and camera.
Best phone I ever bought
For folks who want LTE option on both sims -- this is not the product. Unfortunately, it wasn't mentioned anywhere clearly that only one SIM at a time can have LTE and the other will automatically switch to GSM (2G). I would have given it 3.5 starts, but no option for that. Software wise, one has to fish for things which more intuitive in the older models like S4Mini Dual Sim. I guess I just have to get used it. Battery life is poor though, if LTE is enabled, only way to get around it is enable the power saving mode.
Excellent phone - the S6 is definitely the best of the Galaxy line to date. Fast, high quality screen and camera, great touch, and feel. I would give it 4.5 stars - what are the cons?CONS:(a) (dual sim) you cannot associate a SIM with a contact/number - your only option is to have a box pop-up each time requesting which SIM to use for calling out.(b) Fingerprint authentication is iffy at times requiring you to enter your password(c) I'm definitely missing the ability to expand storage with an SD card - I'm already managing storage and its only been a couple months.
Very Good
Exceed my expectations. Thank you.
Thank you. The phone arrived perfectly, and it works very well.
I love it especially with dual sims so I can have to number. Instead of carrying 2 phone. I always have Samsung Galaxy with my daughter from 2,3,5, & 6
Excellent phone. A little complicated to configure. Work fine overseas in both GSM and LTE.
Very good phone meets my needs
Ships from China but Authentic product!
I REALLY LOVE THIS PHONE SO MUCH.....
Excellent
Excelente device. Very good shipmeny
For far! The Best Android phone fo the market. I'm using it in Argentina and it works perfect with 4g
I love it!
Exelent
Awesome!!!!
very good
excelente producto
Recently switched from iPhone 5 to Galaxy s6! And honestly, I don't have any regrets! This phone is new, genuine, unlocked, and fully functional with many great features! Highly satisfied!!!!
My wife is really happy with this phone! And it was faster than expected shipping!
awesome! just expected.... a bit smaller than my note but I like it anyway. Thanks guys! I am a small business owner myself, appreciate you guys!Dee...SM Texas
The product was delivered on time and the product was exactly what they offered in the page. The product is working as I expected.
Works excellent!. Good price!. No problem with T-mobile. Very happy with this device.
So far so good... I only populated one SIMM but expect no problems when #2 goes in.
Excellent
met my expectations, really like dual sim cards
really nice phone
Loving the dual-SIM!
So far it appears to be working well. The phone is responsive and works with T-mobile/AT&T sims.I still need to research, but LTE doesn't show up on the screen, but H+ does show up on data sim. Not sure if I have to do special US specific configurations on LTE...
I order the samsung s6 after switching from samsung s5 duos to ip6s+. The pucture quality of ip6s+ and the apps which need ma(p were linked to apple map) were so bad. I already gave my s5 away so s6 duos is better replacement. After turning it on and transferring the data from s5, I can have my old apps/note/sms. The display od s6 is so nice. Quality of the picture is also nice. The only thing on my wish list is the micro sd slot. I hope it will come back in s7
Samsung Galaxy S6 G920FD Dual-SIM 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Octa-Core Smartphone - White PearlThe phone arrived promptly and looks exactly as described. The set up was easy and most, if not all, of my information was transferred to the S6 from my S4 fairly easily. I am glad that I can buy a dual-sim galaxy S6 through Amazon as T-Mobile does not carry it. The price is great. It will take me a while to learn how the various features work but this phone will be really convenient for my overseas travel. I plan to purchase an inexpensive local SIM card for calls while enjoying the free unlimited e-mail/text feature from my T-Mobile SIM card. Hope this phone will be as durable as my S4 which I have used for over 3 years. Thanks to Amazon and the seller for giving cell phone users in the U.S. a wonderful option to acquire cell phones apart from the phone plan providers.
Using phone with AT&T SIM in U.S. and Vodafone SIM in Germany. No issues with delivery, the phone, or getting both SIM's to work. Was surprised at how easy it is to switch between texting and calling from either SIM or data from either SIM. Receive calls and texts from both SIMS at the same time. Wish WhatsApp had an out of the box method for running two accounts with the dual SIM, but am stuck with only one. I use data on my German SIM in Germany and U.S. SIM in U.S.. Have not tried the other way around. After a month with Android still prefer Windows Mobile OS, but needed Android App support for everyday things like banking, train tix, etc. Really miss live tiles on MS.
delivered promptly and works as advertised only issue is how fast battery runs down unless in power saving mode
Good device
I am very happy with the phone and the service I received !!
good
the phone was a good value -- ensure that your carrier has the proper bands so that the phone needs to have the phone work as expected
it was a gift and the recipient loves it!
Great
Everything was good!
Excellent Phone. Fast, very good apps, good camera, heart beat sensor, etc...
Perfect
Very good phone and camera.
Best phone I ever bought
For folks who want LTE option on both sims -- this is not the product. Unfortunately, it wasn't mentioned anywhere clearly that only one SIM at a time can have LTE and the other will automatically switch to GSM (2G). I would have given it 3.5 starts, but no option for that. Software wise, one has to fish for things which more intuitive in the older models like S4Mini Dual Sim. I guess I just have to get used it. Battery life is poor though, if LTE is enabled, only way to get around it is enable the power saving mode.
Excellent phone - the S6 is definitely the best of the Galaxy line to date. Fast, high quality screen and camera, great touch, and feel. I would give it 4.5 stars - what are the cons?CONS:(a) (dual sim) you cannot associate a SIM with a contact/number - your only option is to have a box pop-up each time requesting which SIM to use for calling out.(b) Fingerprint authentication is iffy at times requiring you to enter your password(c) I'm definitely missing the ability to expand storage with an SD card - I'm already managing storage and its only been a couple months.
Very Good
Exceed my expectations. Thank you.
Thank you. The phone arrived perfectly, and it works very well.
I love it especially with dual sims so I can have to number. Instead of carrying 2 phone. I always have Samsung Galaxy with my daughter from 2,3,5, & 6
This is my fourth Samsung Galaxy: everything worked well as expected.
excellent product , I recommend it 100 % , I get expected in very good condition.
It's great
Great!
Great Phone! I think im gonna miss de micro sd slot, for the extra memory, buts it is ok.The camera is awesome!
Very good phone. Dual SIM works fine . Wished battery lasted a bit longer.
Excellent Phone!... Fast, can take a "loading" (various applications running at the same time with ease), and is a very good looking phone.So happy with the Duos function, no need to be walking with two or more phones!
Excelent. I recomend.
Got this phone for my companion he seems to like it the phone is dual sim got it from the seller perfect trading Inc, the phones unlocked works in the US and he is using simple mobile SIM cards if that helps anyone it does need the smallest sim the nano sim. He had a micro but all u need is the chip if ur careful h can cut that part of yourself and you'll be good to go. Delivery was good came when it said it was and the packaging was safe n all. The seller is nice enough to include a ac power converter for power cord, this phone is still international so the power cord it comes with is unusable with the converter...will update if anything else comes to mind
I had some concerns with the bad reviews other people had left but decided to wing it.And it was a good decision!!. Originally I had the s3 on Virgin mobile and was payingng only 35 monthly for unlimited data-text and minutes... and I really didn't want to switch to At&t or sprint because then I would be paying double that ... so I looked into buying a sim from straight talk.. they sent me AT&T(gsm)nano sim and I'm only paying 45 a month for unlimited everything and Internet at 4G speeds!!! The grate thing is when I go off to Canada I can stop my payments and restart whenever I come back to the US because there is no contract! !!
Solid reliable telephones that have a slight premium over their Chinese counterparts but the Samsung brand is worth paying the extra for. The S6 Duos has all the wonderful benefits of the S6 with the added feature of a second sim. Even with both sims active battery life is still better than S5 thanks to the marshmallow os that can optimise your apps so that battery life is extended. Great phone.
This is a wonderful phone for a dual sim. Got relieved of carrying 2 phones in the pocket. The look and feel is amazing. All my friends were envy of me carrying this dual sim phone. Moreover, the service providers were also surprised to see that such a phone is available in the market when I went to them to change my sim, since this uses a smaller sim than the normal one.
Very nice phone, it works perfectly. The only issue is that only works with 3G internet, not 4G. And the power cable comes with an Asian connector with an adapter. But the rest is perfect.
So far so good... Work beautiful and haven't had any issues... Dual SIM cards and all
It works like a charm. Is fast, is efficient. I had GalaxyS5 before and I won't miss it.I love the finger sensor !!!
I've purchased this item almost 2 months ago and it's amazing... I updated from the s4 to this and the difference is huge...I love how long the battery takes to be done...Using social media... listening music... taking photos... I would definitely recommend this!!!
So far so good
all OK, thanks a lot
Great😃
Excellent smart phone.
Great phone. Dual SIM is a good solution when using the phone overseas in 2 different countries.Battery lasts all day - come back home after 9 hours at work with WiFi on and still have 50% battery power (on my previous phone Galaxy S4, the battery died even before I got back home). very clear screen, fast response and amazing camera.and I love the wireless charging feature.on the down side, too bad Samsung got rid of the replaceable battery and memory extension. and too bad they changed the bottom left key function (now it reveals ruining apps, previously it was opening the app menu). 3 competitive advantages they had over iPhone.
Great deal sim phone that is excellent in every way shape and form. Love that I can easily switch between the two sims and both are always active and capable of receiving text and phone calls. Stellar device and features.A+ seller with great items.
Perfect
Really excellent phone
I purchased this phone to replace my Google Nexus 4. Though I was happy with the Nexus phone, after nearly 3 years the battery appeared to be deteriorating. Google's new phone offering is much larger and I didn't want what amounts to a Phablet. The Samsung Galaxy S6 is only slightly longer and very thin and light. The camera is superior to my old Nexus. Apps are simple and easy to locate and adjust. So far, the battery life is quite good, but I'm usually using only basic text, phone and minimal data programs.My biggest concern was whether an "international" dual sim card phone would be compatible with my existing StraightTalk prepaid plan in Illinois. I ordered my new NANO SIM card and got the phone up an running without a problem. Originally, I struggled with getting the phone to receive data, which is included in my carrier plan. After an unsuccessful call to StraightTalk tech support, I realized the problem wasn't due to inaccurate APN settings, but because I had not selected the installed SIM card in the settings/SIM card manager option.The dual SIM card feature in this phone is pretty cool. You can easily purchase a prepaid international SIM card if needed, and use the phone abroad. Then you have the option of toggling back and forth between SIM cards whenever necessary.
works perfect in Mexico with TELCEL and still has available another sim card
The phone is simply amazing.It looks good! Finally! As you probably heard before, the Galaxy now looks premium. The only issue I have is that as the back of the phone is made of glass I think its a bit slippery, but a simple case is enough to handle this.The battery is not really enough for me. I usually find myself looking for the charger in the middle of the afternoon. I would happily go for a phone 2mm thicker with a bigger battery.I'm really into photos and used to have a Lumia 1020, which is great for photos but only for that. I was afraid the sensor on Galaxy S6 could be too small to make good photos...but it turns out, I was wrong. The post processing algorithms are great producing photos that are really sharp and vivid. Its not on par with the Lumia in low light photos as the sensor on this one is almost 2 times bigger...but is good enough. For me, its on the same level as the LG G4 and sligtly better than the Iphone 6 Plus.This version is the Dual Sim version and it works fine for me. Im currently using it in Brazil and its working fine with the 4G networks here.Battery life could be better, but otherwise the best phone I've ever had...and I had quite a few.
marvelous phones!
The phone works great! I received it in the mail on time too. I was using Walmart's family plan on my old phone and took the new phone into Tmobile and had my number ported over to my parents Tmobiles family plan. Plugged the new sim card in and within a couple hours it was working like a charm with no issues.
Plus: Great hardware. Display, camera, speed, storage -- all absolutely top notch. You can read the screen in sunlight for cryin' out loud!Meh: Samsung's skin on Android. Not quite enough to bring it down to 4 stars though.Ugh: The contacts manager. Why so many duplicates, Samsung? Wah.
good
Great phone
Delivery was perfect and the product is really coolThe sale rep was very effective
met my expectations, really like dual sim cards
really nice phone
Loving the dual-SIM!
I order the samsung s6 after switching from samsung s5 duos to ip6s+. The pucture quality of ip6s+ and the apps which need ma(p were linked to apple map) were so bad. I already gave my s5 away so s6 duos is better replacement. After turning it on and transferring the data from s5, I can have my old apps/note/sms. The display od s6 is so nice. Quality of the picture is also nice. The only thing on my wish list is the micro sd slot. I hope it will come back in s7
Using phone with AT&T SIM in U.S. and Vodafone SIM in Germany. No issues with delivery, the phone, or getting both SIM's to work. Was surprised at how easy it is to switch between texting and calling from either SIM or data from either SIM. Receive calls and texts from both SIMS at the same time. Wish WhatsApp had an out of the box method for running two accounts with the dual SIM, but am stuck with only one. I use data on my German SIM in Germany and U.S. SIM in U.S.. Have not tried the other way around. After a month with Android still prefer Windows Mobile OS, but needed Android App support for everyday things like banking, train tix, etc. Really miss live tiles on MS.
very good
excelente producto
Recently switched from iPhone 5 to Galaxy s6! And honestly, I don't have any regrets! This phone is new, genuine, unlocked, and fully functional with many great features! Highly satisfied!!!!
My wife is really happy with this phone! And it was faster than expected shipping!
awesome! just expected.... a bit smaller than my note but I like it anyway. Thanks guys! I am a small business owner myself, appreciate you guys!Dee...SM Texas
The product was delivered on time and the product was exactly what they offered in the page. The product is working as I expected.
So far so good... I only populated one SIMM but expect no problems when #2 goes in.
Excellent
Perfect phone... Worth the purchase
This phone is advertised as G920I but what I got was the G920F version instead.
Exelente producto.
Great cellphone
The phone arrived some days before it was planned. Works perfectly in Argentina with Claro. Recomend
Extremely pleased with this phone. Works great with my Consumer Cellular service.
Good
Came as advertised .
This is my first smartypants phone. It may take some time to learn how to really use it, but so far it has been a snap to put my contacts in and make and receive phone calls and use the camera. I get a data plan tomorrow so now starts the real fun.
The phone works perfectly in Jamaica. No problems so far and I've had for a couple weeks now. LOVE how fast it is and how crisp pictures and videos are on this phone! The camera is sooo awesome too.
Very good!
Great. No any problem with this seller or product
I love my new galaxy s6. The phone is great. The delivery fast and the price awsome.
Excellent !!
got this for my niece.She loves it so much, I am actually considering converting from iPhone,..Also, for anyone who is interested- this was purchased to use in Israel, and the phone was unlocked as described and worked with no problems whatsoever.
charger from New Zeland, needed an adapter
I love this phone. The size, the color, and everything about it. Only had onenough issue and that's with sending and receiving pictures through text messaging. My service said it must be something with Samsung/ the phone because everything else it set correctly. Other than that this phone is beautiful. Expensive but I love it. Phone came within delivery time.
I received the product as described in the publication. No problems at all. The only thing is that the charger pins are not the correct for my country.
Perfect
very happy!!
It's simple, it is fast, i love it. The best smartphone I've have.
excellent phone. I stop using my Note 4
I purchased this phone as an upgrade for my galaxy s3 and so far I find it great! My only problem is the battery life. I can barely make it through a day with a full charge. I do think the fast charger included does make up for it.
Excellent product and service. At the beginning i had some issues with some korean presets mostly while in roaming but they got solved when I downloaded the lollipop 5.1.1.
Great device. It met my expectations.
Phone came as described. It looks and works great. Very fast with little to no lag. After downloading and installing my usual apps i notes some occasional lag, but nothing to be down rated for. Although I do think the price was pretty high, after using the phone for a couple weeks now it works better than I expected. It is capable of handling my everyday use which includes majority of the popular social media apps as well as game play, alot of music and browsing without problem.With that being said, the batter size is pretty small and you begin to notice it within a few hours. I haven't found a day that the battery lasts from AM to late in the PM. I usually wake at around 9 am, charge my phone to full (I don't leave it plugged in overnight) using the quick charge; then around 5 or 6 PM it will need charging again (around 20%). I must say that the quick charging comes in handy, plus I have a Qi wireless charger which makes it convenient to just drop the phone down and let it charge for a little bit throughout the day, so the lack of a big battery doesn't hit too hard.Now, I believe this phone is worth 5 stars, however the phone came alot later than estimated. Well Over a week later it took the phone to arrive. At the time I was scheduled to be in a country where I shipped the phone for just around a week and because of the huge delay in delivery I thought I would've missed the phone. However it came, and I am happy with it.Overall it is a great phone and I would recommend it to other buyers.
Love this, camera is amazing...Money well spent, and the seller was super great, plus I got a good deal
Excelent
Very excellent
Very good qaulity phone.
This is great everything is as stated no problems !
Very good
This was a gift for my mother and she absolutley loved the phone because it looks beautiful, the screen size isnt obsesively big like most phablets today and it takes amazing pictures.Makes an awesome gift.
Fantastic product, arrived in time and everything was factory sealed. I wish the battery lasted longer, but that's another story.
I got my phone within the 2 days they promised. It is everything they described. Nice phone, however I had to get used to the programs. My camera did not have any modes other than panorama or auto. FYI, if you see that is the case, all you need to do is change the display from easy start to the other tab. Now I have all types of mode and downloads for my camera.Really love the phone and the company I bought it from was just as prompt with my concerns.
great phone
Love the phone, but knocked a star off for not being waterproof. That would have been a killer feature and why Samsung went backwards on this is beyond me.
I got it less than a month ago and so far it's good
No words! This phone is amazing.
I've only used it for about three days but I think it should get six stars, I really like it. My previous phone was a Galaxy s3 and while it worked well, it had some quirks that irritated me. One was the way I had to close web pages. This phone fixed that, closing web pages is a snap. I use this on TMobile, via Walmart Family Talk with unlimited talk, text, and data and switching phones on the account was painless. The only glitch was this phone uses the Nano Sim Card but a quick trip to Walmart and $20.00 solved that. Well satisfied.
Great Product.
Haven't been able to use ir yet, as I'm waiting for the sim card, but its original as I coud see, which is the most important thing. Bought it for my husband, I already have the s6 edge and I love it so, I guess it'll be much like that.the only bad thing it has, is the battery, it doesn't last long, its the only critic I can do. Hear that's something they solved with the new model, the S7, but I haven't tried that one yet.
I love it! great price!
This phone has the best camera I have ever seen on a phone. It has replaced so many gadgets in my purse. Samsung did everything right when making this phone. I will hold on to it until it dies on me.
Quality and battery is good.
So far so good. Only issue is that the battery drains virtually quickly even though I don't have many apps installed. Also the camera quality isn't A1. Other than that, very good phone. Shipping was quick and easy. Phone didn't come with any seals broken or scratches. I'm a happy customer
It's so worth every penny.
I bought this phone for my father, and I can honestly say it is a good phone. Sure I'm a bit biased, being an apple person and all, but the camera quality was excellent, and the phone itself was beautiful!
I am more than glad with this phone.
So far as my first cell phone, I am impressed with it, but I am still learning how to use it. One thing however, it does seem to discharge the battery when it is on for extended periods of time. This may very well be normal, as I am an inexperienced user.
very nice working phone no problem
Satisfied, thanks
love my s6 Galaxy
Great phone
Only bad thing about this product was that it did not come with a factory USB samsung cable. It was some kind of vietnam made cable, and rather than charge my phone, it would have the lightning bolt like it was charging, but it absolutely would not charge. I had to charge it in my car last night to get my phone to charge. Other than that, phone works pretty well
Everything ok
Im in love with this phone. I was surprised to learn that there wasnt a need for a sd card.
Perect
Nice phone
Is a good cell phone, really powerfull and beauty ;)
Product is excellent☺☺☺☺
I only owned the phone for a few days, and I like it very much so far. The screen is awesome, very bright and sharp. It makes great pictures, although I was surprised to find out that you do not need to unlock the phone to take pictures. I see possibility of pranks and unauthorized picture taking. The phone works so fast compared to my old not so smart smartphone, it is amazing how things are changing. The phone is lightweight, charges fast, and the battery last for quite long time. I signed up for MetroPCS, my main complaint is that I had to go the store to activate the phone. They would not accept the phone online (they only list ancient phones in their bring your own page, probably to discourage people from buying phones from other places). Do not buy sim card from the store - online and at Walmart it is $10, the MetroPCS guy wanted $25 for the card.Update: I got second S6 phone (White) for a family member, and activated it with Ting service, it was very easy, I needed to order a GSM SIM card from them, and it takes a few days to arrive. You activate the phone with the SIM card then, not with the phone itself. I am thinking about switching my own service to Ting, too.
So happy with my purchase ! Have been getting familiar with phone all day and i dont want to put it down. Just received yesterday. Very thrilled with purchase.
Great phone!
Will buy it again. I recommande. Meet my expectation
very good
Excelente.
very good
The Samsung Galaxy S6 is an incredible android phone.
Great product from an amazing seller. It arrived earlier than expected and the packaging was perfect and safe. Great choice and price for buying an unlocked Galaxy S6.
No problems, just what I was looking for. Great size, shape and overall feel in the hand. Just like an iPhone but better. Recommend getting the cordless charging station - it makes charging so easy and also helps me keep track of the phone so I dont leave it around the house and lose it. I initially liked the fingerprint ID to unlock but found that I use my hands so much that it became less reliable. That's my only disappointment. Other than that, lightning fast and high quality from Samsung. Highly recommend.
Excelent. I recomend.
I was a bit apprehensive ordering this phone over Amazon. I normally buy all of my cell phones through my cell phone carrier. But I read such great reviews ordering through Amazon, I thought I would give it a try. (I already order weekly from Amazon, but never a cell phone). I ordered this cell phone and it came just as described, in new condition, brand new box with most importantly UNLOCKED. I simply took my old cell phone and this new cell phone to my carrier (AT&T) and the sales agent transferred all of information from my old phone to my new phone. It took only about 10 minutes for her to do this. It was that simple. I saved about $150 ordering the cell phone over Amazon than walking into the actual AT &T store and buying it outright. I am very pleased with my purchase. I love the Samsung Galaxy S6. It is slim and lightweight and lightening fast. And what I absolutely love is the super power charger that came with it. I had no idea that this little charger would charge my phone in 20 minutes. I can't say enough good things about this purchase. I will order another online. Great experience. Not problems at all. Very satisfied customer.
The galaxy S6 phone is very good but there's one thing that really disappoints me. Sometimes the battery does not fully charge and I really don't know why. Also, I think that the price is higher than it should be.
love it much better than my old iphone!
So far so good. I really like this phone. After a short learning curve from my old S2 it is a very good phone. No issues, good battery life, excellent video and camera. Very satisfied after 1 month.
Excellent phone
Awesome phone
Excellent!
Awesome Phone
all was according to the expectation
awesome i can't believe i got it
Top of the line cell phone. Met all my expectations. Very well priced. Having a blast with this phone!
Ordered this with some concerns. When I received it there were no problems. It was in an original box with an original seal. The box said it was international but the product is unlocked and works with Att, cricket, metro, and t mobile
L O V E
It completes with the latest Apple can offer.
The phone came brand new....However I think something is wrong...there are always connection issues.mim always sounding muffled, the connection always break up... I fist thought it was my location, but when I found it happens all the time no matter where I am, I tested the connection with another phone. It tu no out my phone as an issue. I'm no expert but I was told maybe it has to do with the unlocking of the phone... I also found it can get hot when the battery is dying as well...
Very nice
All ok. Perfect. Thanks for all
Absolutely love the phone.
A smooth modern design with a great camera make this phone a stunner.
Good phone. Wish battery life was better.
I love this phone..I need to get used to all the stuff on it..went from a flip phone to this. love the photos..thanks
Exactly what I ordered. The phone works perfectly.
Nice phone, no battery issues.
This phone is awesome! As far as I can tell it works just fine. I had ordered one before just like it, but sent it back because some of the letters on the keyboard didn't respond when you pushed them. Return was super easy, and now I have this one, and I love it!
I guess my only complaint so far is the battery life, hopefully Android 6.0 will improve it a bit. Overall great phone!
Got in time. So far working great. It comes with a headphone, a sim extracting pin, and a regular wired charger. It does not come with a charging base, which needs to be bought separately.
Excellent! I recommend it
Best phone i ever purchased. Worth every penny.
Excellent choice!! Perfect delivery.Good price.!!!
The best cellphone
Arrived on time. Works like a charm! Replaced an Iphone that I didn't like at all.
Have been burned before with another company on a different phone. Had to send back. Not this one. Great phone, great price, Great fast service.
Phone is pretty light weight esp compared to my last windows phone which was cumbersome to haul around. Battery needs recharging about every other day. Sharp camera. This was my first Samsung so had to ask another user re retrieving voice mail & recording and sending videos but this is a great phone. Definitely needs a case bc it is smooth and slides around on any surface.
Excellent product!
Everything worked perfectly out of the box. I'm using a WIND mobile sim card in the U.S. (roaming on T-Mobile) and it connected with no issues. The camera on this phone is really impressive compared to most phones and the fast charge is pretty handy when you have only 15 minutes to charge.
My husband loves those
nice phone
Fast delivery. Original and everything is as expected. Just got a sim card and it works great !!
Works well so far, no complaints.
Perfect!
Awesome works wonderfull jus one thing needs a nano sim card a heads up
PHONE WORKS AMAZING ON METRO PC. This is a real s6. shipping was fast
Great phone!
Screen resolution is so vivid and bright. i love ny new phone. So happy I purchased it. The fact that it does not have a memory card slot or removable battery does not bother me. I don't think I will use up more than 32G of memory.
Great phone got it the next day!
The Samsung Galaxy S6 has been the best phone experience I have ever had and that means a lot. Personally I never ever stick with a phone for maybe more than 1 month. I'm constantly watching youtube videos and then buying the phone they talk about. But with the Samsung S6 I get all of those phone in one smooth and very beautiful phone. I love this phone and if you get this phone I promise you will too. BUY THIS PHONE.
Great phone. The packaging did not appear to be tampered with and once my SIM card was cut to the right size I was able to use the phone right away.
just perfect...
Very happy with the phone. Brand new and everything came with it
Everything great. Works great in mexico. I love it.
Excellent!
good
very nice...
So far is good
great phone
great!
Excelent
This phone was perfect for my intended StraightTalk use. I only had to buy a nano SIM from StraightTalk to activate it. Couldn't be more happy.
Inprove the expectationtsExcelent camera
the clear case protects my S6 from scratches and ect, while still letting it show its white color =)
Love the phone and arrived quicker than I thought.
Im soo glad that my phone is actually new. I was prepared to send it back if it wasn't new. Thank God i didn't have to.
IN LOVE! This is the first time I have bought myself an actual nice smartphone. I usually get those that are under $200. I LOVE this phone. It was packaged great, everything works great!
Best phone and camera I have ever owned!
everythin was perfect (sorry for my English) I already activate it.
Best phone ever made!
Works as it should. As described.
I have nothing negative to say about this phone. It is Awesome! The best smart phone I have ever owned. No problems with setting it up and easy to use.
Very good cell phones everthing that I need and wanted .
Over all good
You cant make video calls on it though.
best phone i ever had...calls are clear...speaker sounds loud...display is great...camera is awesome..phone is stylish and light weight
fast, comfortable, beautiful
Very nice smart phone. Easy to use and works flawlessly.
Great phone. I liike it.
Perfect
I absolutely love this galaxy s6 phone. Is is unlocked, and is NOT a fake. I chose to get this one and not the edge or edge plus because I have small hands and have heard lots of complaints of touching apps when not wanting to.
Phone was able to connect to T mobile fine and gets 4g lte. Needs a nano sim card to connect.
very good
Great product just as described and fast shipping!
Excelente
Excellent
Exceeded expectations. A great buy. OUR SECOND PURCHASE WITH the SAME SAMSUNG quality.
amazing phone, came from a bb q10 and I am loving it
Im still figuring out if i like or not this phone. The gold color is really nice, it works well and most important IT WORKS IN ARGENTINA! but coming from LG I feel pretty unconfortable with some features, but its a matter of time I guess.Nice phone, works well.
as expected.
Excelente product.
Came as advertised. No trouble connecting to the t-mobile network.
10 puntos excelente!
excellent product, guarantee the jente, they are very fast and powerful, and work great
All perfect
This product got at my house one day before it was suppose to. The phone works really good and it's beautiful to.
It is very nice it running slow
Is good
So far so good. Great phone good price
VERY NICE CELL
Nice and beautiful phone. Very useful!
great phone
The product was received in great condition and works fine.
Excelente
Amazon: excelent, as always!!!The telephne: excelent too!!
Initial Review 1. Build - Hardware: The build quality of S6 is top notch, if not better, then as good as the iphone. The photos in the website or in the samsung portal do not do justice to the actual look and feel of the phone. There are reviews that mention the s6 look similar to iphone 6 and I would agree to that. I moved from an S3 to S6. The S3 after 3 years of use, had become slow, but moving the same apps to S6, the apps worked seemlessly. 2. Screen: The 577 pixels per inches is pixel density results in a screen with crisp displays and super sharp and smooth images. 3. Software: The android build on the S6 has so far run smoothly for past 3 months and so has all the apps I have used so far. 4. Camera: I havent played around with the photo as much as the video. The video on this is just incredible.4K ultra-HD video. The color reproductions are like something out of Downtown Abbey.Yes, the battery life on a single charge is nothing to talk about. I get a whole days use. The upside is that the phone comes with a super charger that charges the phone to 90% within 30 minutes or so.Long time Review1-Month: We end up finding some new feature every time we use it.i. GPS navigator - We used S6 as a navigator while travelling to New York. Compare the 60's cartoon screen of an Garmin with 577 ppi screen of S6 and you willl understand why you WANT to use S6 as a navigator even if you dont need to. Google maps has an offline mode, as long as you have enough storage on your phone to download the maps of the location. The best part was that during navigation, an incoming call, would just should up as a smally rectangular bar with information about the caller and accept/decline button and at the same time, the navigation would still be displayed.ii. Finger Print unlock. Setting up is a breeze. there was a bit of apprehension whether if it will work. For one, the fingerprint unlock worked every time, the first time and again, there is a backup password (in case finger print doesnt work)6 month review:i. iphone6 and 6s have come and gone and after comparing the S6 to iphones my vote is for S6.ii. S6 continues to work without issues. The phone accidently dropped from 5 ft and there was no scratch on it - I did have a protective cover.
very slipper, very fragile.Good speed and wonderful camera.
Thanks you
Very high quality phone. Best Galaxy phone so far. Battery life just so-so. Fortunately it recharges extra quick(heats up quite a bit while charging) . Beautiful screen. Slippery, so a case is required.
Meets my expectations. Good camera quality, easy to handle
Excellent
Yes! I'm happy with my new cell 😊
Great phone great seller, my son really loves it. It's better to buy one generation back it is so much cheaper for great features and speed.
Really like this phone. Upgraded from the Galaxy III and this is much more user friendly.
Yes
I updated from a galaxy S3 and I am happy with the galaxy S6. Had it for a short while but it satisfies my expectations.
Very nice
Great phone. Glad I bought one unlocked and then went to Straight Talk for service. Good service, good price. Only glitch is that the phone came with only a European charger plug. But the phone can use my old phone charger so its ok. If a phone is not packaged for the US, they need to say that in the Amazon description.
Its an amazing phone
Extremely happy with my new phone, has everything that I was looking for and boy is it fast
This was a great phone but was programmed in Spanish ... had to be returned for that reason. Someone dropped the ball by not checking before shipping to customer needing English programmed device. (Very disappointing)
Una maravilla
I am very happy with this phone. The price was great, too!
beatiful, work great. fast, especially the camera. so many camera function that u never find in any Iphone. I love the surround shot, live broadcast, wide angle selfie. awesome smartphone
It's a bit slow, which is disappointing because it obviously didn't cost 100 bucks. Speaker isn't great either. Very pretty overall, but that's it.
Excelente
If you wanted a gold galaxy s6, this is the perfect one. There's no other better.
I took a leap of faith by ordering this without knowing if they gon send me a brand new one or a refurbished one, but they actually sent me a brand new authentic one. It also came very fast! Lol I am happy af 😊 BTW S6 camera is the bomb
I love my new phone. It is awesome. I just love it
So far I love the phone, but will not comment about it specifically.I just want to share about my experience, as before buying I've read reviews about "opened boxes", "broken seals" and "spanish versions".I was a bit worried when ordering but gave it a try, and I'm glad I did. I received a NEW, AMERICAN Galaxy S6 as ordered, everything looks genuine and in good order! I'd buy another one if needed.Cheers
It's great better pictures more memory I love it is awesome
Everything okay with it
Phone works great fast shipping
awesome
very good ,my wife she like it
I love it so far@!!
i absolutely love m y new phone.. the sellers shipping was pretty slow, however the item is just as it said it was.. i ordered this in gold.. and the correct thing came,.. it is unlocked that means i get to use it with any network i want.. Only thing is that you need a micro-sim car, the very tine ones like what iphone uses. As for functionality, the phone is super fast and smooth,, it has no sticking no glitches NOTHING.. this is the best phone ever!! the camera quality is absolutely gorgeous, i feel like taking a million selfies a day... this is the phone to buy people
The phone is perfect and the delivery was fast thank you
Works perfect at colombia with movistar
All right. No problems.
Awesome, love amazon!
Buy it. Camera is great. Very responsive. A little bit too much of pre-installed apps but otherwise great. Battery goes for 4-5 hours of "full" use. Battery life is enough for whole day with regular use.
OMG ALL PERFECT
Very good 5+++++
PRODUCTO MUY BUENO
Absolutely love! I have this phone for straight talk and it's amazing .
Although doubtful at first that a samsung s6 would be this cheap, I got this for my sister at her request since she didn't trust the cheaper options on ebay. After checking it out, I can guarantee it is not a fake. The performance and build of the phone is solid with a beautiful screen but then again its a samsung with a hefty price tag. I personally own and love my one plus one which is so much cheaper yet just as snappy. Although the samsung has a better screen, somewhat better looking, and better camera, considering that you can get two for the price of one samsung it is worth it. I'm not gonna bother listing stats because you can google those. Anyways enough about my phone now. I got this with one day shipping and it came quickly and yea thats about it. Heads up about the platinum gold though, the glare when under light is pretty bright and it doesn't look as gold as we would like it. Also the back is glass so please put a case on it or else it will be filled with light scratches and fingerprints by the end of the day you get it. The fingerprint sensor is a bit iffy at times and theres a bug where the touchscreen will stop working sometimes but a reboot and a software update will fix that.
amazing
Love it! But to be honest, I thought it was counterfit at first because of the package. How wrong was I, I'm writing my review on it.
Everything was perfect
Ir a awesome
In Ecuador work well.
love it! great buying experience....
Amazing cellphone, it is a 6 stars in every aspect.
My phone is sleek and cool. I really love it. Shipping was very fast. For the price I am really happy with this purchase.
Hands down a great phone all issues fix from s5. Such as finger print scanner ( no more swiping), battery life is way better, Screen quality is also improved it also feature an ir blaster.Model sm-G920I is not compatible with Samsung pay but it not a big deal android pay works just fine.This model as far as I know it only works with gsm carriers a&tt and t- mobile. Maybe with cdma with a few tricks. Because mine was picking up signal without the SIM in the phone. If I get it to work ill post an update.
I love this phone. It came in the mail very quickly. And it's really easy to use. I got it in white.
I am very happy with my s6
Phone works great!! Super fast delivery. Thanks
Just great.
amazing
Very good
I love it
So good!
Everynthing good, super fast shipping
This item was just as I suspected, I was kind of skeptical thinking it wasn't real because of the price but man am I glad I purchased.
Great phone no issues for me
Gratis timing! It arrived perfectly. I was on vacation but live in argentina, It works perfect here. I lo ve this phone! ! And gold color is such elegant and delicate color'
perfect
Broken seal, but who gives a crap! It works perfectly. Excellent phone, at an excellent price.
Huge monster memory, great price for a great phone, Charger comes with an adapter, makes it bulky but works great. In language selection there are lots of asian languages but no spanish. The problem is the battery, it doesn't last for a day, don't know if maybe it is old, or what.
It' work very well, i love it.
Everything was perfect, the phone is in perfect condition! I recommend it!
Received this and bought a sim card through my carrier and it works great. Had it about a year and a half now and it still works great.
Excllent
Simply the best!!! Excellent camera!!!
Cell phone is A- FREAKING- MAZING... Beautiful phone
Great product, refresh designed, full of new features. Way lighter than S5, smooth UI. A bit overpriced still, hope price drops in a near future.
Good phone
It is unlocked and in seems genuine. There are slight differences that are of no consequence. (slightly blue tint in the casing in direct light and no "GALAXY S6" written on the back. I'm assuming because of the international model. But a very good phone. Fingerprint scanner is not quite as quick as the iPhone. Only real qualms with it are that it cannot be registered if you own it in Canada or the US. If there is a way, I have not found it despite hours of trying and calling customer services in Canada and the US. Samsung offices are not connected country to country. The only other thing is there is quite a bit of pre-installed bloatware that cannot be uninstalled. Otherwise a good phone and passes any real check I've done to be a real S6.
I brought the Samsung Galaxy for my sister. She is loving her phone.
Good One.
Great phone. Love the Samsung's UI which is so much nicer than the stock Android. Singed up for H2O wireless with no problems.
Excellent product and super fast shipping. Thanks to the seller. Had the s6 edge but got fed up with it when the screen breaks twice, the second time even with a case on it. Decided to try the s6. Love the phone and its being working great. It's just as cute and of same spec as the s6 edge but without the slippery edge.
Love the phone. Just sad they no longer have SD slots.
Genial
Like this so far. Not anymore. Defective. Hangs. Drop calls. Losses internet. I thought the problem was the provider but change provider ever since and still the same.
Good
good
I needed a new phone ASAP and i bought this from Amazon Warehouse expecting something to be wrong with it aesthetically as was listed in the description. The phone is PERFECT! No scratches, no imperfections and has a cool couple of tricks. Gold is beautiful and I'm happy i got it. Rapid charger is amazing and it keeps charge pretty much the whole day.
Excelent phone
very good
Good very good
Loved it. Works flawless
Awsome
Very good mobile. I'm using it in Argentina. Its functioning very well with 4G LTE.
Verry good !
Everything is perfect!
In the current time, it's working good. Now, we are satisfied whit this product
great phone I love it
The main reason I chose this phone was speed, and S6 has that in spades. I write software for a living and tried many things to keep my old phone fast, yet despite sticking with Android 2.3.3 and refusing to update apps or install much of anything, web browsing had become an act of click a link and wait 1-5 minutes for it to load, then the screen would stall repeatedly as I tried to scroll through to read the page. If I had to click another link, the waiting process began again. Although other apps on the phone were reasonably fast, web sites had bloated enough that browsing was intolerable with a phone released in 2010 and many sites would not function correctly unless I updated the browser and made things even slower. The same sites on S6 work great, are nearly instant to load, and there's no lag at any time. It's amazing.I went from a Google G1 to G2 (HTC Vision) because I didn't want to lose a physical keyboard, but I'm happy to say that the screen on the S6 is so large that I have no problem typing accurately without a physical keyboard. The screen clarity and resolution are insane. Some big-name reviewers claim there's no point in having so much resolution, but it's really a joy to see tiny, clear labels with extra info in various apps, to look at photos with absolutely no pixelation, and to remote-control other computer screens with no loss of detail. The S6 at 2560x1440 pixels has more resolution than my desktop monitor at 1920x1200!The camera is even more impressive with its 5312x2988 max resolution. It's got enough res to virtually zoom in to 8x during photo or video recording without complete loss of detail. The camera beats my Canon Vixia HF100 1080p camcorder by a mile with better resolution and much more detail in the lightest and darkest areas. Big review sites say this is pretty much the best phone camera on the market and it's nice to always have a good camera with you for unexpected shots. Even the focus speed is far faster than the camcorder and the phone has a built-in ability to do awesome things like stitching panoramic shots together as you pan the phone across a landscape or taking shots with multiple focus points and combining them to make everything clear. Of course the camcorder can still zoom farther with optical zoom to catch distant wildlife so the phone isn't a complete replacement for it.Review sites consistently say the big negatives on the S6 are its battery and its delicate glass and aluminum construction. The construction can be fixed with a case like Spigen Capsule Ultra Rugged, but I was surprised to find the battery can also be fixed with a few tweaks that weren't mentioned by all those big professional review sites. During the phone's initial setup screens I chose to set up a Google account, but did not set up a Samsung account or enable any Samsung features it gave options for. I also declined sending usage/diagnostic info to Samsung or Google. The first night I went to bed with the phone fully charged and pretty much only stock software installed and it was down to 56% the next morning. Terrible! Using Settings > Applications > Application Manager, I disabled the following apps and battery drain went from around 44% that first night to 3% the next night!ANT Radio Service, ANT+ Plugins Service, Briefing, Dropbox, Facebook, Gmail, Google Partner Setup, Google Play Books, Google Play Games, Google Play Movies & TV, Google Play Music, Google Play Newstand, Google+, Hangouts, Instagram, Live Weather, Memo, OneDrive, Photo Screensavers, Print Spooler, S Health, S Voice, Samsung Galaxy, Samsung Link Platform Connect, Theme Store, Virtual tour, Weather DaemonBased on what I've read, these are all safe apps to disable. In fact, unless you root the phone, I don't think the phone will let you disable anything unsafe because the disable button was greyed out on about half the things I looked at. Now I don't know which of the above apps are the real battery hogs, so if you see something up there you actually want to use, hopefully it won't kill your battery to enable it. The phone also comes with a "Smart Manager" app where you can click "RAM", then "Manage Apps" tab and set particular apps to be killed 10 minutes after the screen is turned off. So if you find a particular app is killing your idle battery, adding it to the list might help. It doesn't look like you can add any of the stock software to the "auto stop" list, unfortunately, but maybe if some of the things above were enabled they would appear on the list.Over the next few days I installed all my usual apps, including Avast! antivirus which I was worried about, and the phone remains blazing fast and still loses almost nothing with the screen off. In fact I think it was 73% when I went to bed and 73% when I got up this morning. Batteries don't lose power linearly so it doesn't seem unreasonable that it's sticking in the 70s.I kind of wish they'd have given it a larger battery anyway, since most of its competitors have larger batteries, but that would have added to the weight and for my use, the current battery seems to be more than enough. I don't go out a lot or spend much time using my phones, but when I do have a bit of down time, it will be nice to browse the web without the horrible lag. The other thing that worries me is previous phone batteries have always swollen after 2-3 years and forced me to replace them. This is mostly due to bad phone hardware not limiting the battery charge so extra current just gradually damages and swells the battery. I eventually worked around it using Tasker to turn the charger on/off using an X10 module and keep the phone between 70-80% charge. I've had zero swollen batteries since then and will do the same thing with the S6. But for those that always leave it on the charger to keep it at 100% most of the time, I'm worried the battery will swell and crack the glass back of the phone. Hopefully Samsung has set the charger system up to prevent that but it was a big problem with my last two phones. I recommend trying not to leave the phone near 100% charge just in case.Another reason I wish they'd put in a bigger battery is that the phone would be thicker and they wouldn't need to leave the camera sticking out of the back. Having the camera like that is ridiculous and forces everyone to buy a case that protrudes enough to protect the camera from slapping down on a hard surface and cracking. That camera is definitely by biggest fear when it comes to damaging this phone and I'm sorely tempted to buy a case that covers the back with thick rubber right up to near the edge of the camera. Yet that ruins the beauty of the phone's back so the camera design just sucks. I've never bothered with cases on my previous phones because I so rarely drop them, although they've each survived a few falls over the years, but the S6 looks so fragile I ended up using Spigen Neo Hybrid EX to give it some protection and to prevent the camera from contacting a table surface when the phone is on its back. The case has feet at all four corners that give it enough thickness to prevent the camera touching, but if any of the small feet end up off the table the camera still touches, which is annoying. I had to add extra padding to CHOETECH QI Wireless Charging Pad to keep the camera from scraping on it.If you do need a bigger battery there are cases you can buy with a battery built in. Such cases do add weight and usually block the wireless charging ability of the phone, though it would make sense if they developed a battery case that could charge itself wirelessly.Fast charging:I doubt I'll use it much, but the phone comes with a special "adaptive fast charger" that will take the phone from 5% to about 50% in 30 minutes by dumping in 9V instead of the usual 5V. Charging speed is reduced the closer the phone gets to full. The fast charger is supposed to detect what it's connected to and operate at 5V on normal devices, but I read that someone plugged it in to a PS4 controller and fried the controller. They repeated the experiment 3 more times (dishonestly returning the broken controllers to the store to exchange for new ones) and it happened every time. Of course, maybe the guy was lying to get attention or had a defective fast charger, but he sounded serious so I figured I'd pass on the warning not to risk using the fast charger on anything other than the phone.Wireless charging:Samsung seems to have put its charging coil at a slightly non-standard height in the phone because every upright wireless charger I looked at had complaints that the S6 would only charge on its side or upside down. The CHOETECH charger I link above had the fewest complaints, but the phone still doesn't always link with it in the upright position. Interestingly, when I added the Spidgen bumper "case" to the phone, it connects to the charger with pretty much 100% reliability so maybe Samsung had their thinking cap on assuming almost nobody would use the phone without a case and they positioned the charging coil so it's appropriate only with a case. Still, I think the coil is barely within alignment tolerances and so the phone charges slowly. Also note that although I've seen sellers of wireless chargers claim they can "fast charge" the phone, the charging coil in the phone is not physically able to take in power as quickly as the 9V wired fast charger can put out. In fact, I've seen complaints that wireless charging can't always keep up with the amount of power this phone uses to play video or do other things with the screen on. I have a feeling that's because the charging coils aren't aligning well and/or the phone hasn't been tweaked to limit the amount of background crap it's constantly doing with some apps.Rooting:Samsung has special hardware protection that will permanently mark your phone as compromised if you root it using most methods, though there are some ways around it. When your phone gets marked, they call it "blowing the KNOX fuse" and supposedly if that happens you can't use Samsung Pay and your warranty might be voided. I've rooted my previous two phones but haven't generally found the extra "powers" to be useful so I'm leaning towards leaving the S6 stock.Thumb-print scanner:This is a very cool way of protecting your phone from unwanted users, although it's really a false sense of security. It will likely guard against friends or family mucking with your phone, but a thief (or a techie friend/family) can reboot the phone holding power, volume up, and home button to enter a bootloader mode where they can overwrite the boot loader and get at the phone's data. So the thumb scanner and the "find lost device" features might slow or stop someone who doesn't know what they're doing, but a real thief will turn off the phone as soon as they have it and never boot it to let you find it again. Anyway, the thumb scanner itself is decent but I seem to hit it at the wrong angle at least a third of the time and have to carefully move my thumb to be perfectly straight and centered on the scanner. I thought maybe if I moved my thumb to various slight angles and off center during thumb print training it might help but it seemed to make it worse. Then I thought maybe I could set up three versions of my thumb - straight on, slightly left, slightly right - but you can only program four finger prints total. So I trained it for both my thumbs and one index plus one for my wife. It's a disappointing limitation. Using the thumb scanner is reasonably fast when it works, but it feels slower than a simple pattern I used with my old phone, so I'm not sure if I'll stick with it.You can wake the phone by pressing the thumb scanner button but if you don't lift your thumb off and put it back down after pressing the button, it never scans it as a valid thumb print. This is very annoying. We also discovered that if you fail to scan your thumb too many times, the phone locks down and _requires_ you to type the backup password. I'm not sure how many failed attempts turn on lockdown, but my wife caused it to happen on a trip when she repeatedly unlocked the phone to take photos. If you don't have your unlock password memorized and it's written on a paper at home, this could ruin a trip. This "feature" is even more annoying in that it doesn't say the phone has disabled the thumb scanner. Instead it shows the normal lock screen but when you put your thumb down it does nothing - no unlock and no vibrate to indicate it didn't recognize your thumb. I thought maybe my thumb scanner had broken but after typing the unlock password it's worked fine for days.In "Settings > Lock screen and security > Secure lock settings > Smart lock" you can enable other methods of unlocking the phone. These include saying "OK Google" in your voice, having the phone at a particular known GPS location, having the phone paired to a trusted bluetooth device (car, watch, etc), or having the phone up against an NFC (Near Field Communication) sticker. Of course, if you tell the phone to remain unlocked when near your watch, and a thief demands your watch and your phone, well... You can also tell the phone not to lock as long as you're holding it or have it in your pocket. I have no idea how it knows when you're holding it or have it in your pocket, but the description of the feature claims it knows that somehow."Gold" vs "Platinum Gold" color:The Amazon listing shows a choice of Gold vs Platinum Gold color. I picked "Gold" and was excited to finally be getting a gold phone, but the box that arrived showed "Platinum Gold". ARGH! Researching online, it appears the S6 is only made in 3 colors: Black, white, and platinum gold. So the "Gold" option on Amazon is a mistake. The phone has a hint of gold to it in certain lights but most of the time it looks silver and the gold tone is never more than subtle.Overall an amazing phone. Screen and camera quality are perfect. My only complaints are smaller than average battery and the camera that sticks out the back. For my uses, the battery size doesn't matter. If I ever crack the camera due to its ridiculous sticky-outy design, I'll probably come back and knock a couple stars, but for now I'm happy.
Both phones are working excellent. At the beginning we were a bit concerned of buying two phones that were supposed to be used in Argentina, buy now I will change them again in the same way we did it thid time
Excellent. .100%
Everything ok
My phone was great love it
Well I received my phone today and by reading the reviews last night I was extremely worried so when my phone came I checked my phone step by step based on the reviews. for example: 1. The package/seal was NOT broken. 2. It was UNLOCKED. 3. Phone language was in ENGLISH. 3. My phone is a REAL Samsung S6. 4. Phone works GREAT on Cricket network. 5. My camera front and back WORKS GREAT. So based on the reviews I did NOT experienced non of that (THANK GOD) I LOVE MY NEW PHONE.....
Met all expectations
Great Phone! Works beautifully, fast and efficient
Great phone but it had a dead pixel in the middle of the screen. couldn't fix that but other than that it works just fine.
No issues so farIt is an international version so US Samsung won't cover phone
Works perfect in Argentina with Movistar, in US with T-mobile when I visit the US.Camera is INCREDIBLE GOOD, so much better than the I-Phone 6. You will love it.No stucks, nothing strange.Screen is clear and big.Highly recommended!
thx
good
Great phone so far but when I went to use it for the first time after charging, it came up in Spanish! Fortunately I live in South Texas where I could get help with it quickly.
Really good smartphone =D
I have the phone two weeks now and has met my expectations great phone.
Superb, shipment so fast.
phone is ok but AMERICA sim card onlyso I can not use it
PERFECT
I recomend this product and this seller!!
The seal was fake but the phone is perfect
Great phone. Awesome speed.
great phone
I love it...best choice I've made for a phone!!!
It's great
Excelente!!
all perfect good product delivered on time
Item is good and my wife is enjoying it. Takes great pic.
🖒
Haven't used it yet but it arrived in a timely fashion and was sealed with all the correct parts and accessories....
Yes I love Samsung Galaxy 6 it great
Love this phone. Nice upgrade to the s4 I had before. I'm glad I waited for this phone instead of the s5. My girlfriend has s5 and this phone has more features and feels sturdy with metal materials
Let me just say that this buy was absolutely amazing! It arrived when it said, the phone is beautiful, and brand new! I'm more than happy with this purchase.
Until today, after a month, it works perfect
Excellent
Im already loving this phone. Good customer service btw! Got an email from the company after purchase. No complaints. I came from the iphone community. I had an iphone 5 for a few years and i wanted a change . Had to get used to it being more complex than the iphone but this works brilliantly and the fingerprint lock works like a charm!!!!!!
Bought it as a present for my uncle and he loves it. Thank You.
Works perfectly.
good phone
Excellent product
Excellent camera (main purchase reason). Easy to use interface. Long battery life. Who could ask for more?
Great product, item as described, great seller, fast shipping!
thank you
I love my new phone......Thank you!
Best phone my wife has had to date.
It doesn't work out of network
I am in love with this phone so many fun features
Excellent
excellent product
Delivered on time, works perfectly
New tecnology in my hands
This phone is pretty good. The seller of this phone even helped me get it working on the phone service I'm on now.
Very nice.
I received my item just as promised and it is not a fake. I love it
It is a great phone. Very easy to transfer all my contacts and apps from my old Galaxy S3 and works great with Cricket Wireless.
The phone is great with T-Mobile. Gets even better reception then my HTC One M8 had. Was considering moving to Verizon until I got this phone. Camera is fantastic. Light, looks good, works well, no complaints as of using the phone for over a month.
Excelente
Great phone
Phone came within the Prime shipping timeline. Only gripe is that the description does not state that the phone is an international version (using it in the US). It did not come with a charger that I am able to use in an outlet. Not to sure what to do for warranty if I needed to use it.It's a great phoner. Works great on the TMobile network. I just needed to change everything to US settings. Super bright and vivid colors. The camera is great with a lot of settings. Seems like Samsung put a lot of their own stuff on the phone like an app store and various apps, that can only be disabled. The Flipboard Briefing is useless to me and cannot be uninstalled either.
Very happy with this product. I got an external batery. So no fuss with the issue
It's perfect. Was not expecting it to be this great
good
It works perfectly in Peru. Extremely recomended.
Very good phone. Totally worth money I've paid. I had iphone for a long time and now I'm happy shifted to Samsung. It looks like a new era. Good job Samsung !!
VERY GOOD
Excelente
Excelente
Excellent phone. I like it :)
Works perfectly fine in Venezuela
I'm putting 5 stars for the phone itself, however, I had to return this phone and buy it from my carrier instead. When I did the math it was cheaper to buy this phone from here instead of my carrier. However, at the time I didn't know that an unlocked phone doesn't have some of the features that locked phones have. One of those features is wifi calling. I need wifi calling because I have poor signal in my home. But the phone only has that feature on it if it is bought from a carrier. The phone itself is amazing, I highly recommend the Galaxy. However, if there are certain carrier-only features that you want, don't go with unlocked.
Not working on roaming
Love it!!! All I had to do way buy a new SIM card and I was ready to go.☺
good product at a great price
very Good Product, and good seller
very happy with my Samsung Galaxy S6 phone.
My S3 started acting ginky and, after three years, it was time to move on. Since I travel abroad regularly, I wanted a phone that would take foreign SIMs. But mostly, I wanted a phone that won't freeze on me. This one fits the bill perfectly. The only drawback is how poor the fingerprint technology is. But I lived without it before, I have no problem living without it now.
Awesome phone! everything about it is just as described and expected. Screen is crisp and clear and software is very user friendly. Camera is great! Pictures come out better than ever expected. Wasn't sure if the phone was gonna be too large but it's not. The only issue would be if the volume buttons were farther down side of phone in the same location as the power button it would help. Very happy with phone and would recommend it to others.
This phone has been amazing so far .
Awsome ..love this phone!! Came in perfect condition...no broken seal!!..100% satisfied!
looks cool...i like it. works perfectly so far...thanks guys...
I'm in love with this phone this phone takes mice pictures is everything that iPhone 6 don't have
It is good when you're familiar
All good with this purchase. in time, optimal quality.
This is my first Samsung galaxy phone, and I feel that this experience is great because this phone is the best smartphone on the market right now, therefore I feel happy and excited to have that kind of phone.
It was good as I thought it gone to be. The one I see ìs if stop working were do I go for repair work.
Everything cool! Thanks very much!
EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND SERVICE.
I have always been an iPhone user and decided to try out Samsung. The phone is fast, storage is good, photos are great, overall the phone works really well. The downside, I always have to put the phone in battery saving mode otherwise battery will only last a short period of time and by short I mean half a day. Also, I bought a portable battery to avoid this,but this doesnt work with this phone. You HAVE to use the samsung charger, not just the usb but the actual charger plugged to a wall.
Love this phone, was not disappointed, easy to used. Would recommend!!
Great phone I love it
Like it
Excellent product and service
Excellent product and quality.
Good
Good!!!!
Ok!
Great buy. Item as described.
Excellent Phone came with Original packaging, unbroken seal. Brand new, not a fake.The Good: The camera is better than some expensive SLRs. The camera is worth the price of the phone just my opinion. Comes with fast charger, I also use a QI wireless charging pad works excellent with the phone in a case. Good speed and power (3G of Ram), no lag, Lollipop is excellent. telephone, sound, music all great. Display is the best I've seen, bright and crisp. I can read the screen in direct sunlight. It can run split screens (with most apps) is another cool feature. Iv'e had some fun with "Google talk back", has really improved with lollipop. Not a lot of bloatware. It has a battery optimizer function, I tested it, battery life was over 15 hours gets me well thru my day. I'm using on cricket wireless, I'm sure it will also work on tmobil and at&t.The Bad: noneDislikes: Screen turns completely on when I receive a text rather than just a drop down status bar, I'm looking for a cure. Smart stay: keeps the screen on as long as your looking at it is great but doesn't work well in low light, bright light or for those who wear glasses.Other: Shipping, If you want it quick use two day shipping. I'm not a fan of fedex smartpost.Would I buy again or recommend to a friend? Absolutely!6 month update: Phone is still 5 stars, maybe faster now than when was new.Cons: No Samsung Pay with this model and Samsung Pay is not compatible. I've read mixed inputs as to if ever available for this model SM- 920I
Nice Phone. Looks completely new.Came with charger, earphones, and screen protecter.Very satisfied.
Really like this cellphone. The screen is brilliant and this phone is probably the fastest android phone I have ever used. The fast charge feature really works. I haven't measured it but it gets to a full charge very quickly. The downside? Battery life stinks. With moderate use, by the time 6pm rolls around Its down to about 25% charge.
I have never purchased an unlocked phone and I was very skeptical. The phone arrived a little ahead of schedule. The box, packaging and items inside were intact I wanted to use this phone on StraightTalk. I went to Wal-Mart and purchased the starter kit, inserted the correct sim card and started the setup process. The phone has been working perfectly. The number ported over within 10 minutes and I am totally happy. This has turned out to be a good experience and a great phone. I am glad that I did the research and purchased the G920i. The phone is average size but it has good features.
Was Skeptical about buying this phone but it turned out to be exactlyyy what I wanted!! GREAT PRODUCT!! AND FAST SHIPPING!
Wife really likes her birthday present!
T-mobil phoneBut i love it
Excelente
All excellent !!! very good product arrived on time and waited !! thank you...
They didn't tell me that the nano SIM card is not included so you have to go purchase it separately. Otherwise the phone is ok
The phone was in excellent condition and came with all accessories EXCEPT there were NO headphones. This being the only problem though, I am extremely satisfied.
I bought it for my mom who lives in Europe. So far she is very happy with this phone. I was little bit concerned with the fact that you need to unlock the phone with american sim before using it with any other card. But the process went smoothly. After making a call with an american sim card I inserted european sim and it worked perfectly.I saw that some people had problems with seals. I didn't have any issues, phone came in a brand new box with well attached seals. Also, I had no problems with phone being formatted to any specific language.
Phone works great, love the phone, with it being unlocked you do lose a couple features such as the ability to use Samsung Pay. But if you can live without a couple features you'll love the phone
I love it
Beautiful phone! None of the labels were broken. It's indeed a real samsung s6 with serial numbers lol... my daughter is gonna be so excited! I am using the Walmart Family Mobile plan with the phone just be sure to tell the salesperson to give you the NANO sim card SMH they gave me one that was too big at first so I had to make another trip and return it but everything works fine and the camera is amazing! ! Surely to put a smile on my daughter face in the morning for Christmas so thanks for selling at this price unlocked and thanks for the fast shipping. I am jealous and will be ordering me from you very soon 😉
I love my phone
Yes it did
Excelente
I've been using it for one month already and great so far
Love it thank you so much. My daughter has her own phone back
Amazing phone it's as fast and snappy as a phone can get. The battery life is not the best but is not bad at all. TouchWiz is much better in this generation and if you don't like how it looks you can change it all with a theme.
This is shahana hashem.Something wrong with my phone.I need to change my phone
Great
Excelente product
Arrived on time with amazon delivery service. Phone is everything I expected and more. No complaints.
lovee love love. it's just beautiful
These went to friends in Mexico and they love them.
Very good
Exllent very good phone iam veryhappy
I'm really happy with your product. thank You :)
I have been using it for less than a week and so far I wasn't able to use many of its features. However, one day after it arrived I traveled, and I LOVE the camera! The photos I took are really nice. It really surprised me, even the photos I took against the sunlight were good! I was planning to buy an iphone 6 but as they do not sell the golden one anymore I decided to buy the Samsung S6. I do not regret changing my mind, especially because it has 32Gb instead of Iphone's 16Gb.
Very happy with my perches
Very nice
Bought 1 for my wife...we're both happy 😜
Works wonderfully, arrived quickly and in great condition. Wouldn't hesitate to buy again.
Nice
Great phone!!!
Very nice phone. Failed to work with fingerprint and Samsung Pay. Works very good on everything else.
Nice upgrade from my s3. Using with Straight Talk so far works as expected.
Great cellphone
Just set up phone yesterday so not alot of usage yet. Screen looks more vibrant than the prev S3. Like what I see so far.
Thank you for the phone, I payed $ 49 to unlock the phone. But still great phone
From office use to entertainment.
Love this phone. It worked right out of the box with my T-Mobile sim.
***Beware*** This phone is an "International Phone" from Mexico and carries no US warranty. I was unable to register the phone with Samsung US online. When I called the Samsung (US) customer service they were unable to validate the IEMI, Serial or Model numbers. I contacted the seller and he quickly responded telling me that the phone was an "International Phone" and he could sell me a warranty insurance for $60. I loved the phone but I am not willing to accept something which was misrepresented in the ad. There was nothing in the product description to indicate the phone was "International" and as such carried no US warranty.I have returned the phone and purchased another Samsung Galaxy 6 (with US warranty included) from Best Buy now on sale for $499.
great phone! said it was compatible with straight talk but its not!
Good
Very good phone! Had no issues.
I l ike it, but battery drains out too quickly. I was expecting it to be capable of holding charge a little longer. Besides that everything is awesome. The best phone I have ever held in my hands.
It is a great product. It works perfectly and it 's very fast.
By far the best price I have found. Works beautifully so far on Cricket Wireless. Thank you for the great deal! :)
Excellent
Good phone...Liked the display and picture quality. ....
It is perfect.I like it so much
After upgrading phones every 6 months or so, I find that the Samsung Galaxy S6 is the best smartphone on the market.It's got a great style with its Gorilla Glass 4 front--and back. The thinness and overall look of the phone makes it standout. This phone is even thinner than the Apple iPhone 6!Don't buy this phone on looks alone. With its speedy processor and great camera you are buying a first class phone. I just came from the HTC One M9 which I really liked, but even that great phone's features looks weak when compared to the Galaxy S6.If you look hard enough you probably can find some faults. Yes this phone does not have the great sound that the HTC One M9 delivers, but you will never notice when you check out the Galaxy S6 overall. It would have been nice if this phone would have included an extra memory slot. A replaceable battery is not possible with this phone since it cannot be removed.Your customization options are never endless with this (and most Android phones). Just try to modify Apple's phones by comparison! Since Samsung's sales were starting to look sluggish compared to Apple's, so they dropped the price by about $100. And that was enough of a difference to make me switch to the Galaxy S6.If you are looking for a top-of-the-line smartphone, look no farther than the Samsung Galaxy S6.
Absolutely love the phone.
A smooth modern design with a great camera make this phone a stunner.
Good phone. Wish battery life was better.
I love this phone..I need to get used to all the stuff on it..went from a flip phone to this. love the photos..thanks
Exactly what I ordered. The phone works perfectly.
Nice phone, no battery issues.
Excellent
Exceeded expectations. A great buy. OUR SECOND PURCHASE WITH the SAME SAMSUNG quality.
amazing phone, came from a bb q10 and I am loving it
Im still figuring out if i like or not this phone. The gold color is really nice, it works well and most important IT WORKS IN ARGENTINA! but coming from LG I feel pretty unconfortable with some features, but its a matter of time I guess.Nice phone, works well.
as expected.
Excelente product.
Came as advertised. No trouble connecting to the t-mobile network.
Excellent product!
Everything worked perfectly out of the box. I'm using a WIND mobile sim card in the U.S. (roaming on T-Mobile) and it connected with no issues. The camera on this phone is really impressive compared to most phones and the fast charge is pretty handy when you have only 15 minutes to charge.
My husband loves those
nice phone
Fast delivery. Original and everything is as expected. Just got a sim card and it works great !!
Perfect!
Best phone ever made!
Works as it should. As described.
I have nothing negative to say about this phone. It is Awesome! The best smart phone I have ever owned. No problems with setting it up and easy to use.
Very good cell phones everthing that I need and wanted .
Over all good
You cant make video calls on it though.
good
very nice...
So far is good
great phone
Excelent
Awesome works wonderfull jus one thing needs a nano sim card a heads up
PHONE WORKS AMAZING ON METRO PC. This is a real s6. shipping was fast
Great phone!
Screen resolution is so vivid and bright. i love ny new phone. So happy I purchased it. The fact that it does not have a memory card slot or removable battery does not bother me. I don't think I will use up more than 32G of memory.
Great phone got it the next day!
The Samsung Galaxy S6 has been the best phone experience I have ever had and that means a lot. Personally I never ever stick with a phone for maybe more than 1 month. I'm constantly watching youtube videos and then buying the phone they talk about. But with the Samsung S6 I get all of those phone in one smooth and very beautiful phone. I love this phone and if you get this phone I promise you will too. BUY THIS PHONE.
just perfect...
Very happy with the phone. Brand new and everything came with it
Everything great. Works great in mexico. I love it.
Only bad thing about this product was that it did not come with a factory USB samsung cable. It was some kind of vietnam made cable, and rather than charge my phone, it would have the lightning bolt like it was charging, but it absolutely would not charge. I had to charge it in my car last night to get my phone to charge. Other than that, phone works pretty well
Everything ok
Im in love with this phone. I was surprised to learn that there wasnt a need for a sd card.
Perect
This phone is awesome! As far as I can tell it works just fine. I had ordered one before just like it, but sent it back because some of the letters on the keyboard didn't respond when you pushed them. Return was super easy, and now I have this one, and I love it!
I guess my only complaint so far is the battery life, hopefully Android 6.0 will improve it a bit. Overall great phone!
Got in time. So far working great. It comes with a headphone, a sim extracting pin, and a regular wired charger. It does not come with a charging base, which needs to be bought separately.
Excellent! I recommend it
I am more than glad with this phone.
So far as my first cell phone, I am impressed with it, but I am still learning how to use it. One thing however, it does seem to discharge the battery when it is on for extended periods of time. This may very well be normal, as I am an inexperienced user.
very nice working phone no problem
Satisfied, thanks
love my s6 Galaxy
Great phone
10 puntos excelente!
excellent product, guarantee the jente, they are very fast and powerful, and work great
All perfect
It is very nice it running slow
Best phone i ever purchased. Worth every penny.
Excellent choice!! Perfect delivery.Good price.!!!
The best cellphone
Arrived on time. Works like a charm! Replaced an Iphone that I didn't like at all.
Have been burned before with another company on a different phone. Had to send back. Not this one. Great phone, great price, Great fast service.
Phone is pretty light weight esp compared to my last windows phone which was cumbersome to haul around. Battery needs recharging about every other day. Sharp camera. This was my first Samsung so had to ask another user re retrieving voice mail & recording and sending videos but this is a great phone. Definitely needs a case bc it is smooth and slides around on any surface.
This phone was perfect for my intended StraightTalk use. I only had to buy a nano SIM from StraightTalk to activate it. Couldn't be more happy.
Im soo glad that my phone is actually new. I was prepared to send it back if it wasn't new. Thank God i didn't have to.
very good
The Samsung Galaxy S6 is an incredible android phone.
Great product from an amazing seller. It arrived earlier than expected and the packaging was perfect and safe. Great choice and price for buying an unlocked Galaxy S6.
No problems, just what I was looking for. Great size, shape and overall feel in the hand. Just like an iPhone but better. Recommend getting the cordless charging station - it makes charging so easy and also helps me keep track of the phone so I dont leave it around the house and lose it. I initially liked the fingerprint ID to unlock but found that I use my hands so much that it became less reliable. That's my only disappointment. Other than that, lightning fast and high quality from Samsung. Highly recommend.
Excelent. I recomend.
I was a bit apprehensive ordering this phone over Amazon. I normally buy all of my cell phones through my cell phone carrier. But I read such great reviews ordering through Amazon, I thought I would give it a try. (I already order weekly from Amazon, but never a cell phone). I ordered this cell phone and it came just as described, in new condition, brand new box with most importantly UNLOCKED. I simply took my old cell phone and this new cell phone to my carrier (AT&T) and the sales agent transferred all of information from my old phone to my new phone. It took only about 10 minutes for her to do this. It was that simple. I saved about $150 ordering the cell phone over Amazon than walking into the actual AT &T store and buying it outright. I am very pleased with my purchase. I love the Samsung Galaxy S6. It is slim and lightweight and lightening fast. And what I absolutely love is the super power charger that came with it. I had no idea that this little charger would charge my phone in 20 minutes. I can't say enough good things about this purchase. I will order another online. Great experience. Not problems at all. Very satisfied customer.
love it much better than my old iphone!
fast, comfortable, beautiful
Very nice smart phone. Easy to use and works flawlessly.
Perfect
I absolutely love this galaxy s6 phone. Is is unlocked, and is NOT a fake. I chose to get this one and not the edge or edge plus because I have small hands and have heard lots of complaints of touching apps when not wanting to.
Phone was able to connect to T mobile fine and gets 4g lte. Needs a nano sim card to connect.
very good
Great product just as described and fast shipping!
Excelente
So far so good. I really like this phone. After a short learning curve from my old S2 it is a very good phone. No issues, good battery life, excellent video and camera. Very satisfied after 1 month.
Excellent phone
Awesome phone
Excellent!
Awesome Phone
all was according to the expectation
Ordered this with some concerns. When I received it there were no problems. It was in an original box with an original seal. The box said it was international but the product is unlocked and works with Att, cricket, metro, and t mobile
L O V E
Very good qaulity phone.
This is great everything is as stated no problems !
Very good
This was a gift for my mother and she absolutley loved the phone because it looks beautiful, the screen size isnt obsesively big like most phablets today and it takes amazing pictures.Makes an awesome gift.
Fantastic product, arrived in time and everything was factory sealed. I wish the battery lasted longer, but that's another story.
I got my phone within the 2 days they promised. It is everything they described. Nice phone, however I had to get used to the programs. My camera did not have any modes other than panorama or auto. FYI, if you see that is the case, all you need to do is change the display from easy start to the other tab. Now I have all types of mode and downloads for my camera.Really love the phone and the company I bought it from was just as prompt with my concerns.
great phone
Love the phone, but knocked a star off for not being waterproof. That would have been a killer feature and why Samsung went backwards on this is beyond me.
I got it less than a month ago and so far it's good
No words! This phone is amazing.
I've only used it for about three days but I think it should get six stars, I really like it. My previous phone was a Galaxy s3 and while it worked well, it had some quirks that irritated me. One was the way I had to close web pages. This phone fixed that, closing web pages is a snap. I use this on TMobile, via Walmart Family Talk with unlimited talk, text, and data and switching phones on the account was painless. The only glitch was this phone uses the Nano Sim Card but a quick trip to Walmart and $20.00 solved that. Well satisfied.
Great Product.
Haven't been able to use ir yet, as I'm waiting for the sim card, but its original as I coud see, which is the most important thing. Bought it for my husband, I already have the s6 edge and I love it so, I guess it'll be much like that.the only bad thing it has, is the battery, it doesn't last long, its the only critic I can do. Hear that's something they solved with the new model, the S7, but I haven't tried that one yet.
I love it! great price!
This phone has the best camera I have ever seen on a phone. It has replaced so many gadgets in my purse. Samsung did everything right when making this phone. I will hold on to it until it dies on me.
I had no problem using this in a U.S. Territory. It is what it is. The phone is of great quality. The phone came with S6 packaging with the white box and all accessories included. The S6 has not given me any difficulties.
Slim phone and have Good primary camera.
Good
Excelent!!!
I love it
Samsung 6s phone is great. Love, love, love it.
Nice phone and I would recommend to buy. Has advanced features. I like this phone.
Quality and battery is good.
So far so good. Only issue is that the battery drains virtually quickly even though I don't have many apps installed. Also the camera quality isn't A1. Other than that, very good phone. Shipping was quick and easy. Phone didn't come with any seals broken or scratches. I'm a happy customer
It's so worth every penny.
I bought this phone for my father, and I can honestly say it is a good phone. Sure I'm a bit biased, being an apple person and all, but the camera quality was excellent, and the phone itself was beautiful!
Is good
So far so good. Great phone good price
VERY NICE CELL
Nice and beautiful phone. Very useful!
great phone
The product was received in great condition and works fine.
Excelente
Amazon: excelent, as always!!!The telephne: excelent too!!
Initial Review 1. Build - Hardware: The build quality of S6 is top notch, if not better, then as good as the iphone. The photos in the website or in the samsung portal do not do justice to the actual look and feel of the phone. There are reviews that mention the s6 look similar to iphone 6 and I would agree to that. I moved from an S3 to S6. The S3 after 3 years of use, had become slow, but moving the same apps to S6, the apps worked seemlessly. 2. Screen: The 577 pixels per inches is pixel density results in a screen with crisp displays and super sharp and smooth images. 3. Software: The android build on the S6 has so far run smoothly for past 3 months and so has all the apps I have used so far. 4. Camera: I havent played around with the photo as much as the video. The video on this is just incredible.4K ultra-HD video. The color reproductions are like something out of Downtown Abbey.Yes, the battery life on a single charge is nothing to talk about. I get a whole days use. The upside is that the phone comes with a super charger that charges the phone to 90% within 30 minutes or so.Long time Review1-Month: We end up finding some new feature every time we use it.i. GPS navigator - We used S6 as a navigator while travelling to New York. Compare the 60's cartoon screen of an Garmin with 577 ppi screen of S6 and you willl understand why you WANT to use S6 as a navigator even if you dont need to. Google maps has an offline mode, as long as you have enough storage on your phone to download the maps of the location. The best part was that during navigation, an incoming call, would just should up as a smally rectangular bar with information about the caller and accept/decline button and at the same time, the navigation would still be displayed.ii. Finger Print unlock. Setting up is a breeze. there was a bit of apprehension whether if it will work. For one, the fingerprint unlock worked every time, the first time and again, there is a backup password (in case finger print doesnt work)6 month review:i. iphone6 and 6s have come and gone and after comparing the S6 to iphones my vote is for S6.ii. S6 continues to work without issues. The phone accidently dropped from 5 ft and there was no scratch on it - I did have a protective cover.
very slipper, very fragile.Good speed and wonderful camera.
Thanks you
Very high quality phone. Best Galaxy phone so far. Battery life just so-so. Fortunately it recharges extra quick(heats up quite a bit while charging) . Beautiful screen. Slippery, so a case is required.
Meets my expectations. Good camera quality, easy to handle
Excellent
Nice phone
Is a good cell phone, really powerfull and beauty ;)
Product is excellent☺☺☺☺
I only owned the phone for a few days, and I like it very much so far. The screen is awesome, very bright and sharp. It makes great pictures, although I was surprised to find out that you do not need to unlock the phone to take pictures. I see possibility of pranks and unauthorized picture taking. The phone works so fast compared to my old not so smart smartphone, it is amazing how things are changing. The phone is lightweight, charges fast, and the battery last for quite long time. I signed up for MetroPCS, my main complaint is that I had to go the store to activate the phone. They would not accept the phone online (they only list ancient phones in their bring your own page, probably to discourage people from buying phones from other places). Do not buy sim card from the store - online and at Walmart it is $10, the MetroPCS guy wanted $25 for the card.Update: I got second S6 phone (White) for a family member, and activated it with Ting service, it was very easy, I needed to order a GSM SIM card from them, and it takes a few days to arrive. You activate the phone with the SIM card then, not with the phone itself. I am thinking about switching my own service to Ting, too.
So happy with my purchase ! Have been getting familiar with phone all day and i dont want to put it down. Just received yesterday. Very thrilled with purchase.
Great phone!
very good
I looked like new handled like new. Battery life not so good but I think that is samsung's issue
Very happy with this phone and its features.
really kind did what he had to do to make the customer happy awsome person
It charges my phone and is a very tight fit
It was nice, sealed and all original T-mobile version, working straight with my own t-mobile sim card, this phone come with new Nano sim card so if you want new number it is all ready .. accessories was sealed as well and new . And I LOVE ITalso got 100GB of free OneDrive space with this phone for store my photos for 2 years and many other offers .. worth the purchaseI am back from Win Lumia 1020 to Android and it is better beside the camera since Lumia 1020 has 36megapixels but I really enjoy this phone the super charger is the best .. fast charging​
Excellent
I like it but I bought it used. Sometimes you can't call out or get calls but I pain $277 for it so it works great for what I paid. I am thinking of buying a new (not used)one because it is a great phone.
Okay so I bought a 32 GB Gold s6 from LTE Wireless; Ordered I believe the date was...7/10/16 (sunday) paid for 2 day shipping got it on Wednesday morn 7/13/16. Originally the phone came blacklosted and I couldn't use my sim card. Boy was I mad. I emailed LTE Wireless right away. The response took all of 4 minutes (if that) and Mark, I guess the rep there explained that it was bought at a T-mobile auction and had recently said clear. I told him that I seen for myself online. Long story short the next day he told me to give him a few hours, and that he would not go home until he had it taken care of. He also told me that they had been in business for over 25 years!! That made me feel comfortable. Around 9pm (roughly 10+hrs later) Mark emailed me saying that my phone was clear and ready to use. It was!! I appreciate that SO MUCH. Despite my occasional rudeness, he stuck to his word. Would DEFINITELY recommend rod company. Thank you Mark!-A happy customer
Love the phone. Very easy to use and very clean operating system. Not a lot of extra apps on the phone which I love.
Loved the phone looks practically new works very well. Shipped very fast.
I like it alot It dam sure beats that Alcatel i had!
I've previously owned the Galaxy s3 for 2 years and I decided it was time for an upgrade. I bought this phone Refurbished and the phone came in brand new! sealed and in its original package with the charger and ear buds and SIM tool. I'm a full-time student and part-time worker so i most of the time keep my phone on Ultra power saving mode during class and work and when i get home 4 pm I still have 50% of battery or more. The Phone is definitely an upgrade for me. this phone is twice the generation of my previous phone. Whether or not you need this phone and is worth the cost is up to you. Camera is amazing, very sharp those 16 mega pixels don't disappoint. Fingerprint sensor recognizes your finger pretty easily,never had an issue with it. I also love how fast it is when you press the home button twice to open the camera it literally takes a second or less. Also i hope you take care of your phones because this phone has a glass back with a camera protruding out of it so be careful. I recommend getting a case ASAP. Although you can take care of your phone no problem it's still good to have a case just in (case)lol you might drop it one day since it is a slippery phone. Display is very crisp and beautiful. Also to help you fix that little problem with the button lights for the galaxy s6 next to the home button. Get the app called Galaxy button lights to control that feature because the settings do not include that option to change the duration of the lights or to turn them off permanently. - K bye!
I looked like new handled like new. Battery life not so good but I think that is samsung's issue
Very happy with this phone and its features.
really kind did what he had to do to make the customer happy awsome person
It charges my phone and is a very tight fit
Excellent
I like it but I bought it used. Sometimes you can't call out or get calls but I pain $277 for it so it works great for what I paid. I am thinking of buying a new (not used)one because it is a great phone.
Love the phone. Very easy to use and very clean operating system. Not a lot of extra apps on the phone which I love.
I am very satisfied with the phone. It looked brand new out of the packaging. I did experienced a problem with the lock screen. I was using a pattern to unlock the phone and suddenly the correct password was no longer accepted. I had to use my back-up to my PIN to unlock my phone and change the lock screen settings. I don't trust the pattern access anymore because too many incorrect attempts will wipe the phone of all information that is not backed-up.
I'm pleased so far thanks
As described
Fantastic phone and price
Very nice; just make sure to clear all background apps to prevent overheating while it's charging.
Like it better than my old iPhone 5. Better camera of course. Bigger screen obviously. Good charging time but no many phones out there can compare to how quickly the iPhone charges. One concern is when I move icons from one page to the other it sticks. It will not budge and I have to be patient for it to catch or try again and again. Anyway, so far so good for a refurb phone.
I got a refurb. It is in great condition. Everything works fine. It arrived faster than advertised. I am pleased with my purchase. Would buy again.
I absolutely love this place! At firate I was sceptical buying a refurbished phone but it is a! No issues! I love this phone!
Replacement phone for one stolen. Like this phone a lot.
Great low cost solution for a nice phone. Looks and performs like new. Saved a lot of money on 2 of them. Shipping was fast, arrived before expected.
I am very pleases
It was exactly what I was looking for! No scratches or dents either! Love love love this phone! It doesn't come with a Verizon Sim card though. You can just go to the closest Verizon store and ask for one. I paid $10.60 for it. But you could also buy one off amazon for like $5. I definitely recommend getting this phone if you are trying to save money! Buying the same phone off Verizon for $600 is ridiculous! This one is just as good!
Perfect condition.
My sister loves the phone when my sister is happy I am awesome. Thank you and God bless you!
This is my second s6. Ruined the original last summer while submerged in the Bitterroot river. Hot phone, cold river sucked the water into the phone. Replaced it with a used S5. Got a good deal(this one) on a refurbished phone. The phone looked brand new, no scratches and works perfectly. The S6 is the ultimate smartphone, a finished product. I enjoy being outdoors and running long distances while listening to music. The display is excellent and you can see it in direct sunlight. I use my Garmin 235 with the Garmin Connect software on the phone which turns out to be the perfect combination for outdoor sports. The camera takes great photo's and it is fast. Video is excellent. They have an improved sensor for heartrate, oxygen and stress. Unlike the prior S5, the sensor displays a sine wave and seems to be consistent and accurate. The glass and metal is a beautiful combo and feels expensive in your hand. I used an Otter Box on my destroyed S6, while it provides excellent shock resistance, it is not water proof. Water will destroy this phone, more so than any electronic device I have used in the past.. I purchased a S6 Waterproof Case, Caka [Newest Version] Full-body Underwater Waterproof, for my S6 when I am near water or when it is raining. the battery seems to last a long time depending on how I am using it.
I love my phone. It came much earlier than I expected. It was very shiny and scratch/dent free. It looks pretty new. Everything works perfect. I'm very pleased with this purchase. And vendor also replied to my concerns in a very timely manner!
Nice replacement to my S4
So far so good. Learning is slow.
For refurbished totally worth the price savings and works great. Only visible anomalies were at the charging port and it was just the shell that was scratched.
Just as presented, very happy!
VERY NICE
Battery life is short, doesn't get through the day even on power save.
Excellent condition. Good quality and value for money.
I was expecting a refurbished phone but the phone I actually received was brand new. There's literally nothing for me to complain about lol.
Good phone... Battery in good shape (lasts about 20 hours between charges)... Works as expected. No complaints
I'm happy with my phone. I decided to take a risk and buy this refurbished phone instead of spending almost $700 on the Galaxy 7, which seems ridiculous. I researched the sellers and this seller had lots of positive reviews. The phone arrived, looking brand new, and it works like a new phone also. So far, so good.
Bought this as a development phone for our work. It works great and it was almost half price. Can't beat that!
It works like it should. I am very happy with the phone.
Perfect condition. Works with Verizon pre-paid.
Great phone and it delivered quickly
This phone came in great condition and good working order, it had a couple small dings on the casing (it now has more since I dropped it, whoops. Still works great though), but nothing obvious or beyond what you'd expect from a refurbished product. The phone works great and I like it a lot. The reason for a 4 star rating is that the battery life is not great. Even without heavy use I have to plug it in and charge it come the evening or else it will be in danger of having the battery die. That is my only complaint though. Good price for a good product.
This phone is refurbished so I was curious how it looked. I am very impressed, it looks perfectly new in every way. I added a Verizon SIM card and it worked perfectly. All data transferred over to this phone with ease.
Item is a Verizon phone, mine came in with little wear as far as I've seen so far. Works great so far! Definitely buy a glass screen protector and a case though!
Great phone
I bought this to replace another one. This is a good fit.
Really good. I've been in need of an upgrade and this is exactly what I've needed, besides no warning that the phone takes a micro Sim card not your average card for the Galaxy S5 or S4. This product has been amazing.
Great phone
Good phone at a great cost.
nice phone as described
Came good as new great purchase for a refurb.
Great phone at a good price.
Just purchased this refurbished phone after my other galaxy had an accident and broke... Description said excellent condition, and truly the phone looks good as new! Working very well so far, only had to pop in my sim card and go.
Love it!
Perfect for teenager on straight talk. No issues or concerns. Good battery.
Works well no problems
came very quick! I love it!
Bought for my teenager.... he loves it!
I'm pleased so far thanks
As described
Fantastic phone and price
Like it better than my old iPhone 5. Better camera of course. Bigger screen obviously. Good charging time but no many phones out there can compare to how quickly the iPhone charges. One concern is when I move icons from one page to the other it sticks. It will not budge and I have to be patient for it to catch or try again and again. Anyway, so far so good for a refurb phone.
Going from the S3 to the S7 was quite a leap! Multi-window feature is great. Screen size is perfect for me, image sharp & clear. The phone is slim and elegant. Just love it.
Good product
Almost perfect... perfect display, battery, build quality, etc.Removing 1 star because design does not allow for dual SIM plus sd card: you need to choose one or the other.
love it! great performance. product came in fully sealed, genuine.
Very good thanks you arrives on time very fast shipping
Great product.
The item was I was expecting
Great hardware with child-setting UI. Camera makes wonderful pictures. But UX of Samsung's Android is ugly. Unfortunately moving to any other Android mod will break some very useful features.
Great phone - some boatware installed but simple to uninstall or disable. Came with cheap US adapter, but not frequently in US enough to matter. Camera outperforms.
Great!
Love the phone and everything was intact. But the only problem I had was they sent an adapter meant for European outlets so I had to use one I already had. But I guess I'll be prepared if I ever got to Spain or something. 😅
Dope phone.
the phone works perfect with both sim. the second sim works in 2g only. I have to buy a charger because the one which come with the phone is for Asia and it needs an adapter.
Great product! FANTASTIC camera! Thanks!
Excelent
Great!
I like it. As some others have pointed, I don't the 4G LTE signal ever. Not quite sure if it's the network operator issue or the phone. I can't imagine it being the phone issue. Even so I can stream Youtube videos on 4G without any issues. Compared to my old S3, S7 is a huge upgrade. Everything is faster. Network pages load so much faster than my old S3, on par with my gaming desktop.
This phone is really fast and works great. Plenty of memory and a SD slot to boot. Can install lots of apps. Cannot move apps to the SD card, unlike my Samsung Galaxy J1 dual-SIM phone.The Galaxy S7 can accept two SIMs, but the second SIM would take the place of the SD slot. That's unfortunate: You can not use the SD slot and second SIM. Either or. Thus, the four-star rating.The GPS works really well. The bluetooth works well. Wifi works well. No problems with the Android.The phone comes with a European style plug, a USB cable, a little pin to eject the SIM tray, and earphones w/mic.I tried to register the phone with the US Samsung website and Samsung did not recognize the serial number nor the IMEI numbers. I don't know if that's because the dual-SIM phone isn't out here in the USA or it's a fake phone. Of course, the listing says no warranty. Seems real and works great, anyhow.Supposedly it is water resistant, but I didn't test that.
It's a Great phone.
When I bought this phone everything was in English (UK) I managed to make it fully ENGLISH ( US) with t-mobil the only thing I did not like is that you cannot use samsung pay or photoshop mix (app) on this phone this phone has restriction for some reason and idk why all international unlocked phones do....and this phone I got does not say galaxy s7 on the back instead it says (duos) I don't know why ....another thing I be alive these phones are original box was not opened came in its original box with earphones and pin but with a different charger it had a (UK) charger not compatible with (US) OUTLETS besides the point I tested this phone in water and( it is water proof) I liked the phone get well complemented on it people like it apecialy when the clock is always on.... hope this helps the buyer I bought from was (THE WIRELESS CIRCLE )
So far, so good. Very worried that it has no US warranty.
ok
its a good product
Bought the pink Samsung Galaxy S7. It came with headphones, a charger, and a phone media transfer adapter as well. I live in TX and have Metro PCs, which is a GSM card on the T-Mobile network. I love this phone! ❤
love it thank you !
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Wonderful so far, loving the sleekness of the phone and there were no problems with theSIM installation process either.
Perfect!!!!
great phone and faster than previous Samsungs
Product works great, no issue with the dual sim function and it's exactly as advertised. Delivery was prompt and well managed.If you're thinking about buying, it's definitely worth it. I'm a very happy customer.
Absolutely love our new phone. The international version works perfectly with our cricket service and we saved over $100 versus the US version. My research claimed that the processor of the international version is actually better than the processor that comes with the US version. I can not confirm since I only have the one, but i am completely satisfied and would recommend this phone.BONUS - It does not spontaneously catch on fire like the note7
I've been using this for over a month and I am so happy I bought it. One I absolutely love the pink color, no one else around me has it! Second the photo quality is AMAZING! It's so easy to use, I use to have a Samsung Galaxy S2 (I know I was due for an upgrade but the 2 was still working well)The main reason I picked this phone was because of the photo quality, especially indoors in low light. I have a DSLR but I don't want to have to carry that everywhere to get photos. Actually I felt my phone took better pictures than I could with my DSLR and the lenses I own at the Aquarium(I'm sure if I had more expensive lenses that take fast photos in low light it would be better). Also love the beauty mode :DIt has some great settings and I absolutely love it! I'm including some photos I took with it.
Not bad but Samsung galaxy A5 with two sim cards remains my favorite.. the best samsung ever.
thanks!very good product.on time delivery!
Very good seller and product.
Good product. No issues. I got exactly what was advertised and in perfect condition. I have been using it for about one week now and it works good. The dual sim option works good with no issues.
Ok
This is an excellent phone with dual sim capability. This phone seems to be intended for middle eastern market. One disadvantage of this phone is that it does not support Samsung pay, which is only supported on the US models of S7. Other than that, everything is exactly the same. The US model does not offer dual sim capability. The phone came in a completely sealed box and the box had no signs that indicated that it was opened before being shipped out.
I needed the facility of having dual sim cards instead of having to travel with two separate phones. I had tried the other options using Bluetooth adapters but there were problems with sound quality. This phone with dual sims solves that problem. Being a dedicated iPhone user I had to get used to the different operatingredients features. My experience indicates that one needs to be patient in having one's data transferred and getting used to the difference with iPhone. However I note the Galaxy S7 is an excellent phone with some additional features over iPhone. The camera is better than that on iPhone 6.
great
It gets warm when I listen to music, podcasts, or books.
great
Great phone. Switched from iOS to Android and I'm already loving it two days in. My international version came with an European adapter, so I couldn't charge my phone with the power outlet. Wish it came with an U.S adapter.
great phone, very fast and powerful Android phone
Great phone. The warranty thing is iffy. My phone got once and turned green which scared me (after a session of VR). But this was a one-time occurrence. I hope buying a phone with no protection wasn't a mistake!Overall, I love the S7. Battery lasts me all day, charging is fast. I can't give it 5 stars because of that one glitch and the lack of warranty -- but then again I knew what I was getting.I win as long as it can last at least 3 years. I am very protective with my phones so that is completely plausible.
Extent
Excellent!!
I love this phone! I was worried that it may not work on the Cricket network, but it's been great! Very happy!
Was skeptical initially; but i am glad i bought it..
Works very well. Very happy with it.
Good phone
This is an excellent phone with dual sim capability. This phone seems to be intended for middle eastern market. One disadvantage of this phone is that it does not support Samsung pay, which is only supported on the US models of S7. Other than that, everything is exactly the same. The US model does not offer dual sim capability. The phone came in a completely sealed box and the box had no signs that indicated that it was opened before being shipped out.
I needed the facility of having dual sim cards instead of having to travel with two separate phones. I had tried the other options using Bluetooth adapters but there were problems with sound quality. This phone with dual sims solves that problem. Being a dedicated iPhone user I had to get used to the different operatingredients features. My experience indicates that one needs to be patient in having one's data transferred and getting used to the difference with iPhone. However I note the Galaxy S7 is an excellent phone with some additional features over iPhone. The camera is better than that on iPhone 6.
I bought this for my husband. He had a s5. The changes are super nice! I love the camera and how fast this phone is.
The things I am satisfied:- This phone is beautiful. Honestly, I love looking at this phone and I find myself wiping down the phone to maintain it's reflective dark reflection.- Stunning display. Impressive 5.1 QHD AMOLED display is beautiful and vibrant. It's largely the same as the S6, but that's not a bad thing.- Camera has a great rear camera compared to the S6. Even though the megapixels have been reduced to 12, it has a much better sensor and takes great photos in low-light environments. It auto-focuses super quickly, so you can take pictures as quickly as you can pull up the camera app. - 3000mAh battery is like having a phone + battery case without actually having the thick battery case. Hard to kill that battery in a day. And it comes with the fast Qi charge technology which is charged from 0% to 50% in 30mins only!- Always on mode constantly displays notifications without the need to unlock the phone. - Water resistant. IP68 rated which means the phone can be totally submerged in water up to 1.5m deep and 30 minutes. - up to 128Gb Micro SD expandable memoryThe things Samsung have to improve: - Not removable battery pack. 3000mAh is not enough for a busy day. - No USB-type C so it's not future proof, but then again the lifetime of the phone is 1-2 years.- Only 32GB storage. But you can overcome this with micro-SD storage.- Dual sims function: you have to remove the micro-sd card for the sim 2, otherwise, there is no any other slot for sim2. - I am using T-mobile, the speed of LTE of the dual sims international version is very not stable and slow than the one I used on my iphone 6s GSM unlocked ver.- For some reason, my phone doesn't always recongnize my fingerprints. I've reset them a couple times and it still doesn't always read it correctly. My iphone6s had fingerprint readers and its quicker or more accurate than the S7
Love it
Excelente móvil.
Awesome!!!10 points!
The phone is living up to all my expectations.
Exactly as described
Going from the S3 to the S7 was quite a leap! Multi-window feature is great. Screen size is perfect for me, image sharp & clear. The phone is slim and elegant. Just love it.
Good product
When I bought this phone everything was in English (UK) I managed to make it fully ENGLISH ( US) with t-mobil the only thing I did not like is that you cannot use samsung pay or photoshop mix (app) on this phone this phone has restriction for some reason and idk why all international unlocked phones do....and this phone I got does not say galaxy s7 on the back instead it says (duos) I don't know why ....another thing I be alive these phones are original box was not opened came in its original box with earphones and pin but with a different charger it had a (UK) charger not compatible with (US) OUTLETS besides the point I tested this phone in water and( it is water proof) I liked the phone get well complemented on it people like it apecialy when the clock is always on.... hope this helps the buyer I bought from was (THE WIRELESS CIRCLE )
ok
Bought the pink Samsung Galaxy S7. It came with headphones, a charger, and a phone media transfer adapter as well. I live in TX and have Metro PCs, which is a GSM card on the T-Mobile network. I love this phone! ❤
great
It gets warm when I listen to music, podcasts, or books.
great
Great phone. Switched from iOS to Android and I'm already loving it two days in. My international version came with an European adapter, so I couldn't charge my phone with the power outlet. Wish it came with an U.S adapter.
great phone, very fast and powerful Android phone
Great phone. The warranty thing is iffy. My phone got once and turned green which scared me (after a session of VR). But this was a one-time occurrence. I hope buying a phone with no protection wasn't a mistake!Overall, I love the S7. Battery lasts me all day, charging is fast. I can't give it 5 stars because of that one glitch and the lack of warranty -- but then again I knew what I was getting.I win as long as it can last at least 3 years. I am very protective with my phones so that is completely plausible.
Extent
Perfect!!!!
great phone and faster than previous Samsungs
This phone is really fast and works great. Plenty of memory and a SD slot to boot. Can install lots of apps. Cannot move apps to the SD card, unlike my Samsung Galaxy J1 dual-SIM phone.The Galaxy S7 can accept two SIMs, but the second SIM would take the place of the SD slot. That's unfortunate: You can not use the SD slot and second SIM. Either or. Thus, the four-star rating.The GPS works really well. The bluetooth works well. Wifi works well. No problems with the Android.The phone comes with a European style plug, a USB cable, a little pin to eject the SIM tray, and earphones w/mic.I tried to register the phone with the US Samsung website and Samsung did not recognize the serial number nor the IMEI numbers. I don't know if that's because the dual-SIM phone isn't out here in the USA or it's a fake phone. Of course, the listing says no warranty. Seems real and works great, anyhow.Supposedly it is water resistant, but I didn't test that.
It's a Great phone.
When I bought this phone everything was in English (UK) I managed to make it fully ENGLISH ( US) with t-mobil the only thing I did not like is that you cannot use samsung pay or photoshop mix (app) on this phone this phone has restriction for some reason and idk why all international unlocked phones do....and this phone I got does not say galaxy s7 on the back instead it says (duos) I don't know why ....another thing I be alive these phones are original box was not opened came in its original box with earphones and pin but with a different charger it had a (UK) charger not compatible with (US) OUTLETS besides the point I tested this phone in water and( it is water proof) I liked the phone get well complemented on it people like it apecialy when the clock is always on.... hope this helps the buyer I bought from was (THE WIRELESS CIRCLE )
So far, so good. Very worried that it has no US warranty.
ok
its a good product
Bought the pink Samsung Galaxy S7. It came with headphones, a charger, and a phone media transfer adapter as well. I live in TX and have Metro PCs, which is a GSM card on the T-Mobile network. I love this phone! ❤
love it thank you !
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Wonderful so far, loving the sleekness of the phone and there were no problems with theSIM installation process either.
Perfect!!!!
great phone and faster than previous Samsungs
Product works great, no issue with the dual sim function and it's exactly as advertised. Delivery was prompt and well managed.If you're thinking about buying, it's definitely worth it. I'm a very happy customer.
Absolutely love our new phone. The international version works perfectly with our cricket service and we saved over $100 versus the US version. My research claimed that the processor of the international version is actually better than the processor that comes with the US version. I can not confirm since I only have the one, but i am completely satisfied and would recommend this phone.BONUS - It does not spontaneously catch on fire like the note7
I've been using this for over a month and I am so happy I bought it. One I absolutely love the pink color, no one else around me has it! Second the photo quality is AMAZING! It's so easy to use, I use to have a Samsung Galaxy S2 (I know I was due for an upgrade but the 2 was still working well)The main reason I picked this phone was because of the photo quality, especially indoors in low light. I have a DSLR but I don't want to have to carry that everywhere to get photos. Actually I felt my phone took better pictures than I could with my DSLR and the lenses I own at the Aquarium(I'm sure if I had more expensive lenses that take fast photos in low light it would be better). Also love the beauty mode :DIt has some great settings and I absolutely love it! I'm including some photos I took with it.
Not bad but Samsung galaxy A5 with two sim cards remains my favorite.. the best samsung ever.
thanks!very good product.on time delivery!
Very good seller and product.
Good product. No issues. I got exactly what was advertised and in perfect condition. I have been using it for about one week now and it works good. The dual sim option works good with no issues.
Ok
Great phone - some boatware installed but simple to uninstall or disable. Came with cheap US adapter, but not frequently in US enough to matter. Camera outperforms.
Great!
Love the phone and everything was intact. But the only problem I had was they sent an adapter meant for European outlets so I had to use one I already had. But I guess I'll be prepared if I ever got to Spain or something. 😅
Dope phone.
the phone works perfect with both sim. the second sim works in 2g only. I have to buy a charger because the one which come with the phone is for Asia and it needs an adapter.
Great product! FANTASTIC camera! Thanks!
Excelent
Great!
I like it. As some others have pointed, I don't the 4G LTE signal ever. Not quite sure if it's the network operator issue or the phone. I can't imagine it being the phone issue. Even so I can stream Youtube videos on 4G without any issues. Compared to my old S3, S7 is a huge upgrade. Everything is faster. Network pages load so much faster than my old S3, on par with my gaming desktop.
It's everything it said it was and more.
I bought this for my husband. He had a s5. The changes are super nice! I love the camera and how fast this phone is.
The things I am satisfied:- This phone is beautiful. Honestly, I love looking at this phone and I find myself wiping down the phone to maintain it's reflective dark reflection.- Stunning display. Impressive 5.1 QHD AMOLED display is beautiful and vibrant. It's largely the same as the S6, but that's not a bad thing.- Camera has a great rear camera compared to the S6. Even though the megapixels have been reduced to 12, it has a much better sensor and takes great photos in low-light environments. It auto-focuses super quickly, so you can take pictures as quickly as you can pull up the camera app. - 3000mAh battery is like having a phone + battery case without actually having the thick battery case. Hard to kill that battery in a day. And it comes with the fast Qi charge technology which is charged from 0% to 50% in 30mins only!- Always on mode constantly displays notifications without the need to unlock the phone. - Water resistant. IP68 rated which means the phone can be totally submerged in water up to 1.5m deep and 30 minutes. - up to 128Gb Micro SD expandable memoryThe things Samsung have to improve: - Not removable battery pack. 3000mAh is not enough for a busy day. - No USB-type C so it's not future proof, but then again the lifetime of the phone is 1-2 years.- Only 32GB storage. But you can overcome this with micro-SD storage.- Dual sims function: you have to remove the micro-sd card for the sim 2, otherwise, there is no any other slot for sim2. - I am using T-mobile, the speed of LTE of the dual sims international version is very not stable and slow than the one I used on my iphone 6s GSM unlocked ver.- For some reason, my phone doesn't always recongnize my fingerprints. I've reset them a couple times and it still doesn't always read it correctly. My iphone6s had fingerprint readers and its quicker or more accurate than the S7
Love it
Excelente móvil.
Awesome!!!10 points!
The phone is living up to all my expectations.
Exactly as described
This is an excellent phone with dual sim capability. This phone seems to be intended for middle eastern market. One disadvantage of this phone is that it does not support Samsung pay, which is only supported on the US models of S7. Other than that, everything is exactly the same. The US model does not offer dual sim capability. The phone came in a completely sealed box and the box had no signs that indicated that it was opened before being shipped out.
I needed the facility of having dual sim cards instead of having to travel with two separate phones. I had tried the other options using Bluetooth adapters but there were problems with sound quality. This phone with dual sims solves that problem. Being a dedicated iPhone user I had to get used to the different operatingredients features. My experience indicates that one needs to be patient in having one's data transferred and getting used to the difference with iPhone. However I note the Galaxy S7 is an excellent phone with some additional features over iPhone. The camera is better than that on iPhone 6.
great
It gets warm when I listen to music, podcasts, or books.
great
Great phone. Switched from iOS to Android and I'm already loving it two days in. My international version came with an European adapter, so I couldn't charge my phone with the power outlet. Wish it came with an U.S adapter.
great phone, very fast and powerful Android phone
Great phone. The warranty thing is iffy. My phone got once and turned green which scared me (after a session of VR). But this was a one-time occurrence. I hope buying a phone with no protection wasn't a mistake!Overall, I love the S7. Battery lasts me all day, charging is fast. I can't give it 5 stars because of that one glitch and the lack of warranty -- but then again I knew what I was getting.I win as long as it can last at least 3 years. I am very protective with my phones so that is completely plausible.
Extent
everything is good, but wall charger too big
Great phone! I'm loving everything from it. It's a huge step up from Galaxy S5. The migration process is intuitive and includes a USB adaptar to connect your previous phone to this one and copy files directly.
Excellent!!
I love this phone! I was worried that it may not work on the Cricket network, but it's been great! Very happy!
Was skeptical initially; but i am glad i bought it..
Works very well. Very happy with it.
Good phone
Almost perfect... perfect display, battery, build quality, etc.Removing 1 star because design does not allow for dual SIM plus sd card: you need to choose one or the other.
love it! great performance. product came in fully sealed, genuine.
Very good thanks you arrives on time very fast shipping
Great product.
The item was I was expecting
Great hardware with child-setting UI. Camera makes wonderful pictures. But UX of Samsung's Android is ugly. Unfortunately moving to any other Android mod will break some very useful features.
Great!
I like it. As some others have pointed, I don't the 4G LTE signal ever. Not quite sure if it's the network operator issue or the phone. I can't imagine it being the phone issue. Even so I can stream Youtube videos on 4G without any issues. Compared to my old S3, S7 is a huge upgrade. Everything is faster. Network pages load so much faster than my old S3, on par with my gaming desktop.
Product works great, no issue with the dual sim function and it's exactly as advertised. Delivery was prompt and well managed.If you're thinking about buying, it's definitely worth it. I'm a very happy customer.
Absolutely love our new phone. The international version works perfectly with our cricket service and we saved over $100 versus the US version. My research claimed that the processor of the international version is actually better than the processor that comes with the US version. I can not confirm since I only have the one, but i am completely satisfied and would recommend this phone.BONUS - It does not spontaneously catch on fire like the note7
I've been using this for over a month and I am so happy I bought it. One I absolutely love the pink color, no one else around me has it! Second the photo quality is AMAZING! It's so easy to use, I use to have a Samsung Galaxy S2 (I know I was due for an upgrade but the 2 was still working well)The main reason I picked this phone was because of the photo quality, especially indoors in low light. I have a DSLR but I don't want to have to carry that everywhere to get photos. Actually I felt my phone took better pictures than I could with my DSLR and the lenses I own at the Aquarium(I'm sure if I had more expensive lenses that take fast photos in low light it would be better). Also love the beauty mode :DIt has some great settings and I absolutely love it! I'm including some photos I took with it.
Not bad but Samsung galaxy A5 with two sim cards remains my favorite.. the best samsung ever.
thanks!very good product.on time delivery!
Good product. No issues. I got exactly what was advertised and in perfect condition. I have been using it for about one week now and it works good. The dual sim option works good with no issues.
This phone is really fast and works great. Plenty of memory and a SD slot to boot. Can install lots of apps. Cannot move apps to the SD card, unlike my Samsung Galaxy J1 dual-SIM phone.The Galaxy S7 can accept two SIMs, but the second SIM would take the place of the SD slot. That's unfortunate: You can not use the SD slot and second SIM. Either or. Thus, the four-star rating.The GPS works really well. The bluetooth works well. Wifi works well. No problems with the Android.The phone comes with a European style plug, a USB cable, a little pin to eject the SIM tray, and earphones w/mic.I tried to register the phone with the US Samsung website and Samsung did not recognize the serial number nor the IMEI numbers. I don't know if that's because the dual-SIM phone isn't out here in the USA or it's a fake phone. Of course, the listing says no warranty. Seems real and works great, anyhow.Supposedly it is water resistant, but I didn't test that.
Works great! Saved tons on it as well. Yes it's refurbished, there was a small ding on it but the screen was new and everything works great. Fantastic camera. Works with all AT&T services. Go-phone included!
Perfect condition and works great. This phone is a huge upgrade from my last. Incredible display, camera, and super fast!
Best phone I have ever owned.
Phone was new as described and showed up on time. Would buy again.
Delivered completely as described and on time
Great phone works on net10
I'm on the TMobile network and get LTE just fine. Texting, hotspot, and even wifi calling all work. The real estate of the screen is noticeably smaller than the 7 edge, and I'm coming from an edge 6+, but it is enough to get the job done. Wifi is strong and wroks fine, as does google casting and screen mirroring. The best part is the huge battery. I'm a HEAVY user with about 100 apps on my phone, about 20 of them actively doing things (server monitoring, multiple email programs, security cams, etc.) I'm usually well below 20% on my other phone, this one is often still at 50%. Having gone through 6 broken screens this year I needed something as durable but with all my features. This fits the bill for sure. It is comfy in the hand and I was able to transfer all of my stuff to it with no issue, including my Tmobile apps. Take that with a grain of salt, as I am a techie by trade, but I honestly thought it was pretty easy. Chance are you can go to your Tmo store and they'll hook you up as well. Overall very happy.
Great phone. Definitely much improvement compare to S6 Active (that I still use). Battery is longer, it's faster, build quality look more solid but heavier, camera is much better. But honestly I felt that S6 Active design is better.Important note (con) : The screen is laminated with shatter proof film but this film is really easy to scratch. As soon as you get this phone you need to apply a good quality screen protector.
Best phone I've ever had and came in sealed original packaging as expected as a new phone! I love the extra durability and rugged features and tools the S7 Active has. Excellent phone bar-none! This will be my trusty companion for the next 3-4years given its 740 dollar investment!
Very very very good phone.Coming from a Galaxy S4, S5 and S6, and lately from an Iphone 6s, I'm happy to say that it is one of the best phones available in the market right now.High Points:- Battery. Best ever. With heavy usage, a day and a half easily. With regular usage almost two days.- Screen resolution: very good. Best i've seen in Samsung- Camera: Best so far, but if you are an average photographer, nothing new compared to the Galaxy S6. (By nothing new I mean nothing that will change you life)- Good but probably won't use that much: Water resistance, and the capacity button.- FIngertip security: very good. Probably at the same level as the Iphone 6s, but better, much better than Galaxy S6- Roughness: very solid, good grip (better than S6 and 6s). You are never afraid of hitting anything or dropping it.The screen glass though, although it is supposed to handle bumps, I read somewhere that it scratches a lot. Didn't happen to me yet (fingers crossed).Low points:- A little too bulky- WARNING: I saw a lot of blogs and even allegedly a Samsung statement saying that some of the phones had a failure with water resistance. There were many reputable online reviews (CNET I think and some others) that had some problems with this. I tried mine under water and everything went ok. But I suggest asking your seller first if they respond if anything happens.As for the rest, as any of the latest phones. Very good, solid, comfortable, great Android apps.If I have to name only one thing that I liked: The battery. I couldn't believe that no phone can last for more than a day. Well... here you have it!Would I buy it again: no doubt.Would I advise you to buy it? Depending on what you are looking for. If you are the sporty one, that likes roughness and durability:don't doubt. GO ahead.If you are looking for something fancy to show off in parties. Then probably go fo.r an S7 Edge or an Iphone 7.
Great product works well
super téléphone, j'adore !
Phone was new as described and showed up on time. Would buy again.
Delivered completely as described and on time
Great phone works on net10
I'm on the TMobile network and get LTE just fine. Texting, hotspot, and even wifi calling all work. The real estate of the screen is noticeably smaller than the 7 edge, and I'm coming from an edge 6+, but it is enough to get the job done. Wifi is strong and wroks fine, as does google casting and screen mirroring. The best part is the huge battery. I'm a HEAVY user with about 100 apps on my phone, about 20 of them actively doing things (server monitoring, multiple email programs, security cams, etc.) I'm usually well below 20% on my other phone, this one is often still at 50%. Having gone through 6 broken screens this year I needed something as durable but with all my features. This fits the bill for sure. It is comfy in the hand and I was able to transfer all of my stuff to it with no issue, including my Tmobile apps. Take that with a grain of salt, as I am a techie by trade, but I honestly thought it was pretty easy. Chance are you can go to your Tmo store and they'll hook you up as well. Overall very happy.
Great phone. Definitely much improvement compare to S6 Active (that I still use). Battery is longer, it's faster, build quality look more solid but heavier, camera is much better. But honestly I felt that S6 Active design is better.Important note (con) : The screen is laminated with shatter proof film but this film is really easy to scratch. As soon as you get this phone you need to apply a good quality screen protector.
Best phone I've ever had and came in sealed original packaging as expected as a new phone! I love the extra durability and rugged features and tools the S7 Active has. Excellent phone bar-none! This will be my trusty companion for the next 3-4years given its 740 dollar investment!
Very very very good phone.Coming from a Galaxy S4, S5 and S6, and lately from an Iphone 6s, I'm happy to say that it is one of the best phones available in the market right now.High Points:- Battery. Best ever. With heavy usage, a day and a half easily. With regular usage almost two days.- Screen resolution: very good. Best i've seen in Samsung- Camera: Best so far, but if you are an average photographer, nothing new compared to the Galaxy S6. (By nothing new I mean nothing that will change you life)- Good but probably won't use that much: Water resistance, and the capacity button.- FIngertip security: very good. Probably at the same level as the Iphone 6s, but better, much better than Galaxy S6- Roughness: very solid, good grip (better than S6 and 6s). You are never afraid of hitting anything or dropping it.The screen glass though, although it is supposed to handle bumps, I read somewhere that it scratches a lot. Didn't happen to me yet (fingers crossed).Low points:- A little too bulky- WARNING: I saw a lot of blogs and even allegedly a Samsung statement saying that some of the phones had a failure with water resistance. There were many reputable online reviews (CNET I think and some others) that had some problems with this. I tried mine under water and everything went ok. But I suggest asking your seller first if they respond if anything happens.As for the rest, as any of the latest phones. Very good, solid, comfortable, great Android apps.If I have to name only one thing that I liked: The battery. I couldn't believe that no phone can last for more than a day. Well... here you have it!Would I buy it again: no doubt.Would I advise you to buy it? Depending on what you are looking for. If you are the sporty one, that likes roughness and durability:don't doubt. GO ahead.If you are looking for something fancy to show off in parties. Then probably go fo.r an S7 Edge or an Iphone 7.
Great product works well
super téléphone, j'adore !
Phone was new as described and showed up on time. Would buy again.
Delivered completely as described and on time
Great phone works on net10
I'm on the TMobile network and get LTE just fine. Texting, hotspot, and even wifi calling all work. The real estate of the screen is noticeably smaller than the 7 edge, and I'm coming from an edge 6+, but it is enough to get the job done. Wifi is strong and wroks fine, as does google casting and screen mirroring. The best part is the huge battery. I'm a HEAVY user with about 100 apps on my phone, about 20 of them actively doing things (server monitoring, multiple email programs, security cams, etc.) I'm usually well below 20% on my other phone, this one is often still at 50%. Having gone through 6 broken screens this year I needed something as durable but with all my features. This fits the bill for sure. It is comfy in the hand and I was able to transfer all of my stuff to it with no issue, including my Tmobile apps. Take that with a grain of salt, as I am a techie by trade, but I honestly thought it was pretty easy. Chance are you can go to your Tmo store and they'll hook you up as well. Overall very happy.
Great phone. Definitely much improvement compare to S6 Active (that I still use). Battery is longer, it's faster, build quality look more solid but heavier, camera is much better. But honestly I felt that S6 Active design is better.Important note (con) : The screen is laminated with shatter proof film but this film is really easy to scratch. As soon as you get this phone you need to apply a good quality screen protector.
Best phone I've ever had and came in sealed original packaging as expected as a new phone! I love the extra durability and rugged features and tools the S7 Active has. Excellent phone bar-none! This will be my trusty companion for the next 3-4years given its 740 dollar investment!
Very very very good phone.Coming from a Galaxy S4, S5 and S6, and lately from an Iphone 6s, I'm happy to say that it is one of the best phones available in the market right now.High Points:- Battery. Best ever. With heavy usage, a day and a half easily. With regular usage almost two days.- Screen resolution: very good. Best i've seen in Samsung- Camera: Best so far, but if you are an average photographer, nothing new compared to the Galaxy S6. (By nothing new I mean nothing that will change you life)- Good but probably won't use that much: Water resistance, and the capacity button.- FIngertip security: very good. Probably at the same level as the Iphone 6s, but better, much better than Galaxy S6- Roughness: very solid, good grip (better than S6 and 6s). You are never afraid of hitting anything or dropping it.The screen glass though, although it is supposed to handle bumps, I read somewhere that it scratches a lot. Didn't happen to me yet (fingers crossed).Low points:- A little too bulky- WARNING: I saw a lot of blogs and even allegedly a Samsung statement saying that some of the phones had a failure with water resistance. There were many reputable online reviews (CNET I think and some others) that had some problems with this. I tried mine under water and everything went ok. But I suggest asking your seller first if they respond if anything happens.As for the rest, as any of the latest phones. Very good, solid, comfortable, great Android apps.If I have to name only one thing that I liked: The battery. I couldn't believe that no phone can last for more than a day. Well... here you have it!Would I buy it again: no doubt.Would I advise you to buy it? Depending on what you are looking for. If you are the sporty one, that likes roughness and durability:don't doubt. GO ahead.If you are looking for something fancy to show off in parties. Then probably go fo.r an S7 Edge or an Iphone 7.
Great product works well
super téléphone, j'adore !
Excelant
Better than, what I thought
Great!
Seal was broken on the box but phone seemed untouched. Came with a European charger and a converter but I bought a US charger because the converter was bulky. Other than that love this phone. Thought it was plain white but it is Pearl and therefore very iridescent.
I got my Galaxy S6 the last year. After getting this one, I notice that the battery life improves HUGELY. Also the camera is a lot better, even if the Galaxy S6 is the best, the S7 worth the change.
Good price
Awesome phone, very fast and reliable.
Good phone. Had what I requested. Came promptly. No complaints.
Ordered from seller Wireless Circle - received on time. What a fantastic phone! The camera itself leaves my Galaxy S5 (and any model iPhone) in the dust. I will leave the details to other reviewers, but just a couple of comments on the Dual-SIM version which I bought:(a) It doesn't say you have to, but I powered off the phone before putting SIMs in. Why take a chance?(b) Both SIM's sit in the same tray, and you have to be careful that SIM 2 is still seated all the way as you push the tray back in. Any resistance, STOP, and check that everything is seated. By the way, an important note: You may NOT have a second SIM and a microSD card in the phone at the same time - they use the same slot! I don't care about this (yet), as 32GB should be enough memory, but this gave me pause.(c) You can select the default SIM to use separately for each important function: outbound Voice and Text, and data. This is a nice feature, but it's still possible to override these selections when making an outbound call, so you can get mixed up. There is also an on/off function for each SIM which prevents this, as a safety in preventing very high roaming charges!If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't get the silver color. Although it still looks classy, it also looks like a run-of-the-mill iPhone 6 haha. I liked the electric blue color on my S5 better (not available on the S7, as far as I know) - just had more of a wow factor.
Exelente
Best phone ever. I bought the dual sim one and it works awesome.
Excellent. Highly recomendable
Excellent!!!! It works perfectly
I got the UK version of the Galaxy S7 (the only differences with the US version are the processor Exynos 8890 and the charger). The box had been opened and the phone had some traces of fingertips. However, it doesn't look like the phone has ever been used. It still had the protective plastic layers and all the contents in the box were wraped and sealed. The charger is from the UK but a UK-US adapter was included in the box. So far the phone works great and it's beautiful. Compared to what I'd have spent on this phone if I'd bought it from a US carrier I have saved around 100 $. The only thing I didn't like is that the seal was broken. I would like to know why. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.PS: Note that Samsung Pay won't work with the international version. Not sure if it will in the future when the feature is released in the UK.
Working perfectly so far. Did not have a USB/wall adapter compatible for the USA. Another converter was included, I'm assuming it was so I could plug the USB/wall adapter into it, BUT the USB/wall adapter doesn't fit into the plug converter. Still love the phone though!
Just got it a short time ago but love it! The duel sim feature allows me to carry 1 phone for work and personal use. Normal great Samsung quality from what I can tell.
I receive this phone two weeks ago. my first Android phone ever! I've played Android with my friends phone and hated it. but this has changed since I started using this phone. it's fast, thin, beautiful and waterproof.Camera: the camera is good but not Superior to my Lumia 1520. I have not witness any Lag so far. the focusing on Camera is really good I have to say it's actually better than my DSLR. which is kinda sad. and the Quality of photos are coming out perfect especially on PRO Mode which you're able to adjust the ISO, Focus, Tint etc...Screen: far better than my LUmia 1520 I think. the AMOLED Screen is amazing plus on top of that 2k Quality. I love it!I recommend this phone especially if you never own any Galaxy before.
Lovely phone. Great battery life, improved fingerprint sensor and fantastic camera. The battery easily lasts all day with normal usage.
What a nice and elegant phone!! At first, I had difficulty choosing between this model and the Edge one. Finally, I choose versatility and a practical phone. Edge is fashion, but in the daily use, I felt it was going to be bigger and uncomfortable to hold/carry.This phone is very fast, just what I wanted. 4G in Argentina is fast, so I can netsurf at high speed. I'm very happy with this purchase! Great Samsung product!
love this new phone!
My experience in the purchase of this product is very excellent
Great product. Everything as expected
The box was opened, but the phone was in perfect conditions, is dual sim, I wasn't expecting that, so is a plus.The phone is really fast and easy to setup and use, better than older Galaxies, the camera is incredible good, 1 of the best cameras in any phone nowadays.
Works well
Love it!
Works quite well. Never slow nor stuck. Only problem is that back of the phone and right side of metal frame become hot sometimes and I haven't find a way to allevatev the heating
This is a pretty good phone that I got for mobile development for work.5/5. It didn't explode on me :)
good
Haven't had a chance to use it in a different country yet but so far it works a lot faster than my S3. The button on the bottom is a bit harder to press than my S3 but all else is good. Will try to update when I move back to Australia to use it. The charger that came with it is not the Australian one but that is fine.
Excellent
The phone is what it is - better reviews are available elsewhere. This review is for the seller. I bought it from Popular Electronics Inc. They are from Hong Kong. I am in the US. I was worried about getting a fake phone. I got the phone quickly. Its an original. Very satisfied.
What can I say I love my phone. You can get all the info on youtube. One thing I will tell you that you can use it anywhere on the planet except couple frequency bands in China. I've used it in Europe to Japan and even in Dubai and Iraq. Good luck if you get this phone.
Fantastic phone. I have to say that I have never been a Samsung fan, usually I buy Nokia, I tried a Blackberry but now I am addicted to Samsung. Easy to use, even for me - I am no way near being a techno geek. Truly recommend this. I bought the 32GB version as I had tried the Samsung S5 16GB but as I use my phone for everything I soon ran out of memory, even with a memory card. I have had this for 2 weeks and love it! I have been using it every day and it keeps up with me, definitely fast and efficient. I really recommend it.
Nice phone, but if you're going to use it in the US, you may want to buy a US version from a carrier. From what I can find out from trying to get WIFI Calling working all day, it and Samsung pay is not available on the international phone version.
This phone is a monster, it meets every specification indicated. Beats my Nokia Lumia in miles unthinkable. I recommend this phone to anyone who desires to experience a phone, tablet, laptop and camera all in one.
Perfect delivery timing since I was about to travel outside the country and had No issues to get a line since the phone was unlocked.Phone has all the features to be a great working/business tool, fast and easy and also great for entertainment: awesome camera, great sound for music. I LOVE IT and so did my brother, so I had to leave it for him as a present jajaja
Yes
Great
All good
I ordered the Galaxy S7 international addition. It works flawlessly here in the States and I've had no issues adjusting to its new features. Everything came as expected with the phone.
Very fast, lots of functions, and I just love dual SIM cards! I carried a DTAC SIM card from Thailand with me and it's working nicely along with AT&T (US) SIM card. My only complaint about this phone is a quite short battery life, but with that it's still a very good phone worthy of the investment.
Husband really likes his new Galaxy S7 SM-G930UZKAXAA. No problems with using on T-mobile service. Great price on Thanksgiving.
The EXACT phone I needed! Extremely good!
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 for about 8 days. The packaging was good, but not the type where you need help or tools to open it. I found the instructions skimpy but easy to follow and get started. The recharger cord end, that attaches to the phone is a little stiff and so I'm careful when connecting it to the phone.I'm still learning how the phone works but I've found it fairly easy to use. I like to use an item for a month before 'reviewing' it but I made an exception. From what I've seen and been able to do so far with this phone leads me to say I'd buy it again.
Working great with T-mobile. Even though is shows no bars for phone reception on the display, I still get great reception at my home in Minnesota USA with the International Version G930F
New and excellent! Just what I want!
Love it
Asian Gold version. Works great on the cricket service and the is faster and cheaper than in store
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Excellent conditions working perfectly with no problems upon installing the new SIM.No technical problems thus far and looking amazing
Really great product. The camera quality is awesome. Works in Brazil. Really beautiful.
I love my S-7! I went from a Galaxy S-3 to the S-7 and it was quite the leap. I have had the phone for about 3 months now and just dropped it so beware! It was less than a foot off the ground when it fell and it trashed the screen. Now I have to figure out how to get it fixed. However the phone was delivered promptly. I have not had any problems with the phone besides the cracked screen which was my error and not the sellers.
Excellent product!!! I had S4 and now s7, very satisfied again!
Simply great
five star
love it so far its fantastic :)
Using this on AT&T with no problems whatsoever. Great phone.
Excellent phone but the front camera is no the best!
Should I buy the Samsung Galaxy S7?I am speaking of the Asian version with duo slots not the north American version.I had an iphone 6s , went overseas to work for a few months I was using the iPhone 6s it worked fine , except for a 4G connection and lte use overseas , I called apple ask them what type of bug they put in their phone for limiting service providers on the speed of the Internet, they did not fix an issue which I am not going to details about an apple freak would know the problem my of the public is not aware about . Any way I did a lot of reading and research on the better phone . I came across the Samsung s7 specifically the Asian version . At first I was very hesitant about getting it , I was not convinced till I tested the phone now I am convinced it is the world's most fastest phone to surf the net .I have put up a screen shot of the proforma center and no restrictions like Apple on network speed . Now I have placed my iPhone 6s as a paper weight . There goes apple support. The fix is the Samsung s7 . Yes it works well in Africa , Asia, Europe in any network without a certifications need without carrier is not certified issue unlike like Apple.There isn’t a better Android phone out there right now. The Nexus 6P comes close, but it’s much larger, and the Galaxy S7 Edge is a lot more expensive. For the majority of people, I’d say the Galaxy S7 is the phone to pick.It looks great, feels a lot better than the Galaxy S6 due to the curved back, and it performs like a champ.It also has the best all-round camera on any phone, thanks to crisp images and a fuss-free app that’s fast to open, focus and shoot.Samsung has taken the Galaxy S6, an already excellent phone, and fixed just about everything wrong with it. UPDATE .. dated 28-7-2016 , if you buy this phone get a cover and a screen protector , I accidentally dropped the phone from a 2 meter escalator facing the screen head on the phone survived the fall with a single shatter on the screen , still working but the shatter is visible from an angle, I purchased a screen seal so the shatter won't spread all over , I did a search on replacing the screen , no one is willing to replace the screen due to some type of a glue on the system Board, I have to wait until a phone technicians know to prefect a replacement screen on the s7 and 7edge. I would not take the star due to my fault . Be careful not to drop the phone on a hard surface , prone to shatter if not protected !! Like any other smart phones . I did get the cracked Glass on the front replaced with no hassle . The waiting was about 3 hours at the Samsung center in bejing , it can out like new , no cracks that bothered me for a while , I had to pay for the service of replacement on the front Glass, now learned , I did get a screen protector and a solid cover . If you buy a glass shatter phone it is a must to buy the cover and glass shield.. love the phone as far as proformance and speed ..Here we go apple .. watch out ..
I love
Very good
I have been with me for about a week, so far the phone is working perfect. The product is the same the one I ordered.Looks like the battery is not as good as I thought, however, I'm playing with any different features the phone has in order to check that everything is OK, so maybe that's the reason why the battery doesn't keep so long.Great price also.
I like itFast phone
Quick! Excellent product
Just nice phone that feels like solid piece of glossy something with somoething like spring that vibrates and shakes inside.
Solid phone. I would not hesitate to buy an international model a second time.
Really good phone! Just as I wanted
World's BEST smart phone!
Good!~~
Great phone!! Came with all the accesories, new in box and definitely unlocked! Dont go elsewere buy this one
The language on the phone was in Chinese, had to go online to find out how to change to English. Beside that the phone is great.
it's good
'Twas a very good phone. I bought as a gift for my Girlfriend.
I'm very happy with this unlocked Galaxy S7. I like the size, excellent camera, good battery life. Would not go for the Edge model -- too large and expensive. Came with a UK type plug for the charger, but also an adapter for US outlets. Better if it were European/US, but it's unlocked and great for travelers who carry a SIM for the countries they visit/live in.
very good
Works great with no noticeable imperfections.Thanks!
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4 plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize it making it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
best phone out there
Best phone that I ever owned. The Asian version 930F while a little more expensive gives you the option of using duel sim cards, which means you can have two phone numbers if you choose to do so at extra cost, of course. The international variant also has been shown to be a little bit faster than the north american version. You can check out the you tube videos online relating to the speed test. On the other features you can easily discern the specs provided by the seller.
Like this cell very much!! Love its customization features!
This is a review for SM-G930UZKAXAA. The ONLY non-carrier based, Samsung U.S. warranted, factory unlocked phone. Too bad Amazon lumps all the 'unlocked' S7 reviews together. This was very confusing as I gradually figured out that numerous overseas and carrier based versions of the S7 exist. I won't waste time reviewing the phone itself other than the primary differences that this version has.1) - It is has both CDMA and GSM receivers optimized for the bands and channels used by U.S. carriers. In the U.S., Sprint, Verizon and U.S. Cellular use CDMA. AT&T and T-mobile use GSM. I.E. - it is theoretically compatible with any U.S. carrier allowing you to take your phone to any U.S. carrier including the pay as you go services such as Cricket, Boost, Virgin, etc. Set up flawlessly on my Cricket account.2) It does not come pre-loaded with carrier bloatware. Although Samsung does load some of its own that can't be removed. The most irritating being Samsung pay which occasionally generates popups reminding you its available.3) It is warranted by SAMSUNG with full U.S. warranty. No battery issues on the S7, but nice to know it's warranted if something similar to the Note 7 debacle happens.4) Updates are pushed out directly from Samsung. Presumably at a quicker pace than from many experience from carrier versions. I have received one update so far in 60 days.
Good
This phone is excellent. I like it. It works in Ukraine very good.
Great dual sim phone. Fast shipping.
Works quite well. Never slow nor stuck. Only problem is that back of the phone and right side of metal frame become hot sometimes and I haven't find a way to allevatev the heating
Excellent phone delivered on time . Good packing. The phone specs as detailed.
Looks like I'm the first review for the USA unlocked model. I'll just note that yes there is a Samsung pay icon (not available on the international version), and yes there is a warranty on the USA model (not available on the international version).I will also note that I use At&t as the carrier and Go phone as the plan - 4g LTE is lit up and working just fine. This model should work on all major carrier's (even quite a few of the minor names as well).This phone feels pro. The camera quality is the best I have ever seen and it was the main reason for buying this phone. In 5 years I don't want to look back and think that I should have spent the extra money for quality pictures of my kids. The s7 has me covered there. Android phones are also getting out of control big these days - the 5.1 screen on the s7 was another reason I selected this phone. If I wanted big I would buy a DSLR camera...I paired this phone with a OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Frustration Free Packaging - BLACK
Very good product. No problems at all.
I love my new phone it looks amazing and the features are assume
Perfect but may overheat
Great phone. Own both the edge and s7 and would recommend the regular s7 over the edge because of the annoying inputs you get just by holding the phone due to the screen wrapping on the edges. Yet to get a case for the edge since I prefer no case but will have to try one as I heard it helps fix the accidental touches greatly. The s7 feels great and boasts impressive hardware and a 1440p screen. The battery is also decent at 3000 mah. Definitely one of the best smart phones on the market and easily outshines the iPhone
Good phone, best all around phone!
Works great and looks even better. Got here very fast. Did have a little trouble when it was first opened trying to get it to English and not Chinese. Great choice from many different models.
Its great and beautiful. FYI the origin seal region is Arab Emirates and it cannot use Samsung pay.
An excellent phone in every way possible, feels very sturdy and premium when held in your hand.
Very sharp picture and display. The edge makes the picture looks 3D. The slippery glass face does not give me any problem about finger smudge as some people said on internet. However because the glass is slippery so you better get a protective cover not only to protect it but also prevent it from slipping out of your hand.
I got tons of compliments over this phone. They kept asking me where on earth and how did I got a pink phone. So far I'm loving it. Thank you
Love it!! No one has the coral so when I took it to AT&T to get my phone set up the were shocked I had it!! It's worth getting it syncs right up with my hearing aids just fine and with my car perfectly and it doesn't stay locked once it connects with your car so u are completely hands free!! Love the fact the rain will not ruin my phone since I work a lot outside!!
Perfect, exactly as described and without any issues.
Very Good phone
this is an amazing phone. best i have ever owned.
Good buy.Months now.The retailer is too good and had a prompt follow up.The only one issue still haunting me is the charging time,it takes 2-3 hrs to charge from 0-50%.The retailer even send me a new charger free ,which didn't help me.i bought a wireless Samsung charger too ,but in vain.Otherwise the product runs smooth and fast.No hang,hiccups, by Gods grace still going smooth.Thanks for the retailer. All the best for him.
great product
great camera, great battery life, best screen ive seen.great phone overall
excelente
Excelente
Product was received as advertised. Very pleased with delivery time.
It's wonderful, exactly what I needed
muy buen producto
Works very well in Africa - Unlocked
every thing went fine according to expectation.
best phone i had so far, love it
Very good telephone with lots of features. I have the dual sim card, and it operates nicely... pictures are great.Only drawback, the dual sim uses the same space for the dual sim and for the memory expansion slot.
Love it.
Been using it overseas, one US and one foreign prepay sim. Work great, in fact, I don't know why every phone is not like this. I see a lot of trades people with two phones, this is the answer people. When a call or text came in, it tells you through which sim, when you make a call or send a text, you can choose which sim if sends it over. The kicker is that the dual sim is cheapest than the locked single sim. .. the only down side, is that Samsung pay will not work unless you do some surgery, not an issue, I user android pay and that works fine.
Its a great phone, at first i was a little suspicious about this factory unlocked phone, but it turned out great!! dual SIM, easy to configure and overall great! its the best android phone out there so i highly recommended. it comes with everything listed and i checked the IMEI on the phone and the box and it matches. It does however come with the Europe charger but since i had the wireless charger from my S5 that wasnt an issue.
It works very nicely, I had my concerns at first. And because of that it took me almost 3 months to decide on which option I should take.
It's nice
ok
what can i say??? greatest smartphone in market rigth now... cant complain on anything... it wonderful!
Got this phone for 5 days, like it a lot. run smoothly, good looking, battery is good, as long as you know how to set your phone
Very good
I was surprised that the unit could only either take 1 sim card and one memory card or two sim cards. Really have to read the fine print these days to know what you're getting. :/
It's so good
Excelente celular. El dual sim me funciona perfecto. Totalmente recomendable
Totally satisfied with this purchase
I purchased this phone to replace my malfunctioning HTC One M7. At first glance I have to say the screen is gorgeous. I have watched youtube videos and other short clips and was amazed at the crisp color and motion. When taking photos, the pictures were nice. When I zoomed in on the phone I did start to notice some minor pixelation so I will most likely stick to my Sony DSLR if I really what to take distant shots. I have a few games that I play and the controls are seamless and react with un-noticeable delays. I have used the fingerprint login for my phone and other apps but I cant get it to consistently work. Calls are clear and I like the volume boost option although it is disabled for my bluetooth headphones. The battery life is fair with the phone running for a full day with wifi, bluetooth, location and mobile data each being on. There is also a battery save mode that will cause the phone to become grayscale and limit which apps can be open while preserving messaging and calling. That is a huge battery boost. Overall, I am highly impressed with this product and I am hopeful that it will last for many year to come.
Just excellent
Awesome phone
I was a bit dubious after reading a few of the negative reviews but found the phone which arrived to be in a sealed box and exactly as described on Amazon. I purchased from BREED and I am very happy with my new Samsung Galaxy S7 dual sim phone. The only downside was that it was a phone sourced from the United Arab Emirates which in itself is fine but the charger was for a UK type outlet, easily fixed with a US plug adapter.
great phone great service
FINE
All was excelent
Dood jop
This phone is awesome never had a better phone battery life is absolutely amazing and don't worry this is NOT A FAKE I checked it and my box came brand new, new seal not broken like some people say but the only downside is it comes with a UK charger it's no big deal they include a U.S adapter with the package and my fast charging works just great so no need to go out and buy another charger just make sure u get a good case I have the speck candy shell I recommend it and I have no edge touch issues with a case on
I've had this for about 4 months now. I totally love how sleek it feels. Really premium piece of machine. But you need a good case, it feels that fragile. I've had a Samsung phone for over 4 years so using this was no difficult task. Nothing too surprising. There are things I don't use much though....such as the edge screen. Though the night clock really works well for me. It does seem to be waterproof but I will not willingly test that. But I notice I can still use the interface with droplets on the screen. This was not the case with my previous phone. It is still fairly new so the speed is great. Battery life is awesome. I can confidently leave home without the charger for an entire day of heavy use. No overheating. Overall, good purchase. I would buy it again but I have no intention of losing or destroying it and I don't plan on splurging on another upgrade for the next 2-3years. I hung onto my S4 for that long.
Excelente
Amazing phone as I'm sure your aware. Taking off a star for its only problem which is the edges can be very annoying when you are holding it and it registers a touch at the side. This is its biggest problem that many people complain about. Possibly a deal breaking issue I would probably go with the s7 tbh if I was buying again. In terms of the international thing it's no big deal exactly the same except it comes with a foreign plug and they include an adapter which is nice. Everything was in English and phone setup went flawlessly. The Asia version is dual sim compatible which is the only difference from the EU version as far as I can tell and find online. So go for that one. Keep in mind it will only work on GSM carriers such as tmobile and at&the and nothe with CDMA like Verizon
Very good
Just as specified....excellent
liked it
Excellent product. Work on all gsm networks around the world. In USA works great with AT&T and T-Mobile. My comes with UK ac adapter, if you want to use at another countries you need to buy an appropriate Ac adapter.
Excelent!! The box was sealed really new in perfect condition. Congratulation!!
Outstanding phone. Great features and the curved edge is great. Haven't had issues with this beauty. Most complaints I do not understand, unless they have personal problems. I've attached photo of the adapter that comes with it.
One of the best phones I've ever used. Got the Asian variant. Everything works well. Perfect condition.
Great phone, so far I have used it in Canada as well as the states. Will see how it works in Europe next. My only gripe is losing one of the sim cards to the SD card for expanded memory. There is a hack for this but I haven't done it yet. It involves sticking the sim chip to the back of the SD card to have a dual slot.
Fast and responsive
Excellent phone, well worth the money over the S7 due to the larger screen. This is not a fake, it is the real deal. The phone I received is an international version (dual sim) from the UAE. It came with a UK charging plug.
awesome phone
Good
All good, product (s7), delivering (Amazon.com)
Got this phone for my husband and he absolutely love it!
Could bem the right charger, im from brazil and is totaly different, i had to buy a new charger.
Excelente
magnificent
Everything is OK. Except the power plug is not fit to most socket.
Excelente
another sim or microsd, you can't use two sims and the sd card at the same time
Just greater Just great
Its gratis.
Incredible cellphone !!!
A good product
Dual SIM unlocked (DUOS version, SM-935FD), awesome phone !Dual SIM capabilities were key to my purchase decision. This is an international version of the phone, comes carrier unlocked. I just popped my GSM / T-Mobile SIM card from my old phone (HTC One M8) into my new Samsung S7 Edge, and I was on the T-Mobile network in NYC. Do your research on LTE bands, but this phone has all the LTE bands that T-Mobile uses in the US, so I have great reception and 4G LTE available. I highly recommend for anyone who plans to do international travel to get this phone, instead of the carrier locked phones in the USA (no dual SIM available in the US).
To give a little back story about myself and phones, I'm that guy who has a new phone every few months. I don't break them, I just haven't been able to find something that I can get on board with for very long. This phone changes that.Pros:-Amazing battery life-Stellar performance from Samsung's exynos processor-Durable screen that is really hard to scratch or crack in general-Great rear camera with improved low-light performance over the S6-Rootable! *This is especially important to me or anyone that's really into android. This is why I no longer buy US variants of phones because carriers are making it more difficult to root and install custom ROM's-Really waterproof-SD expandabiltiy is back, as it should beCons--Edge is kinda annoying if you don't have a case. Your fingers will constantly press the sides of the screen and mess with what you are doing-No 64 or 128GB models for some reason. It's 2016 Samsung, only 32 GB?-Stock Samsung software is always atrocious in my opinion. This is why I use custom ROM's to get rid of most the pre-installed stuff-Lower camera resolution than the S6-Built in speaker sounds horrible after taking its first bath-Horrible to repairOverall, I do really like this phone still. I think I finally have found one that I will keep for some time now.
Great
Clearly, the best cell I had so far
The screen quality truly is fantastic and the camera is noticeably better than my family member's Iphones in tough lighting conditions. I had read the international version had a different graphics chip than US domestic. I don't know if its still true but I'm very satisfied.
It is a good phone.
I like the the phone so far. Specially for the battery, the charged time is much shorter now. The phone is arriving on time. thanks
perfect condition, exactly as described, seal was not broken awesome phone!!
Great!!!!
Arrived on time and and as expected.
so far, phone has being working excellently.
Great product! I am rediscovering a true smartphone
Everything ok
Perfect Product
Excellent!
The best phone in the world
All ok
excellent
Loving this phone more and more
good
Came perfect, works great, and is so beautiful. I had no problems with switching my sim card over to this. I am so in love with this phone. It's beautiful, amazing and takes phenomenal photos. It's so beautiful.
I really like this product. It's so powerfull.
I like it. ... :D
Very good
Excellent
It is very intuitive and easy to use.
Loved It !
Excellent phone. two thumps up
Delivered on time, the best cell of all. Great screen, easy and comfortable handling. Great long lasting battery. Incredible pictures. Love my cell!!!!!
awesome
Ecxellent seller, high recommended
I'm still seeing how it works for the Casio men`s
It a very nice phone
Love this phone. So fast and smooth. Lots of great features.
I FIRST EXPERIENCE ONLINE PHONE ORDERBUT REALY GOOD EXCELLENT, I M HAPPY WITH AMAZON SHOPING, AND I REALY LIKE AMAZON SHIPPING ORDER TRACKING SYSTEM.
The phone is exactly wath i expected! The only thing that i can't test if it work in Romania! In rest the phone is awesome!
Amazing. Been using it for the past few months now. No scratches, no shatters. Perfect. Performance is fast. I dig it.
nice phone I love it
Excellent product.
This phone appears to be exact same phone as sold in US, but the seller did include a simple plug adaptor so you can plug it into 110 v in US. Otherwise, the plug it comes with looks like the plug they use in Spain households. The phone is Duel Sim card and unlocked, but what itsn't stated is that you can have 2 SIM cards OR, 1 SIM card and 1 microSD card (which I put a 128 GB card in). I expecting it to allow all 3 at the same time. No biggy though.The phone itself looks Spectacular and the screen seems to kind of repel dust, to some extent (I baby the phone, in general). The graphics are great. I haven't registered for Samsung Pay yet, but this phone appears to allow it OK. The battery seems pretty good, and it charges VerY fast!!Also, I had apple iphone before this, and would say this is, so far, quite a bit nicer than the iphone 5 or 6. I would recommend to anyone concerned about switching from Apple to Samsung......Also, one thing that made the change Super easy was that the phone had a very small gadget in the box that allows anyone with an Apple to hook up to the new phone and it will automatically download ALL of your photos, videos and complete set of Contacts.....that was a huge relief, and that's why I hadn't changed in past. Would highly recommend the Galaxy S7 Edge. Hope this info helpful!!
No problems at all, great phone.
All fine
I was Worried because of the reviews they give to this provider of all the missing phones or damaged phones.but let me tell you that when I received this phone it was "obviously unsealed" but in excellent Status no dead pixel, exactly how it was described, because of the International Version I got one from South arabia or some Asian country so it came with manual and charger from that country.But the Phone works perfectly running all the latest Updates.
everything perfect
The phone arrived early. Sealed. Good condition. Great phone and I'm happy with it.
Great looks and performance
By far the best phone I ever owned.
I like the product because it is new and came before the estimated date. I am well please with my order.
Well the phone rocks, in many aspects are better then i expected but after 4 weeks CAREFUL use i found a scratch at the screen... Its tiny almost not visible actually i can only feel it not see it but its there and have no clue how in heck happened.I just ordered something actually hate it, a screen protector, it supposed S7's screen being scratch proof right? Well isn't :-(
Great Phone! Love it
great phone. cool that it can fit 2 sims. now don't need to worry about loosing sim cards.
The perfect phone.Make the iPhone 6 look and feel like something of the past
excelllent
Love this phone
We bought this S7 Edge to use it in Argentina (Movistar network) and it works perfectly well!
Excellent cell phone I am using two SIMs from México without problemsHighly recommended
very good quality I really like works very wellI give 5 stars
It's a wonderful phone
So Good
I've owned many different phones over the years. My first real smart phone was a Samsung S3 and was a great phone. I recently purchased this S7 Edge and can say it is the best phone I've ever had. I recommend getting the International version like mine. All the chatter about it on the Web is spot on. It is the fastest, smoothest, best of everything in a smart phone that money can buy today. My ONLY complaint is that TouchWiz needs more work. I really want to use it but ended up back to Nova launcher to get basic features, like vertical app drawer scroll and such. TouchWiz needs more features control to truly be useful. However this has nothing to do with how wonderful the S7 Edge International 935FD truly is!
Great device!
Looks and work beautifully. Recommend to purchase from this vendor
Loving it
good
Unlocked for sure! Currently using it in Japan with a NTT Docomo chip. Tested the phone by playing music in the shower.
I did quite a bit of research before buying a new smartphone. This phone is a bit pricey, but I decided to purchase it since it was one of the nicest phones that I seen. Also I knew that I would be taking good care of this device and would keep it for a while. I decided to purchase the international version that was unlocked so that I could select my GSM carrier. The phone was in excellent new condition with an adapter for US power supply. The phone is fast and I use the Wi-Fi router in my home for data usage to save on carrier costs. This is an excellent phone and I would highly recommend it.
What a great phone .I'm satisfied with my Samsung Galaxy phone...how could I put insurance on my phone
I chose this model because it has two slots for nano sim, works perfect in Argentina , highly recommended ORIGINAL
Everything as expected, the description readed in reviews and on Samsung webpage, are pretty acurrate.
It seems that his is the best smartphone who was created in this period !
Perfect! I got everything fast. The box was sealed, phone's excellent! Love it!!!
Very fast shipping and very fast phone... Really great!
I upgraded to this phone from a Galaxy Note III and it is loads better - faster; better screen; much better camera (LOVE the camera). The display is so clear and colourful it is simply a joy to hold and behold. Any drawbacks? You do have to hold it carefully so you aren't pressing the wrap-around screen and confusing it with what you want to do. Worth it? you bet
Everything is OK with the phone.only the smart screen shot cant use.i don't know why.i tried a lot of time.
The phone is a phenomenal piece of equipment. I was a previous Note 5 user and have found this phone superior in every way. I only miss the stylus for performing detailed writing task but otherwise I love the speed and display. The battery life is quite good as well. It makes it through an entire day without having to be charged!
The phones arrived as described factory unlocked, unopened in new condition
Love love my phone!
excellent product,works great
Very good mobile
great phone
As expected, arrived on time and working perfectly with 2 Simms
Everything ok!!!
Excellent product.
Ok. Good. Noticias excellent.
The seller was good at communication . The only problem was tht the seal looked liked tampered but the seller assurred me that it was a new mobile and the seal was broken to unlock the mobile . And you get only 1 month warranty which is bad . Overall the product is ok and running good
Love the phone!! .. I use it with AT&T and works without any problems.
My son loved it
Item was delivered just as advertised! Working just fine with 2 sim cards in Brazil!
the phone was as it was described.great phone.
I love my phone. The phone is working as I would expect a Samsung smartphone to work.The color is amazing (the picture does not do the phone any justice), the weight and size are just right and the folks from Mobiles International, LLC, did an excellent job describing it.I highly recommend this company and I will definitely buy from them again!
S7 edge is an excellent phone, but the seal was broken (hence opened). And I can't download Samsung Pay from Google play store!! Which is a big disappointment! It shows that Samsung Pay isn't compatible with this device!
it is no doubt that s7 edge is a good phone,but it is opened by someone,the seal is broken.and i can't download Samsung Pay from Google play store. it shows that Samsung Pay doesn't compatible with this device.
Arrived timely manner.Great product.
Switched from iPhone 6 ... so much better!!!
Way better than i expected.The battery is the best that I ever saw.
Dual SIM International Version!
Everything you've read about this phone is true. It is amazing. The screen is second only to the S7 (in terms of ppi), the camera is arguably the best on the market, and it is a monster in battery life and performance. Silver Titanium is undoubtedly the best color. Absolutely stunning. If Samsung found a way to implement stereo audio, it would be perfect, but it makes up for what it lacks in sound quality in its relative loudness and top of the line headphone output. Rest assured that you are buying the best phone on the market right now.--------------------------------Compliment it with a Spigen Neo Hybrid Crystal (I 100% recommend Gunmetal for a Silver Titanium GS7 Edge): http://amzn.com/B01AUORACQand a Armorsuit Case Friendly Screen Shield: http://amzn.com/B01ACXSKAG
Great
I got my new galaxy s7 duos and the package came on time and good status.
Excellent
Excellent product.
i received your device and was excellent thanks a lot
Great phone, just as it was hyped/ reviewed by the many tech and phone experts out there. Would recommend it to anyone looking for the best overall phone out there right now.
Awesome. With russian language. 100% official. Love it!
Perfect phone. fast and beautiful
The Best phone in market at this moment!7 reasons to buy it:1. Most beautiful design in the world2. SuperAMOLED display3. Camera is the best (12mpx, Opt.stab bla bla bla...)4. IP68 waterproof5. Wireless charge, quick charge6. Always on dislpay7. Memory 32Gb (DualSim/MicrSD up to 200Gb)
Good products, good service, excellent price.
Good battery life, good camera, amazing features.
Very good
I was surprised that the unit could only either take 1 sim card and one memory card or two sim cards. Really have to read the fine print these days to know what you're getting. :/
Very satisfied ans so far so Great.
I still want the same phone but the USA version of it! I discovered that i can't access so many things with this one in USA and the charger is also different from what we use here.I really need a quick assistance to get another one as replacement.thanks
All perfect
Shipped very fast. Box was sealed.. Only the English charger problem. Buy you can also find a converter for 2$.. Dual sim is working.. thanks.
Increíble!!!
It's good but after I bought then they have the recall for product.
Very Good!
It is a good phone.
Ok. Good. Noticias excellent.
Love the phone!! .. I use it with AT&T and works without any problems.
My son loved it
the phone was as it was described.great phone.
another sim or microsd, you can't use two sims and the sd card at the same time
Just greater Just great
Amazing phone as I'm sure your aware. Taking off a star for its only problem which is the edges can be very annoying when you are holding it and it registers a touch at the side. This is its biggest problem that many people complain about. Possibly a deal breaking issue I would probably go with the s7 tbh if I was buying again. In terms of the international thing it's no big deal exactly the same except it comes with a foreign plug and they include an adapter which is nice. Everything was in English and phone setup went flawlessly. The Asia version is dual sim compatible which is the only difference from the EU version as far as I can tell and find online. So go for that one. Keep in mind it will only work on GSM carriers such as tmobile and at&the and nothe with CDMA like Verizon
Very good
Just as specified....excellent
liked it
Great looks and performance
By far the best phone I ever owned.
It is very intuitive and easy to use.
Loved It !
Excellent phone. two thumps up
Delivered on time, the best cell of all. Great screen, easy and comfortable handling. Great long lasting battery. Incredible pictures. Love my cell!!!!!
awesome
Ecxellent seller, high recommended
I'm still seeing how it works for the Casio men`s
all very correct, fast , good priducto .
The phone is exactly wath i expected! The only thing that i can't test if it work in Romania! In rest the phone is awesome!
Amazing. Been using it for the past few months now. No scratches, no shatters. Perfect. Performance is fast. I dig it.
nice phone I love it
Excellent product.
This phone appears to be exact same phone as sold in US, but the seller did include a simple plug adaptor so you can plug it into 110 v in US. Otherwise, the plug it comes with looks like the plug they use in Spain households. The phone is Duel Sim card and unlocked, but what itsn't stated is that you can have 2 SIM cards OR, 1 SIM card and 1 microSD card (which I put a 128 GB card in). I expecting it to allow all 3 at the same time. No biggy though.The phone itself looks Spectacular and the screen seems to kind of repel dust, to some extent (I baby the phone, in general). The graphics are great. I haven't registered for Samsung Pay yet, but this phone appears to allow it OK. The battery seems pretty good, and it charges VerY fast!!Also, I had apple iphone before this, and would say this is, so far, quite a bit nicer than the iphone 5 or 6. I would recommend to anyone concerned about switching from Apple to Samsung......Also, one thing that made the change Super easy was that the phone had a very small gadget in the box that allows anyone with an Apple to hook up to the new phone and it will automatically download ALL of your photos, videos and complete set of Contacts.....that was a huge relief, and that's why I hadn't changed in past. Would highly recommend the Galaxy S7 Edge. Hope this info helpful!!
I wish there was an outer box for these phone
Legit seller New Sealed Galaxy S7 Dual SIM as PromisedThank you
Arrived on time, came in sealed box, looked new an outside. I wish I could see an inside. Samsung Manufacturer/assembly in Vietnam. Works fine with T-Mobile. I will try on others carriers.
Thanks all is perfect
Everything perfect, I recomend!
I was a little hesitant that this phone wasn't going to be what I ordered but I was wrong. The first time opening the box was truly amazing I tried the phone out for two week and I'm loving the phone. Everything works fast and I'm very happy that I got it in the white version. The only problem for me was delivery but it is not the fault of the seller. I would've liked it if the left it on my porch because I had to drive and get it from the nearest ups store. Overall the best smartphone of 2016 I don't care what anybody says.
Love this.
Before buying refurbished phone from seller MASTERTRONICS. I had asked if it was compatible with my provider and if it had large scratches. He assured me full compatibility and no scratches. I have to say he was right phone works perfectly and have not one scratch I would definitely recommend this seller I will definitely purchase from seller again thank you for this amazing buy it could not ask for more.
Matt every expectation shipped quickly got here well and was easy to set up
I bought the white version of the Samsung S7 edge and it is a amazing and gorgeous phone. It was really difficult to find it because it's not available for the US but it totally worth the trouble. I got the italian edition of it and it works nice and smooth with my Mexican SIM card, it doesn't has any preloaded content which is great and the preinstalled apps are the same as the US version. The only "issue" might be that the power connector of the charger is European, but the seller solved it in a great way by including an American adapter. I love my new phone and the whole experience was excellent with this seller.I used to be an iPhone lover, but Samsung did a great jog with this one and I'm perfectly happy of having taked the risk. Totally recommended!
Works fantastic. Arrived on time. Thanks for a great product and purchasing experience.
I've gotten this phone twice. One for my wife and one for myself and both come two days earlier from the date it was suppose to come. The phone itself is wonderful and works great nothing off from it. I recommend to buy this phone from here
Excellent
I've always been a fan of the iPhone series. In fact the last one I had was the iPhone 6s Plus. But I recently traded it out for the Samsung Galaxy s7 Edge. This phone is AMAZING and is lightning quick. It's very responsive to your touch and the 5.5 inch screen makes it a breeze to read whatever your doing on the phone. I am HIGHLY SATISFIED by this phone. I think Samsung really outdid themselves this time.
Awesome, customizable, and Stylish !!!
i love it!!!!!!
I've always been at the front of the smartphone market, usually replacing yearly, and I can say this phone is amazing. Pure and simple. Highly recommend.
Excellent smartphone for discerning people who want the very best features and user experience.Comes factory unlocked and compatible with all major US carriers (Both GSM and CDMA) and with complete US Warranty. Zero bloatware. Beautiful silver design looks stunning and will grab everyone's attention. As soon as I inserted the SIM card, it automatically installed all special features from my carrier (Supports Wi-Fi calling & Hotspot from T-Mobile).I bought this device after extensive research to upgrade my aging Galaxy Note 2 smartphone. The Galaxy S7 Edge has arguably the best camera among flagship smartphones, water resistant, excellent battery life, access to all apps and content in Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, and Galaxy App Store. The user interface is very customizable thanks to free and premium themes in Samsung's store and custom launchers. You can extend storage space up to 256 GB via SD Card (Pro Tip: Get the best possible SD card in order to be able to record hours of crisp 4K video footage).If you're on the fence between this and another flagship smartphone (I was looking at the iPhone 7), what will win you over is the amount of productivity and creativity that is possible with this device due to unparalleled multitasking features and sheer computing power. Try doing two things at once on an iPhone and you will be sorely disappointed, maybe Google Pixel is a contender in this department.
Incredible phone!
For the most part I think its a fantastic phone but especially with the curved screen, it is a bit slippery and hard to hold so a case is a must. Also, the battery life isn't quite as good as I was expecting but still decent. Otherwise, as far as performance and everything goes, I'm really happy with it, especially the beautiful camera! The only real complaint is the tiny amount of internal storage. There are some things like Google Play Music that store downloads on the internetal memory rather than an external card so it fills things up very fast and can cause issues. If they doubled the internal memory, that would be enough for me to bump it up to 5 stars.
Awesome phone
Phone came exactly as advertised. Was able to activate it with no problems and runs like the wind. No complaints.
The only thing...the seal was broken upon arrival! The phone appear to be in new condition.
Got Perfect product..
retired my s6 and am very happy with all the advanced features and organization of the aps. really intuitive.
I give the Galaxy S7 Edge a 5 star rating. It does everything I want from a cell phone.
The phone is amazing. I can't get the white one in North America so I ordered it through Amazon. The only thing is that it came with a eroupean charger which can easily be fixed by buying a piece to change it to North American styled plugs.
Is a Korean version, works perfect in Agentina with 4g.LTE Claro network ..every thing goes find except por same apps and menues, that aperars in Korean..I disabed in order do not disturb. Upgrade also are working ok.
Excelent!
Very pleased with this purchase.
Great phone! Love it
excelent I like so much!!
Really like this phone. I get a lot of compliments from others. The clarity of this screen is unbelievable. Great for video playback and gaming
Great phone. Edge not only aesthetic but also functional.
Couldn't have a better phone!
Upgrading from the Emerald Green s6 Edge to this was amazing! It feels great in the hand and runs smooth! Its extremely fast and eye catching! Everyone always asks where I got it and which stores sell it since it isn't available here in the US. My phone carrier is Metro PCS and I haven't had any problems with the phone or service since getting it activated/registered.Just know that you HAVE to bring it into the store to get it activated. Otherwise, popping in a SIM card that you already have and trying to use the phone will only last for so long until they realize your SIM is in a different phone. Part of their security shuts off your service if you do this without registering your new device with Metro PCS so please take your new phone in to get it activated. I hope that makes sense. Plus the employee at your local phone store will be amazed because they have probably never seen a white s7 Edge if you live in the states, haha! :P
The cellphone is amazing, it was shipped and delivered quickly. Mine is the US version unlocked (SM-G935U) and it works excellent with Metro PCS. Mine has warranty until September next year. You can check that with your imei when you get the phone on info.imeiBut...The phone didn't come with the Sim extraction tool, and the packaging was very bad, just a big cardboard box with another cardboard box and the phone inside, the should of put some air bags or something for couchon. Anyway the phone is in great condition and it hasn't given me problems so far. My phone came with the Samsung earphones, quick charger and cable. I truly recommend to get the phone a case. I got one from spigen, you should check it out, they do very nice cases.
Great Phone. Awesome camera. Exceed expectations.
This is the best phone ever. The size is perfect and it's a very quick operating system
excelent
So far so good. The only thing I just found out is that since it's an international unlocked phone from Italy I don't have warranty here for the phone in the US.
This phone exceeded my expectations. I did some research beforehand about the 2 different chips that were put in the phones. I will have to say the international version has lived up to the hype. I've had this phone for about 3 weeks and there has only been one day where the battery was about to die. But this was after a 10 hour trip running Google maps, taking pictures, videos, games and other things. The phone was off the charger at 630 am and had 9% left at 830. Not bad going from a HTC One M7 that couldn't make it to 4pm without a charge. The camera is fast and takes great pictures. I've had a few compliments on how amazing the screen looks. The only thing I have heard other people complain was about not having Samsung Pay, I have never used it and I don't think it's a deal breaker.
Very nice phone. Son says it does a lot.
If your LTE is not working on AT&T on this phone, you need to tell them to keep your old phone's IMEI in their system instead of putting the edge's IMEI in there. If you put the edge's IMEI in their system, for some dumb reason their system won't recognize the phone because it's international, and the system will automatically provision you down to 3G only. Also europe's 4G logo doesn't say "LTE", the logo just says 4G but it is in fact 4G LTE, just FYI. For more than a day I thought I was going to have to return this because I wasn't getting LTE, then I went to a different store the next day where I figured out to keep my old phone's IMEI in the system so I could get LTE on the international edge.I have had the phone for 4 weeks now I think, zero problems so far, nothing was wrong with the packaging. My edge came from Italy. Purchased from vendor "Wireless Everything", thank you.
This is without a single doubt, the best smart phone on the market. I have played with the LG G5 and the HTC 10, and I can tell you neither are in the class of the S7, and especially not the S7 Edge Exynos version. The Exynos version has better battery life than the Snapdragon 820 version, and it does a much, much, much better job with power and memory management. The white one is my favorite, and I had to look high and low to find one. But I have it now, and it's very cool to have what almost nobody else has. Great phone! It's stylish, well built, beautifully sculpted with the best screen in the industry. Even touchwiz is light, fast and smooth. This phone has ZERO lag. Everything's better on the Edge. And don't let people tell you that the edge feature is gimmicky. It is EXACTLY what you make it. If you don't spend a minute learning what it can do, it will do little for you. But, if you decide to learn all of its features, and employ them fully, this feature can be one of the best on the device. I also didn't find it useful at first, because I allowed all of the reviewers to influence me that it is just a gimmick. But then I watched a review where the guy really laid out what it could actually do, and decided to look into it further. In the end, I have found it to be a vital part of my functions on this phone. So if you are part of the "too lazy to discover" generation, then you might not find it useful. But if you want to get all you can out of this device, it can become vital.One last thing, get a case for this phone immediately. The biggest drawback of this device is that if you break it, the waterproofing is gone, even after repair.
Excellent cell phone and Great service!! thank you so much
delivered fastgood phone so farthough many apps in chinese/korean that i cannot uninstall
I have never bought a phone outside a carrier. That and the fact the label said International and No Warranty really had me concern. Not having ATT branding and stuff cluttering my new expensive phone was enticing though. Not having ATT block or delay my phone updates also was interesting. Having a white phone was a small but nice benefit too. So I cancel my ATT purchase and bought from Mercate Group. ATT said it would ship at the end of month, Mercate said I would have my phone by the end of month. Reality was Mercate quickly sent me my phone within a week. Did not have to pay extra for quick shipping either. When I contacted seller about warranty they said they would honor the 1 year warranty. With no sales tax through Amazon I saved $55, got my preferred phone unbranded and unlocked, quicker and cheaper than ATT. Though I must say ATT activated the phone to my GOPhone account quickly and easily with no charge either. So far I am extremely satisfied with everything regarding this purchase. As far as warranty we will have to wait and hope not to need it. Another thing is that the AC charger included has a European plug but an adapter was included, I think by Mercate,
Arrived on time, came in sealed box, looked new an outside. I wish I could see an inside. Samsung Manufacturer/assembly in Vietnam. Works fine with T-Mobile. I will try on others carriers.
Thanks all is perfect
I was a little hesitant that this phone wasn't going to be what I ordered but I was wrong. The first time opening the box was truly amazing I tried the phone out for two week and I'm loving the phone. Everything works fast and I'm very happy that I got it in the white version. The only problem for me was delivery but it is not the fault of the seller. I would've liked it if the left it on my porch because I had to drive and get it from the nearest ups store. Overall the best smartphone of 2016 I don't care what anybody says.
Love this.
Before buying refurbished phone from seller MASTERTRONICS. I had asked if it was compatible with my provider and if it had large scratches. He assured me full compatibility and no scratches. I have to say he was right phone works perfectly and have not one scratch I would definitely recommend this seller I will definitely purchase from seller again thank you for this amazing buy it could not ask for more.
awesome phone
Good
All good, product (s7), delivering (Amazon.com)
Got this phone for my husband and he absolutely love it!
Could bem the right charger, im from brazil and is totaly different, i had to buy a new charger.
Excelente
magnificent
Everything is OK. Except the power plug is not fit to most socket.
Excelente
Good
I love my phone
Switched from iPhone 6 ... so much better!!!
Way better than i expected.The battery is the best that I ever saw.
Dual SIM International Version!
Everything you've read about this phone is true. It is amazing. The screen is second only to the S7 (in terms of ppi), the camera is arguably the best on the market, and it is a monster in battery life and performance. Silver Titanium is undoubtedly the best color. Absolutely stunning. If Samsung found a way to implement stereo audio, it would be perfect, but it makes up for what it lacks in sound quality in its relative loudness and top of the line headphone output. Rest assured that you are buying the best phone on the market right now.--------------------------------Compliment it with a Spigen Neo Hybrid Crystal (I 100% recommend Gunmetal for a Silver Titanium GS7 Edge): http://amzn.com/B01AUORACQand a Armorsuit Case Friendly Screen Shield: http://amzn.com/B01ACXSKAG
Great
I got my new galaxy s7 duos and the package came on time and good status.
Excellent
Excellent product. Work on all gsm networks around the world. In USA works great with AT&T and T-Mobile. My comes with UK ac adapter, if you want to use at another countries you need to buy an appropriate Ac adapter.
Excelent!! The box was sealed really new in perfect condition. Congratulation!!
Outstanding phone. Great features and the curved edge is great. Haven't had issues with this beauty. Most complaints I do not understand, unless they have personal problems. I've attached photo of the adapter that comes with it.
One of the best phones I've ever used. Got the Asian variant. Everything works well. Perfect condition.
Great phone, so far I have used it in Canada as well as the states. Will see how it works in Europe next. My only gripe is losing one of the sim cards to the SD card for expanded memory. There is a hack for this but I haven't done it yet. It involves sticking the sim chip to the back of the SD card to have a dual slot.
Fast and responsive
Excellent phone, well worth the money over the S7 due to the larger screen. This is not a fake, it is the real deal. The phone I received is an international version (dual sim) from the UAE. It came with a UK charging plug.
Very Good phone
this is an amazing phone. best i have ever owned.
Good buy.Months now.The retailer is too good and had a prompt follow up.The only one issue still haunting me is the charging time,it takes 2-3 hrs to charge from 0-50%.The retailer even send me a new charger free ,which didn't help me.i bought a wireless Samsung charger too ,but in vain.Otherwise the product runs smooth and fast.No hang,hiccups, by Gods grace still going smooth.Thanks for the retailer. All the best for him.
great product
great camera, great battery life, best screen ive seen.great phone overall
excelente
Very good
I was surprised that the unit could only either take 1 sim card and one memory card or two sim cards. Really have to read the fine print these days to know what you're getting. :/
It's so good
Excelente celular. El dual sim me funciona perfecto. Totalmente recomendable
Totally satisfied with this purchase
I purchased this phone to replace my malfunctioning HTC One M7. At first glance I have to say the screen is gorgeous. I have watched youtube videos and other short clips and was amazed at the crisp color and motion. When taking photos, the pictures were nice. When I zoomed in on the phone I did start to notice some minor pixelation so I will most likely stick to my Sony DSLR if I really what to take distant shots. I have a few games that I play and the controls are seamless and react with un-noticeable delays. I have used the fingerprint login for my phone and other apps but I cant get it to consistently work. Calls are clear and I like the volume boost option although it is disabled for my bluetooth headphones. The battery life is fair with the phone running for a full day with wifi, bluetooth, location and mobile data each being on. There is also a battery save mode that will cause the phone to become grayscale and limit which apps can be open while preserving messaging and calling. That is a huge battery boost. Overall, I am highly impressed with this product and I am hopeful that it will last for many year to come.
Just excellent
No problems at all, great phone.
All fine
I was Worried because of the reviews they give to this provider of all the missing phones or damaged phones.but let me tell you that when I received this phone it was "obviously unsealed" but in excellent Status no dead pixel, exactly how it was described, because of the International Version I got one from South arabia or some Asian country so it came with manual and charger from that country.But the Phone works perfectly running all the latest Updates.
everything perfect
The phone arrived early. Sealed. Good condition. Great phone and I'm happy with it.
Everything as expected, the description readed in reviews and on Samsung webpage, are pretty acurrate.
It seems that his is the best smartphone who was created in this period !
Perfect! I got everything fast. The box was sealed, phone's excellent! Love it!!!
Very fast shipping and very fast phone... Really great!
I upgraded to this phone from a Galaxy Note III and it is loads better - faster; better screen; much better camera (LOVE the camera). The display is so clear and colourful it is simply a joy to hold and behold. Any drawbacks? You do have to hold it carefully so you aren't pressing the wrap-around screen and confusing it with what you want to do. Worth it? you bet
Everything is OK with the phone.only the smart screen shot cant use.i don't know why.i tried a lot of time.
The phone is a phenomenal piece of equipment. I was a previous Note 5 user and have found this phone superior in every way. I only miss the stylus for performing detailed writing task but otherwise I love the speed and display. The battery life is quite good as well. It makes it through an entire day without having to be charged!
another sim or microsd, you can't use two sims and the sd card at the same time
Just greater Just great
Its gratis.
Incredible cellphone !!!
A good product
Dual SIM unlocked (DUOS version, SM-935FD), awesome phone !Dual SIM capabilities were key to my purchase decision. This is an international version of the phone, comes carrier unlocked. I just popped my GSM / T-Mobile SIM card from my old phone (HTC One M8) into my new Samsung S7 Edge, and I was on the T-Mobile network in NYC. Do your research on LTE bands, but this phone has all the LTE bands that T-Mobile uses in the US, so I have great reception and 4G LTE available. I highly recommend for anyone who plans to do international travel to get this phone, instead of the carrier locked phones in the USA (no dual SIM available in the US).
To give a little back story about myself and phones, I'm that guy who has a new phone every few months. I don't break them, I just haven't been able to find something that I can get on board with for very long. This phone changes that.Pros:-Amazing battery life-Stellar performance from Samsung's exynos processor-Durable screen that is really hard to scratch or crack in general-Great rear camera with improved low-light performance over the S6-Rootable! *This is especially important to me or anyone that's really into android. This is why I no longer buy US variants of phones because carriers are making it more difficult to root and install custom ROM's-Really waterproof-SD expandabiltiy is back, as it should beCons--Edge is kinda annoying if you don't have a case. Your fingers will constantly press the sides of the screen and mess with what you are doing-No 64 or 128GB models for some reason. It's 2016 Samsung, only 32 GB?-Stock Samsung software is always atrocious in my opinion. This is why I use custom ROM's to get rid of most the pre-installed stuff-Lower camera resolution than the S6-Built in speaker sounds horrible after taking its first bath-Horrible to repairOverall, I do really like this phone still. I think I finally have found one that I will keep for some time now.
Great
Clearly, the best cell I had so far
The screen quality truly is fantastic and the camera is noticeably better than my family member's Iphones in tough lighting conditions. I had read the international version had a different graphics chip than US domestic. I don't know if its still true but I'm very satisfied.
Very good
Excellent
It is very intuitive and easy to use.
Loved It !
Excellent phone. two thumps up
Delivered on time, the best cell of all. Great screen, easy and comfortable handling. Great long lasting battery. Incredible pictures. Love my cell!!!!!
awesome
Ecxellent seller, high recommended
I'm still seeing how it works for the Casio men`s
I like the the phone so far. Specially for the battery, the charged time is much shorter now. The phone is arriving on time. thanks
perfect condition, exactly as described, seal was not broken awesome phone!!
Great!!!!
Arrived on time and and as expected.
so far, phone has being working excellently.
Great product! I am rediscovering a true smartphone
Everything ok
Perfect Product
Works great and looks even better. Got here very fast. Did have a little trouble when it was first opened trying to get it to English and not Chinese. Great choice from many different models.
Amazing phone as I'm sure your aware. Taking off a star for its only problem which is the edges can be very annoying when you are holding it and it registers a touch at the side. This is its biggest problem that many people complain about. Possibly a deal breaking issue I would probably go with the s7 tbh if I was buying again. In terms of the international thing it's no big deal exactly the same except it comes with a foreign plug and they include an adapter which is nice. Everything was in English and phone setup went flawlessly. The Asia version is dual sim compatible which is the only difference from the EU version as far as I can tell and find online. So go for that one. Keep in mind it will only work on GSM carriers such as tmobile and at&the and nothe with CDMA like Verizon
Very good
Just as specified....excellent
liked it
Great looks and performance
By far the best phone I ever owned.
very good quality I really like works very wellI give 5 stars
It's a wonderful phone
So Good
I've owned many different phones over the years. My first real smart phone was a Samsung S3 and was a great phone. I recently purchased this S7 Edge and can say it is the best phone I've ever had. I recommend getting the International version like mine. All the chatter about it on the Web is spot on. It is the fastest, smoothest, best of everything in a smart phone that money can buy today. My ONLY complaint is that TouchWiz needs more work. I really want to use it but ended up back to Nova launcher to get basic features, like vertical app drawer scroll and such. TouchWiz needs more features control to truly be useful. However this has nothing to do with how wonderful the S7 Edge International 935FD truly is!
Great device!
Looks and work beautifully. Recommend to purchase from this vendor
The phones arrived as described factory unlocked, unopened in new condition
Love love my phone!
Its a great phone, at first i was a little suspicious about this factory unlocked phone, but it turned out great!! dual SIM, easy to configure and overall great! its the best android phone out there so i highly recommended. it comes with everything listed and i checked the IMEI on the phone and the box and it matches. It does however come with the Europe charger but since i had the wireless charger from my S5 that wasnt an issue.
It works very nicely, I had my concerns at first. And because of that it took me almost 3 months to decide on which option I should take.
It's nice
ok
what can i say??? greatest smartphone in market rigth now... cant complain on anything... it wonderful!
Got this phone for 5 days, like it a lot. run smoothly, good looking, battery is good, as long as you know how to set your phone
Very satisfied ans so far so Great.
I still want the same phone but the USA version of it! I discovered that i can't access so many things with this one in USA and the charger is also different from what we use here.I really need a quick assistance to get another one as replacement.thanks
All perfect
Shipped very fast. Box was sealed.. Only the English charger problem. Buy you can also find a converter for 2$.. Dual sim is working.. thanks.
Increíble!!!
It's good but after I bought then they have the recall for product.
Very Good!
It is a good phone.
I like the product because it is new and came before the estimated date. I am well please with my order.
Well the phone rocks, in many aspects are better then i expected but after 4 weeks CAREFUL use i found a scratch at the screen... Its tiny almost not visible actually i can only feel it not see it but its there and have no clue how in heck happened.I just ordered something actually hate it, a screen protector, it supposed S7's screen being scratch proof right? Well isn't :-(
Great Phone! Love it
great phone. cool that it can fit 2 sims. now don't need to worry about loosing sim cards.
The perfect phone.Make the iPhone 6 look and feel like something of the past
excelllent
Love this phone
awesome phone
good
Unlocked for sure! Currently using it in Japan with a NTT Docomo chip. Tested the phone by playing music in the shower.
I did quite a bit of research before buying a new smartphone. This phone is a bit pricey, but I decided to purchase it since it was one of the nicest phones that I seen. Also I knew that I would be taking good care of this device and would keep it for a while. I decided to purchase the international version that was unlocked so that I could select my GSM carrier. The phone was in excellent new condition with an adapter for US power supply. The phone is fast and I use the Wi-Fi router in my home for data usage to save on carrier costs. This is an excellent phone and I would highly recommend it.
What a great phone .I'm satisfied with my Samsung Galaxy phone...how could I put insurance on my phone
I chose this model because it has two slots for nano sim, works perfect in Argentina , highly recommended ORIGINAL
It a very nice phone
Love this phone. So fast and smooth. Lots of great features.
Ok. Good. Noticias excellent.
The seller was good at communication . The only problem was tht the seal looked liked tampered but the seller assurred me that it was a new mobile and the seal was broken to unlock the mobile . And you get only 1 month warranty which is bad . Overall the product is ok and running good
Love the phone!! .. I use it with AT&T and works without any problems.
My son loved it
Item was delivered just as advertised! Working just fine with 2 sim cards in Brazil!
the phone was as it was described.great phone.
I love my phone. The phone is working as I would expect a Samsung smartphone to work.The color is amazing (the picture does not do the phone any justice), the weight and size are just right and the folks from Mobiles International, LLC, did an excellent job describing it.I highly recommend this company and I will definitely buy from them again!
another sim or microsd, you can't use two sims and the sd card at the same time
Just greater Just great
I was a bit dubious after reading a few of the negative reviews but found the phone which arrived to be in a sealed box and exactly as described on Amazon. I purchased from BREED and I am very happy with my new Samsung Galaxy S7 dual sim phone. The only downside was that it was a phone sourced from the United Arab Emirates which in itself is fine but the charger was for a UK type outlet, easily fixed with a US plug adapter.
great phone great service
FINE
All was excelent
Dood jop
This phone is awesome never had a better phone battery life is absolutely amazing and don't worry this is NOT A FAKE I checked it and my box came brand new, new seal not broken like some people say but the only downside is it comes with a UK charger it's no big deal they include a U.S adapter with the package and my fast charging works just great so no need to go out and buy another charger just make sure u get a good case I have the speck candy shell I recommend it and I have no edge touch issues with a case on
I've had this for about 4 months now. I totally love how sleek it feels. Really premium piece of machine. But you need a good case, it feels that fragile. I've had a Samsung phone for over 4 years so using this was no difficult task. Nothing too surprising. There are things I don't use much though....such as the edge screen. Though the night clock really works well for me. It does seem to be waterproof but I will not willingly test that. But I notice I can still use the interface with droplets on the screen. This was not the case with my previous phone. It is still fairly new so the speed is great. Battery life is awesome. I can confidently leave home without the charger for an entire day of heavy use. No overheating. Overall, good purchase. I would buy it again but I have no intention of losing or destroying it and I don't plan on splurging on another upgrade for the next 2-3years. I hung onto my S4 for that long.
We bought this S7 Edge to use it in Argentina (Movistar network) and it works perfectly well!
Excellent cell phone I am using two SIMs from México without problemsHighly recommended
S7 edge is an excellent phone, but the seal was broken (hence opened). And I can't download Samsung Pay from Google play store!! Which is a big disappointment! It shows that Samsung Pay isn't compatible with this device!
it is no doubt that s7 edge is a good phone,but it is opened by someone,the seal is broken.and i can't download Samsung Pay from Google play store. it shows that Samsung Pay doesn't compatible with this device.
Arrived timely manner.Great product.
The best phone in the world
All ok
excellent
Loving this phone more and more
good
Came perfect, works great, and is so beautiful. I had no problems with switching my sim card over to this. I am so in love with this phone. It's beautiful, amazing and takes phenomenal photos. It's so beautiful.
I really like this product. It's so powerfull.
I like it. ... :D
Excellent product. Work on all gsm networks around the world. In USA works great with AT&T and T-Mobile. My comes with UK ac adapter, if you want to use at another countries you need to buy an appropriate Ac adapter.
Excelent!! The box was sealed really new in perfect condition. Congratulation!!
Its great and beautiful. FYI the origin seal region is Arab Emirates and it cannot use Samsung pay.
An excellent phone in every way possible, feels very sturdy and premium when held in your hand.
Very sharp picture and display. The edge makes the picture looks 3D. The slippery glass face does not give me any problem about finger smudge as some people said on internet. However because the glass is slippery so you better get a protective cover not only to protect it but also prevent it from slipping out of your hand.
I got tons of compliments over this phone. They kept asking me where on earth and how did I got a pink phone. So far I'm loving it. Thank you
Love it!! No one has the coral so when I took it to AT&T to get my phone set up the were shocked I had it!! It's worth getting it syncs right up with my hearing aids just fine and with my car perfectly and it doesn't stay locked once it connects with your car so u are completely hands free!! Love the fact the rain will not ruin my phone since I work a lot outside!!
Perfect, exactly as described and without any issues.
Excellent!
It's wonderful, exactly what I needed
muy buen producto
Works very well in Africa - Unlocked
every thing went fine according to expectation.
best phone i had so far, love it
Very good telephone with lots of features. I have the dual sim card, and it operates nicely... pictures are great.Only drawback, the dual sim uses the same space for the dual sim and for the memory expansion slot.
Love it.
Very good
Excellent
excellent product,works great
Very good mobile
great phone
As expected, arrived on time and working perfectly with 2 Simms
Everything ok!!!
I FIRST EXPERIENCE ONLINE PHONE ORDERBUT REALY GOOD EXCELLENT, I M HAPPY WITH AMAZON SHOPING, AND I REALY LIKE AMAZON SHIPPING ORDER TRACKING SYSTEM.
The phone is exactly wath i expected! The only thing that i can't test if it work in Romania! In rest the phone is awesome!
Amazing. Been using it for the past few months now. No scratches, no shatters. Perfect. Performance is fast. I dig it.
nice phone I love it
Excellent product.
This phone appears to be exact same phone as sold in US, but the seller did include a simple plug adaptor so you can plug it into 110 v in US. Otherwise, the plug it comes with looks like the plug they use in Spain households. The phone is Duel Sim card and unlocked, but what itsn't stated is that you can have 2 SIM cards OR, 1 SIM card and 1 microSD card (which I put a 128 GB card in). I expecting it to allow all 3 at the same time. No biggy though.The phone itself looks Spectacular and the screen seems to kind of repel dust, to some extent (I baby the phone, in general). The graphics are great. I haven't registered for Samsung Pay yet, but this phone appears to allow it OK. The battery seems pretty good, and it charges VerY fast!!Also, I had apple iphone before this, and would say this is, so far, quite a bit nicer than the iphone 5 or 6. I would recommend to anyone concerned about switching from Apple to Samsung......Also, one thing that made the change Super easy was that the phone had a very small gadget in the box that allows anyone with an Apple to hook up to the new phone and it will automatically download ALL of your photos, videos and complete set of Contacts.....that was a huge relief, and that's why I hadn't changed in past. Would highly recommend the Galaxy S7 Edge. Hope this info helpful!!
I wish there was an outer box for these phone
Legit seller New Sealed Galaxy S7 Dual SIM as PromisedThank you
i received your device and was excellent thanks a lot
Great phone, just as it was hyped/ reviewed by the many tech and phone experts out there. Would recommend it to anyone looking for the best overall phone out there right now.
Awesome. With russian language. 100% official. Love it!
Perfect phone. fast and beautiful
The Best phone in market at this moment!7 reasons to buy it:1. Most beautiful design in the world2. SuperAMOLED display3. Camera is the best (12mpx, Opt.stab bla bla bla...)4. IP68 waterproof5. Wireless charge, quick charge6. Always on dislpay7. Memory 32Gb (DualSim/MicrSD up to 200Gb)
Good products, good service, excellent price.
Good battery life, good camera, amazing features.
Very good
I was surprised that the unit could only either take 1 sim card and one memory card or two sim cards. Really have to read the fine print these days to know what you're getting. :/
Very Good phone
this is an amazing phone. best i have ever owned.
Good buy.Months now.The retailer is too good and had a prompt follow up.The only one issue still haunting me is the charging time,it takes 2-3 hrs to charge from 0-50%.The retailer even send me a new charger free ,which didn't help me.i bought a wireless Samsung charger too ,but in vain.Otherwise the product runs smooth and fast.No hang,hiccups, by Gods grace still going smooth.Thanks for the retailer. All the best for him.
great product
great camera, great battery life, best screen ive seen.great phone overall
excelente
Awesome phone
Its gratis.
Incredible cellphone !!!
Dual SIM unlocked (DUOS version, SM-935FD), awesome phone !Dual SIM capabilities were key to my purchase decision. This is an international version of the phone, comes carrier unlocked. I just popped my GSM / T-Mobile SIM card from my old phone (HTC One M8) into my new Samsung S7 Edge, and I was on the T-Mobile network in NYC. Do your research on LTE bands, but this phone has all the LTE bands that T-Mobile uses in the US, so I have great reception and 4G LTE available. I highly recommend for anyone who plans to do international travel to get this phone, instead of the carrier locked phones in the USA (no dual SIM available in the US).
To give a little back story about myself and phones, I'm that guy who has a new phone every few months. I don't break them, I just haven't been able to find something that I can get on board with for very long. This phone changes that.Pros:-Amazing battery life-Stellar performance from Samsung's exynos processor-Durable screen that is really hard to scratch or crack in general-Great rear camera with improved low-light performance over the S6-Rootable! *This is especially important to me or anyone that's really into android. This is why I no longer buy US variants of phones because carriers are making it more difficult to root and install custom ROM's-Really waterproof-SD expandabiltiy is back, as it should beCons--Edge is kinda annoying if you don't have a case. Your fingers will constantly press the sides of the screen and mess with what you are doing-No 64 or 128GB models for some reason. It's 2016 Samsung, only 32 GB?-Stock Samsung software is always atrocious in my opinion. This is why I use custom ROM's to get rid of most the pre-installed stuff-Lower camera resolution than the S6-Built in speaker sounds horrible after taking its first bath-Horrible to repairOverall, I do really like this phone still. I think I finally have found one that I will keep for some time now.
Great
Clearly, the best cell I had so far
The screen quality truly is fantastic and the camera is noticeably better than my family member's Iphones in tough lighting conditions. I had read the international version had a different graphics chip than US domestic. I don't know if its still true but I'm very satisfied.
Excelente
Outstanding phone. Great features and the curved edge is great. Haven't had issues with this beauty. Most complaints I do not understand, unless they have personal problems. I've attached photo of the adapter that comes with it.
One of the best phones I've ever used. Got the Asian variant. Everything works well. Perfect condition.
Great phone, so far I have used it in Canada as well as the states. Will see how it works in Europe next. My only gripe is losing one of the sim cards to the SD card for expanded memory. There is a hack for this but I haven't done it yet. It involves sticking the sim chip to the back of the SD card to have a dual slot.
Fast and responsive
Excellent phone, well worth the money over the S7 due to the larger screen. This is not a fake, it is the real deal. The phone I received is an international version (dual sim) from the UAE. It came with a UK charging plug.
Everything as expected, the description readed in reviews and on Samsung webpage, are pretty acurrate.
It is very intuitive and easy to use.
Loved It !
Excellent phone. two thumps up
Delivered on time, the best cell of all. Great screen, easy and comfortable handling. Great long lasting battery. Incredible pictures. Love my cell!!!!!
awesome
Ecxellent seller, high recommended
I'm still seeing how it works for the Casio men`s
all very correct, fast , good priducto .
It's so good
Excelente celular. El dual sim me funciona perfecto. Totalmente recomendable
Totally satisfied with this purchase
I purchased this phone to replace my malfunctioning HTC One M7. At first glance I have to say the screen is gorgeous. I have watched youtube videos and other short clips and was amazed at the crisp color and motion. When taking photos, the pictures were nice. When I zoomed in on the phone I did start to notice some minor pixelation so I will most likely stick to my Sony DSLR if I really what to take distant shots. I have a few games that I play and the controls are seamless and react with un-noticeable delays. I have used the fingerprint login for my phone and other apps but I cant get it to consistently work. Calls are clear and I like the volume boost option although it is disabled for my bluetooth headphones. The battery life is fair with the phone running for a full day with wifi, bluetooth, location and mobile data each being on. There is also a battery save mode that will cause the phone to become grayscale and limit which apps can be open while preserving messaging and calling. That is a huge battery boost. Overall, I am highly impressed with this product and I am hopeful that it will last for many year to come.
Just excellent
Excelente
Perfect! I got everything fast. The box was sealed, phone's excellent! Love it!!!
Very fast shipping and very fast phone... Really great!
I upgraded to this phone from a Galaxy Note III and it is loads better - faster; better screen; much better camera (LOVE the camera). The display is so clear and colourful it is simply a joy to hold and behold. Any drawbacks? You do have to hold it carefully so you aren't pressing the wrap-around screen and confusing it with what you want to do. Worth it? you bet
Everything is OK with the phone.only the smart screen shot cant use.i don't know why.i tried a lot of time.
The phone is a phenomenal piece of equipment. I was a previous Note 5 user and have found this phone superior in every way. I only miss the stylus for performing detailed writing task but otherwise I love the speed and display. The battery life is quite good as well. It makes it through an entire day without having to be charged!
Loving it
Dual SIM International Version!
Everything you've read about this phone is true. It is amazing. The screen is second only to the S7 (in terms of ppi), the camera is arguably the best on the market, and it is a monster in battery life and performance. Silver Titanium is undoubtedly the best color. Absolutely stunning. If Samsung found a way to implement stereo audio, it would be perfect, but it makes up for what it lacks in sound quality in its relative loudness and top of the line headphone output. Rest assured that you are buying the best phone on the market right now.--------------------------------Compliment it with a Spigen Neo Hybrid Crystal (I 100% recommend Gunmetal for a Silver Titanium GS7 Edge): http://amzn.com/B01AUORACQand a Armorsuit Case Friendly Screen Shield: http://amzn.com/B01ACXSKAG
Great
I got my new galaxy s7 duos and the package came on time and good status.
Excellent product.
No problems at all, great phone.
All fine
everything perfect
The phone arrived early. Sealed. Good condition. Great phone and I'm happy with it.
Had this for a few months now and can't be happier with it. A great phone.
phone worked as expected and was brand new. No complains happy with the purchase
Good
All good, product (s7), delivering (Amazon.com)
Got this phone for my husband and he absolutely love it!
Could bem the right charger, im from brazil and is totaly different, i had to buy a new charger.
Excelente
magnificent
Everything is OK. Except the power plug is not fit to most socket.
Excelente
Good
I love my phone
great phone
A++
I need a different pawer plug
after looking at different models and the companies for the s7 and many reviews, i was VERY skeptical about purchasing one online. Let me say this phone is AWESOME !! I recieved my phone within a few days, sooner than expected and NGP did keep me updated about my purchase. This phone was easy to set up, has everything i'll ever need and more and easy to use. Unbelievable phone... I'm VERY happy with my purchase !
ok
Im going to compare the Galaxy s7 Edge to my past phone whitch was the Galaxy s6, to begin i must say that both phones are the best ive ever had, with that said the this phone is much bigger than my s6, 5.5 inch with them sexy edges.. Im using this phone with Metro PCS in Atlanta GA and the signal seems to be the same with my old phone ( will update later if needed).Now the battery is a 3600 mah compared to the 2550 mah in the s6...if i remember correctly. I can get up to 2 days with one charge and low to mid usage.....power users can het at least one full day. So why did i get this phone.....3 resons..1st= the return of micro sd, nkw i can finally put lost of content with no worries, on the s6 i had only 32 gigs, on this one it has 32 gigs but i just ordered a 200 gig sd to put in this bad boy....2nd= the size.....yes 5.5 inch is just right....at least for me, and in size the battery just like i mentioned before.....and 3rd= the water resistance, although not needed its great to have, i work for a painting companie and we handle water every day, from washing rollers, brushes, to power washing houses, so this feature is nice to have. As for the shippment the phone was in awesome conditions....well it was new so it had to..... will update in the future after i get more usage out of it.
Is so damn beautiful
excellent product.....
Great product and very good seller. Thanks.
great phone
A++
I need a different pawer plug
after looking at different models and the companies for the s7 and many reviews, i was VERY skeptical about purchasing one online. Let me say this phone is AWESOME !! I recieved my phone within a few days, sooner than expected and NGP did keep me updated about my purchase. This phone was easy to set up, has everything i'll ever need and more and easy to use. Unbelievable phone... I'm VERY happy with my purchase !
ok
Im going to compare the Galaxy s7 Edge to my past phone whitch was the Galaxy s6, to begin i must say that both phones are the best ive ever had, with that said the this phone is much bigger than my s6, 5.5 inch with them sexy edges.. Im using this phone with Metro PCS in Atlanta GA and the signal seems to be the same with my old phone ( will update later if needed).Now the battery is a 3600 mah compared to the 2550 mah in the s6...if i remember correctly. I can get up to 2 days with one charge and low to mid usage.....power users can het at least one full day. So why did i get this phone.....3 resons..1st= the return of micro sd, nkw i can finally put lost of content with no worries, on the s6 i had only 32 gigs, on this one it has 32 gigs but i just ordered a 200 gig sd to put in this bad boy....2nd= the size.....yes 5.5 inch is just right....at least for me, and in size the battery just like i mentioned before.....and 3rd= the water resistance, although not needed its great to have, i work for a painting companie and we handle water every day, from washing rollers, brushes, to power washing houses, so this feature is nice to have. As for the shippment the phone was in awesome conditions....well it was new so it had to..... will update in the future after i get more usage out of it.
Is so damn beautiful
excellent product.....
Great product and very good seller. Thanks.
This is a fantastic device. Works well in my country and costs $350 less than in my country. I know you won't believe it but it is a sad fact.
Great phone! Everything I use so far is good.Unblocked version it's so better than cell comapnies version because you save a lot of time non uninstalling app that you'll never use
I love my new cel phone.Fer
perfect
Excelente
OK
The best phone ever. Great camera. Buy it.
Work with metropcs YEAH
It's awesome. Using it now to type this
It's perfect!!
It is easy usage.
It met my expectations
The best phone you will ever have, can handle many applications in background and it still responds as expected, zero lags and the curved screen is the best.The phone came with the AC adaptor as it's for Africa but I had no problems at all, the quick charge is just amazing and the battery lasts the whole day (5am to 11pm) with no need to additional battery charges.Go for the gold version it's the most classy one. Some photos that I took they look so real. Enjoy!
Original, reliable.
excellent product, highly recommendedClosed box wine
Samsung> Iphone
Love Samsung phone and tablets
This phone is really fast and there is no lag for multitasking.
It is working fine just like the seller descrived
This phone is absolutely amazing. Everyday I learn something new about it. Amazing
I was nervous about purchasing an international version of this phone but I'm happy I did. I actually owned a US AT&T version prior to this model and I can confirm the following after several days of use and testing:1) The International version has the faster Exynos 8890 vs Snapdragon 820.2) Battery life appears to be better than the Snapdragon 820 US model.3) No problems with AT&T LTE 4G.4) No AT&T bloatware!So far I highly recommend it!
Excelente producto
Me enamore del teléfono
Good
Excelente
Loved!
Best Galaxy ever. Amazing.
Good.
Yes. Everything was perfect . Thanks
Birthday gift for my brother. He loved it too death.
so far so good,loving the phone,genuine and clean
My husband and I bought these as an upgrade from our previous Galaxy S5s. I got the rose gold and he got the black one. The rose gold color wasn't as rosy as I thought it would be, it's more of a champagne color. The black one looks very sophisticated and elegant. I must say that I was not a fan of Samsung borrowing Apple's idea of no memory storage and making it difficult to put the sim card in but it was an easy fix with being able to send all of my extra photos to my Samsung account. Upon arrival, the packaging makes sure the product is not harmed whatsoever (lots and lots of bubble wrap). In all honesty I was afraid the phone was not going to hold up very long because of the glass edge and because I'm prone to dropping my phone...a lot. However even with out a case it has held up quite well. The photo quality of the front and rear camera is amazing, definitely a step (or two) up from the S5. We decided to buy on amazon because the price listed was $200-$300 cheaper than buying in stores, plus free 2 day shipping with Amazon Prime. All in all I would highly reccommend this phone if you're a Samsung lover like myself.
Inserted AT&T and works absolutely fine.Great phone.
I bought the cellphone as gift for my brother, and to honest, he's really happy.Service was really good, I'm really satisfied about the product and also the serviceGood job!
I love it
Hi guys, I am using my new Galaxy S7 Edge about 1 1/2 month, and your charger stop working, this device have some kind of warranty? i am currently living in Ecuador.Regards.
I love my phone. Good condition. Beautiful. And not too expensive for this item. Thank you.
Good product.
Love my new phone
Excellent Smartphone. Great Camera, Awesome for multimedia.
Solid phone
Received product excellent phone.
very good
very good product and perfect delivery, thanks
Excelent phone
Bought this specifically because I wanted the Exynos processor instead of the Snapdragon and so that I can root if I wanted to. I'm on T-Mobile US and did my research to ensure that my bands are supported - which they all are except for some 3G. I bought this phone from a seller named 'lifeline###' and the box the phone came in had the factory seal. As another reviewer pointed out, my phone originated from the United Arab Emirates so this came with a non-US friendly charge adapter and the manual appears to be in English & Arabic. In any case, the phone is great working order and I was able to just pop in my T-Mobile SIM card with no configuration needed, nor a visit to the T-Mobile store!I upgraded from a Galaxy S5 so all I had was the regular charging block which doesn't support the fast charge. I went ahead and purchased the Aukey QC 3.0 block and I'm fast charging away!
It has meet my expectations, thank you however the battery life can be improved a little more.
Best phone I've had yet. really happy with it. Very fast, the battery lasts very long and the camera is really really good. Whenever my friends take pictures they always ask for my phone because the camera is just so much better. If you're an adroid person and you're looking for your flagship phone, don't look any further.If you're in the USA, this comes with a default European adapter plug and US converter.
The phone meets all expectations. It's excellent. I Love It.
The build quality is excellent, on par with Apples external build quality.This devices edge design makes looking at the screen much more interesting, and less "flat". It is similar to looking into a slight bubble. The buttons are very tactile, and the fingerprint sensor and it's controlling software work well.Samsung's TouchWiz implementation on top of Android 6.0.1 raises no real complaint from me. I do not use their "Edge UI", but it can be fully disabled easily.
every thing is ok
definitely unlocked and works well in my country.
I live in the UK, but had this delivered to a friend's address while I completed a road trip from Miami to San Francisco. The delivered product was well packaged and was originally intended for the Middle East market. A big bonus for me is that the supplied charger uses a UK-style 3-pin plug. While hardly a big deal as I, like most people, have the world's supply of USB power adapters. Considering that this purchase has saved me quite a bit of cash over outright purchase in the UK, I'm very happy.Powering up the phone for the first time shows a single application for the intended market which was deleted as I have no use for it. I've owned Android phones previously, but have been using an iPhone 6 Plus for the last year. I've since fallen out of love with iOS as it's just too inflexible and is becoming somewhat childish in terms of interface. Samsung's implementation of the Android platform is smooth, highly-polished and commendable. It's not as fast as the pure product in the Nexus lineup, but does not suffer as all as a result.The octacore processor in the non-US model is just pure sweeping power. It's a good thing that the battery is a hefty 3500mAh unit or it wouldn't last the day. That said, if you're the kind of user who has multiple applications running all day long - and I'm among that userbase - this phone will take it all in its stride and not break a sweat. The screen is absolutely beautiful without being too highly saturated, the cameras (both front and back) are immensely capable and the return of expandable storage through cheap and capacious micro-SD cards is very welcome.Physically, the phone is svelte, lightweight and sits in the hand beautifully. Even without a case, there's no feeling that you'll drop it at any moment. One of the finest physical features is the waterproofing that doesn't require that you slap chunks of rubber into the ports to maintain its integrity. no more panics when you're caught in that torrential downpour about your phone suffering a premature demise.I haven't tried any of the included accessories such as the micro-USB cable, charger or earbuds as I already have very high quality 3rd-party versions. From the look of them, they appear to be reasonable quality.For anyone in the US who's concerned about losing out on network connectivity by using a phone from an overseas market, rest assured. I used a SIM card linked to T-Mobile's 4G network and had absolutely no issue anywhere with obtaining a good strong 4G signal. The Exynos processor in the US market model, while likely perfectly adequate, will almost certainly be that touch slower than the beast in the overseas market product.If you're like me, fear running out of power when you're away out all day and carry a power bank, know that the quick charge 2 feature has this from about 5% to fully charged in around an hour. The genuine Samsung quick charge puck may be slower to re-add the juice, but it's utterly convenient when you're a tired and then don't have to worry about not quite plugging the phone in to charge.If you're seeking to buy a phone without the burden of a contract, do yourself a big favour: Save some money, get this model, use one of the probably five or six wall chargers you already have and enjoy this incredible handset. It may be coming from outside of the US, but it's delivered quickly and I have no doubt whatsoever that it'll be loved every bit as I love mine. This is the best phone I've ever had, and the added bonus of saving on the cost of purchasing outright through Best Buy, etc is the icing on an already very delicious cake.
perfect
excellent
The phone is amazing! the screen is simply the best on the market right now. I read different comments about unreliable sellers selling fake or refurbished phones. I was lucky I bought mine from seller, theCoos. Got the phone new as described without problem.
AWESOME phone. Came prepackaged, sealed, Turned on in English. There was an Arabic file of some sort - which I deleted. The model number matches correctly. No issues or problems getting it going and activated. Took it to my local AT&T store for the sim card and it took a little extra time and a couple of restarts, but after that everything is working great. I'm still learning some of the little tricks that come with it. The cell coverage shows "4G", not "4GLTE". I don't know the difference. The ATT guy said some would say it was better, LOL. I have no idea but, whatever. There are a few pre-installed samsung/google things. Smart Switch uploaded many things, but some things like ringtones were not backed up. I had to go looking for them. In the process, I also discovered some new ones. Battery is doing just fine and lasts as expected. It has it's own Samsung factory warranty - 1 year. I haven't been able to find any way to tell for sure if this is the snapdragon or xynos processor, but as I stated earlier, the model number matches, so....my first experience with an unlocked phone purchase on Amazon has gone well, IMHO. Thus far.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 is perhaps the best mobile device right now. With so much technology, it has boosted the Galaxy S series. It is very easy to use and it makes you feel as if you don't have a mobile, instead you have so much more.
Device works fine and is fully unlocked and shipped in two days. All around good service
Love my phone, but I wish they came out with a bigger internal memory. Can't store the downloaded Amazon Videos on the external memory. So I can only keep a few movies then delete them after watching it. I don't want to steam videos or it will eat my data, and I'm not at a Wi-Fi hotspot all the time. That so far is the downside. Also, my phone did freeze once, but I was able to hard boot it by holding down the power button and the volume up and down button at the same time for a few seconds.
I'm not one who generally uses my phone. I'm a pay-as-you-go type of person. I use my phone for calls and texts. I see no need to pay extra for internet with the number of places with free wifi. My last phone was the Samsung Gravity, so this was a large step for me. For my needs, this phone is extremely oversized... with that being said, the display size makes it great for other things. I try to use my phone minimally. I use apps for the weather because I own a convertible and love the beach. I also chat with some friends using LINE. I was holding out for the 64GB version, but didn't see any availability for it and needed the phone for work... so I can download and read email... and chat using Lync/Skype.PROS- 12 MP camera for nice crisp pics.- excellent display for viewing photos and movies- extremely fast and smooth opening and switching apps. I notice no lag whatsoever.- expandable storage- battery can last me two daysCONS- size- easy to accidentally press button on sides- internal memory options for the U.S.- color choices by cell phone carrierIf there is one regret, it's that I wish I had bought the dual sim version just in case I wanted two carriers so I can maintain my grandfathered price plan and still pay separately for wifi should I ever need it.
Excelent all
Exynos processor. ISOCELL camera sensor. No Carrier bloatware. Suspiciously missing the Galaxy S7 Edge logo on the back shown in the photo. Aida64 shows the correct info, though.I've used the phone for over a week, now. I'm very happy with it. Still getting used to some aspects of the interface, but what it does, it does incredibly quickly. No lag in anything. Samsung has some nice features included. I love the health suite. I love the battery life.Cons: the duplicate apps. I want the ability to remove the browser, email app, etc. Things that I don't use. Things that Google also includes. Can't uninstall those either, surprisingly. Also, the whole Edge thing... There aren't enough ways to customize it or the edge notifications which display with the always on display. Also, the built-in so to transfer app data from your old phone didn't work with my HTC One.
I have been using this phone for three days now. I was impressed that the phone was delivered sooner than expected. The box was sealed and everything was intact. My only problem is that this phone came with a plug you use in Europe and where I live we use the plugs used in the US. Not a big problem since I can charge the phone with other chargers. I bought the international version since I read that the Exynos chip is better than Snapdragon. I previously used a Samsung S3 which recently died and it wasn't a difficult transition. I also have a P8 Lite which in my opinion takes better selfies. I'd still buy the S7 edge again though. The phone is very fast. Battery life is exceptional. I have only charged it once so far and it still has 52% of battery life left! I also love that the phone is very loud. The phone fits easily in my small hands and is pretty light. I also love being able to unlock the phone with my fingerprint. I also love that the speaker is very loud. For someone who's hard of hearing like me that is a plus!
The device is a 100% win. The only aspect that I didn't really understand is that at the back of the phone it doesn't say "Galaxy s7 edge". Other than that it's a pretty awesome deal.
I have received my Samsung Galaxy S7 G935F satisfactorily, NGP Store you are the Best! Thank you for the order. I will have present you for make more purchases in the future.
For reference, my previous phones were not flagship phones but rather they call under the budget/mid-range smartphone category. This may skew my review a bit since I'm going from mid range to flagship, but I think the Galaxy S7 Edge has so much going for it that it doesn't matter too much about my previous reviews.PREVIOUS PHONESNexus 5, OnePlus One, OnePlus Two, Nexus 5x, Honor 5xDESIGNThis phone is beautiful. Honestly, I love looking at this phone and I find myself wiping down the phone to maintain it's reflective silver reflection. In the day and age of large phones, the Galaxy S7 edge finds the perfect size.(To Be Continued. I'm writing this on my lunch break)SUPER AMOLED DISPLAYThe display on thisPERFORMANCECAMERABATTERY LIFE IS FOREVERWATERPROOFINGFINGERPRINT READERIf I had to fault this phone for anything, it would be the fingerprint reader. For some reason, my phone doesn't always recongnize my fingerprints. I've reset them a couple times and it still doesn't always read it correctly. My last three phones had fingerprint readers and they were all quicker or more accurate than the S7 Edge. I suspect that it's because the home button is very short (height-wise) and that the home button is raised.FEATURES FEATURES FEATURES
Perfect
The phone is working well but the chargers adapter can't be used in the US. I would like if the company can send me a charger to use to charge my phone.. Apart from that all is good about the phone. Does it have a warranty tho ? If it does how long?
Works excellent on Cricket. No issues, this is a truly unlocked phone. Had purchased a so called unlocked phone from a retail store that calls it self the Best to Buy at. They even had displayed signs saying "Free to choose". Except after paying more then $800 I found out freedom came after paying another $300 over a 6 month period, to Ole Ma-Bell. Then they would provide me an unlock code for my "unlocked" phone.If you're looking for a unlocked that's really, buy it here.
I got this item yesterday.. But it looks great!!
The charger adapter was not in the box, I can not use the phone.
I loved the phone. Firstly it works, there is no problem with the phone. It is fast and sharp. Screen is big and colorful. I love the curve part. With normal use (some social media, little talk, some music stream with bluetooth earphone it's battery goes for 2 days. If I play Pokemon, it goes 1.5 days
thank you for my phone
Great phone but charger was not original everything else it great
Optimo!
A+
I have been a Samsung Galaxy owner before, but decided to make a change to a phone that started good then got worst.I used to own the s3 and I'm glad I made a comeback to Samsung once again.The international version seems to be faster and have a longer battery life than the last phone I used to own. With one charge it'll last me all day, while on the other phone I had to recharged it when I got home from work.The graphics are amazing and I haven't had any glitches or problems with the phone so far.I did buy a screen protector and phone case since I seem to break phones quite easy.The screen itself seems to be scratch resistant.As for water resistant I can't say anything since I haven't used my phone in the water, I don't feel confident enough to drop my phone in the water or have it in the shower.This is so far the best phone I've owned, it does not heat up as bad as my other phone and it has an elegant view.
Amazing!!!
Beautiful phone
Good phone.
Great phone and camera. Seems to slow as you load on more apps, but still faster than my S5
Great phone, though can be very buggy at times.
The phone is solid but I can't stand the edges. I ended up going back to the Note 5
The best Phone
Great product won't regret buying.
good excelent.
Amazing one
Sooo ummm I got it the next day after ordering it, which is crazy. I done my personal testing and I'm really Impressed makes my note 1 feel like a brick.... edited part: I dropped it in a huge puddle today sat for a good 7 mins under water, pulled it out and still works great
Excellent
good
Came in perfectly fine, works fine. Is sexy. Yes.
Love the phone I was a little scare at first because some of the paper instructions were in arabic but I put the phone to work without trouble manage to change the settings to english and spanish .It is a great phone charge really fast the adapter came for middle east kind of current but they were kind and send a travel adapter for it works great so far I am really happy thank you.
Excellent product, it cover al my expectations and more. The seller has a great attention.
Excellent Phone, astonishing camera and amazing performance.
Perfect
Ok
Great purchase.
S7 Edge from United Arab Emirates (its what the phone detials say in the settings). Was brand new and unopened. Works perfectly. Setting it up was as easy as popping a nano sim card in. Was worried something might be faulty but the processor is snappy, screen is perfect as is the camera. No faults what so ever. Ordered Sept. 28 and arrived Oct 1st. I would highly recommend as there is no bloatware and it has a faster processor than US version. Have not tested the waterproof feature to give feedback on that.Seller: Wireless Everything
Best phone on the market, it is so amazing!!!! I love every little detail about this phone, IP68 water proof, absolutely amazing screen perfect size phone feels very amazing in hand alot better than iPhone, iPhone is slippery in hand compared to the beast of a phone, I love it!
Excellent phone, I have no complaints with it so far. However, this is the first Samsung phone that I have ever managed to crack the screen on. I have always used my phones without a case, and never had a screen crack until this one.
Best phone I've ever had. I've owned iPhone, Sony, Nokia, but, this, is the best in any sense.
Product came sealed unopened and is indeed a geniune s7 edge, very happy with the phone and shipping was fast as well.
Very nice cell phone. Although it is international model but still it is very good. Came with europe's charger but is very good phone. It had nice packaging on the product.
Love this phone. Very nice and beautiful. Fully unlocked to all networks and 32gb is plenty of space. Curve screen looks great but functionality not overly used.
Pay a great price for an excellent product. A++++
Is a great smartphone... my gift for Christmas... the cellphone was delivered without problem. 100% recomended
Using it everyday and still rocking.
Good product, but a little defect. The home button make big noise when pressing it.
Thanks very good
Great product.... great seller
beautiful good
Perfecto
Good
beautiful and fast
This phone is the best and has no problem, it works perfectly in Ecuador.
I am a bit concerned about the battery I was expecting it to last longer than it does
Very good
Everything was ok the phone is great :)
The best smartphone.I feel like a baby with new toy.
Perfect size, amazing front camera and super fast phone...
I received my phone on time and it's working perfect
Amazing and beautiful!
Best phone available today. Stunning 4K display, amazing camera and water proof....whaaaaatttttttt. Awesome.
Best phone ever! Happy and satisfied!
really nice phone
nice phone
Was as expected
Fantastic
Love it!!! its so beautiful, so fast!!! I love it love it love it!!!
Works great
Arrived in great shape, very fast setup, works great! I have used over 3 weeks and this is a fantastic device.
It à good phone
Great phone, everything looks nice, thank you. I'll be testing it and let everybody know how it goes. But so far it's awesome.It's been a while now and in gotta say this phone is fantastic. I've had a galaxy phone since the G-S2 till this one and believe me, this one is by far the phone I've ever had. Yes it can improve for example, the back cover would be great in aluminum (kinda like iphone) it'll prevent from cracking in minor accidents. The speakers can always be louder I guess. Oh yeah I forgot, the battery... Omg is the best thing ever, thank you Samsung you did great.
It is a great phone overall. It is running exynos processor, which was made by samsung. The packaging also include the American plug adapter since the device was made for European country. It is unclocked and works well of tmobile. It should work with other services as well.
OK
so good <3
All good
Excelente!!!
Good price
I love it... :-)
The phone is great, works well with at&t services
Liked it awesome.....
Excellente
Waaaaay better than my iPhone. Can't say enough good things about it so I'll leave it at this: if you don't have one, you're missing out.
Excelente
Love my phone Samsung is a boss
I cannot make video call
Excellent!!!!!!
Todo ok..!!
Excellent cellphone. Battery is amazing.
I received this phone yesterday and instantly fell in love with it. I have owned several Galaxy phones (s3, s4, s4 active, and s5). So far I love it! It came sealed in the original box. I cannot use the charger adapter that came with it, but I expected that as it's an international version.I picked the gold color, it looks and feels elegant and sleek. I love the interface, the phone itself is super fast. The phone has a big, beautifully bright screen. I am still getting used to its size. The fingerprint scanner is noticeably better than that of the gs5. Both cameras take amazing pictures.I am one of those people that are constantly on their phones during most of the day. It has an excellent battery life and charges very fast.I did read a couple reviews where people complained about the phone slipping out of their hands. I have used an Otterbox Symmetry Series case since I took it out of the box and have not had that problem at all.My only complaint about this phone is that it does not have an IR blaster, but I can live with that.I will update my review in the future if anything changes.UPDATE:I have been using this phone for about a month now and it is still just as amazing as when I took it out of the box. It still has amazing battery life. I have a Pocket Juice power bank that I was using around noon every day with my Gs5 but I have not used it at all with this phone. It usually still has 15% after about 12 hours of use.I have not had any lagging or random restarts like I did with my Gs5. The phone is still amazingly fast and responsive.I have slightly tested the waterproofing of this phone. The fingerprint scanner does not work well when wet, but the touch screen is still responsive.I have a Otterbox Symmetry Series case that I use with this phone and I have noticed that it causes the Zagg Dry screen protector to bubble up around the edges (I would like to state that I did NOT allow the protector 24 hours to "cure" after applying before putting the case back on, so that could be the reason.) I have heard that with the edges it is hard to find a case/screen protector combination that doesn't cause bubbling at the edges.Overall I would definitely recommend this phone.
Good.. thanks...
This is a great phone! screen, design, camera, you won't have complains. Except that there are options almost as good as that for a lot less money.
except samsung pay everything is good
just what I was looking for
Best phone I've ever bought!
Excellent product!!!!
It was good
I LIKE PHONE PROBABLY MORE THAN ANY I HAD SO FAR ESPECIALLY CAMERA AND IT FUNCTIONS GOOD SO FAR'
Good
Liked a lot the device. Only thing that came with very low, cheap quality was the AC adaptert. Look like the one you buy in grocery shop at half dollar. All accesories came within sealed box (headphones, sim remover, usb adapter, charger, device, etc)
Excellent and awesome phone! I think I won't upgrade this phone 2 years 'cuz it has everything! micro SD, OUTSTANDING battery! water and dust resistance and AMAZING and colorful screen! and flawless performance! It's just magnificent!
Hands down the best cell phone I have ever owned. I have a iPhone 6 for work which I love, but this S7 beats it by a mile. Battery life is outstanding unlike so many Android phones, and the display and camera are top notch. I like this international version with the non-US processor and it seems to be getting better battery life than the Snapdragon processor for the domestic market. Either version though is still the best on the market.
Excelente
This cell phone is so pretty，I love the edge！But sometimes it will overheat.
the best
Shipped in a reasonable time frame and worked with my carrier (t-mobile). First time I have ever bought a phone outside my carrier so I did a lot of research and I am well pleased with the result. The processor (this one has the international processor--much faster than the US processor) and battery life is wonderful!!! Right now it's 5:04pm and it's been off the charger & heavy use since 7am and I have 60% battery!
The phone is good except the phone's charger is not the US version.
very good quality Amazon good job
Telephone edge Dandy Yes, it's a phone in the top extravaganza I've loved phone I am very happy very, very strong
Love the phone I bought (black onyx). Works very well. Great camera, great screen sensitvity and charges quickly. The only downside is that I have to use a converter with the fast charging cord. I find it cumbersome although it works well. I guess it was made for a British market.
It's everything i hoped for in a cellphone. It is fast, beautiful,though the camara doesn't really take great pictures in low light or dark spaces. Eveything else is just perfect!
You can't go wrong this phone is awesome....
the machine.very good
I usually read reviews bedore ordering anything, and therefore I was very anxious while ordering the phone. Various users various experiences.But for me, i got a good deal on device. I got it whithin a week. And its a Latin American version with US wall charger.And so far device is performing as it should be.10/10
Excellent Very thank you
Hello, shipping has come to the House of my friend in Miami. I traveled the day November 15, that day I will know if you are all well. thank you.
The seal was broken. The phone was completely fine, and it is the original phone. Other than that, all as is to be expected - great product!
Everything as expected, better than punctual. I missed that the charger was not compatible with 110w plug but it came with a converter.
It's an excellent phone very fest and he has an excellent reception. Also the battery is very very good doesn't run out but if you have small end it's hard with the hedge
My boyfriend got this phone over the summer, and he actually likes it much better than his former iPhone. It comes with earbuds, a charging cable, and a very useful charging adaptor to accommodate different charging ports. I personally think it's too big, but I have small hands haha. Overall, a very reliable phone that works really well.
Everything is good
Very good quality
Great
Till now is very good, and I have it for 2 weeks. But I hope to be the same because I have a friend who had the same phone and her display was buried after one month and I heard that other people had the same problem
cool
Very nice.
Shipment arrived on time. So far, the best phone I've owned. Takes some effort to locate and update the device firmware.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a awesome phone, worth the price! Grateful to have compared to other smartphones.
Be careful , It comes with UK Plug .
Excellent screen, fast, good battery life, has met my expectations.
Good seller, product as per description.
Perfect service, Quick delivery, Great product.Thanks!
Cracked after 4 months. Great phone but very easy to break
Great camera, decent battery life, waterproof!
I got the phone and it was on and were fingerprinted is this normal? or not?
Blazing fast and beautiful phone. Excellent camera
Nice
It is working perfectly. I love it
very great phone i was abit worried when i ordered this but after recieving it using it i love it allot just some buyers know that with some carriers when u goto activate ur signal may just say 4g or lte or 4glte depends on where u r and ur carrier as for mine i have at&t usa and my signal says 4g i was hoping it would say 4glte maybe over time it will i dunno
good
Best cell phone ever. *****
It's an awesome phone. The edge takes a little getting used to, but that's a small issue. Great camera, awesome sound in music and talking. Love the anti-glare. Seriously no glare from any angle. Even the headphones were great. Clear, crisp sounds. I bought the unlocked version and it works perfectly. Just had to insert the sim card and that was it. (And that's in the Caribbean) so for those customers wandering, it's definitely an Unlocked International Version. Highly recommended.
Switched from an iPhone 5 and so glad I did. This is an amazing phone!
Good products
Excellent
Love it
Everything as should be... would buy from them again
nice phone very good
Amazing phone. Bought it to use it in Argentina, 4G works perfectly. Packaging was inmaculate.
Love Love Love this phone. The screen is crisper than anything I have seen, it's fast and beautiful. Life is good
All excellent
Bought this for my teen, he loves it!
Everything great. Bought from wirelessplace.
Yes. sick lookin phone. I saw couple of feedback that says fake phone or something fishy. In my case it was all good. And about the phone it's great! Nothing much added to s7 accept hardware improvement. Touch unlock is much much better then s6 generation. Great bettary life something aspect from Samsung. Not dissopointed at all.
I bought this right after my iPhone decided to stop working which was this past Saturday and I'm not disappointed. It's definitely bigger than the iPhone 6 so sometimes it feels like I can't hold it right..The battery life is amazing, great camera - Def different than a iPhone camera, great screen size and colorI have Cricket Wireless as my network and it's working great,BTW that company has the same signal as AT&T, but sometimes I have to resend texts several times, it's gotten annoying. Idk if that's a phone thing or provider issue?My last android was the galaxy S3 now to the S7 Edge, incredible improvement
Excelent
One of the best phones out there.
I like the camera.
Exactly as promised. Was worried I wouldn't be able to activate it with an American carrier (since the included documentation indicated that might be a problem as opposed to requiring a European carrier to activate it first) but it worked fine.
I love it.... it works get on metro pcs. I live in NYC. No complaints
I bought the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge G935F in Black from this product page a week ago.A lot of people have asked questions about this particular international version so I'll answer some of those first. For starters, the one I got was the english edition for the Saudi Arabia market (see attached photos, the guides came in english and arabic). From what I can tell, the phone is the same as any other international edition but with different preinstalled apps. Mine came with a SA region specific app "Shaid" (seems to be a YouTube-esque app in arabic) that I uninstalled and WhatsApp. Other than that the only remaining bloatware was stock Samsung apps (no carrier apps, thank god), the only other thing I noticed that may be region specific is the S Planner app has a "Hijri dates adjustment" setting. Lastly this version ships with a non-us wall charger (aside from the regular stock accessories) shown in my review images. Mine also came with an adapter for use within the U.S., I have tried it and can confirm that it works with fast charging.This phone also uses a different chipset (manufactured by Samsung, called Exynos 8890) than the U.S. version. Reviews I read noted that the phone was actually optimized for this chipset w/ better performance and battery life than the U.S. Qualcomm counterpart (Google it). In the U.S. version the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip is used to support Verizon and Sprint customers whereas this version only supports GSM carriers.To preface the review of the actual use of the phone, I have owned the following devices and used them each as a daily driver for at least a months time: Samsung Galaxy S4 GPE, Samsung Galaxy S5, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, HTC One M8 GPE, iPhone 6, iPhone 6S, Nexus 5, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P. The Galaxy S7 Edge has been the most delightful experience of the bunch. I won't go into great detail here but the camera is phenomenal and launches faster than any other phone I've owned w/ a double tap of the home button. The camera's auto focus is super fast and I feel like I'm able to get a capture a lot of moments that my previous phones were too slow to shoot. It's also nice to be able to change the quick launch apps on the lock screen, I have the dialer and snapchat as mine.Continuing a theme of high performance this phone is incredibly fast despite powering a QHD resolution screen. Apps are surprisingly quick to load and multitasking is a breeze (I even found some use in the Samsung's split screen feature). The fingerprint scanner is on par with apple devices (and nexus 6p/5x) although because of it's non-circular shape I find that I place my finger the wrong way more often. The battery is the best of any device I've used as a daily driver, I've been able to get through days of heavy usage like today (unplugged from charger at 5:45am, now at 25% at 9:03pm).The screen is BEAUTIFUL. Not only is it easy to read even in direct sunlight (something I have seen other devices struggle with) but the colors are vibrant and the screen is huge without making the phone too big or bulky. Perfect for watching YouTube videos and browsing instagram.Lastly a few notes if you buy this phone:- If you're not a fan of the stock Samsung launcher you can get the Google Now launcher from the Play Store, it's the same one used on Nexus devices and feels smoother than Samsung's launcher.- This time around Samsung decided to give you bigger icons which drove me nuts, search for "Get more on your Galaxy S7, S6 or Note 5 screen with hidden DPI scaling settings" from Android authority to get a 5th column on the home screen and smaller UI elements.- "Edge functionality" is just okay. The feature feels a bit less than polished because of the weak offerings in the Samsung app store - I have it turned off.Edit 4/8/2016: sorry about the quality of the photos of the actual phone - they were shot with the wide angle lens of my GoPro whereas the other images were shot with the S7 Edge.Edit 4/10/2016: added some higher quality images from my new camera.Update 5/9/2016: I've been using the phone as a daily driver for over a month now. I'm still impressed by the overall gfx smoothness, how fast apps load, and camera performance.Update 7/25/2016: still in love with this phone. I'm honestly not sure what would compel me to purchase a new phone at this point.. I also rooted the phone and changed the emojis to the iOS 9 set with the Emoji Switcher app from the play store. No more guessing when messaging my iOS friends =)A lot of commenters have asked which seller I purchased mine from: Wireless Everything.
Great phone. Got it today and it's absolutely beautiful. Can't wait to give it to my boyfriend as a birthday present he will love it. So far IL very please and I'm sure I won't regret the purchase!
You must buy this phone!!!! Much better than iPhone!!!!
Very good item and fast shipping
Although my shipping experience was a bit troublesome, the product itself its amazing! I knew it was international version but was not expecting a UK plug, best part is I get almost not bloatware
awesome phone, excellent camera, i bought 3 of these phones
This is literally my first review because I never had a product that deserved my time...until I got this phone! It's absolutely the most amazing phone I have ever seen!Couldn't be happier!
Perfect
Hi WP, Thank you...I love my awesome phone.
Good, no problems. Its been 4 months.
My wife loves the phone. No problems with this one and I hope none come about. Other than getting a lemon on the first phone she received, this one seems to be perfect. Samsung is my favorite brand. Love all thier stuff.Amazon is great at helping customers take care of any problems they have with item by ensuring return shipping is easy and refunds are fast.
Thanks for nice and good product
Amazing
Nice phone
Mejor, IMPOSIBLE!
Love this phone, great battery life and it's silky smooth UI.
Perfect!!, just as adviced
it made for middle east so there is Muslim holidays in calendar and other apps installed
Excelent product.. love it.
Best phone I ever had. Period.
Love it
I love it. It's beautiful
Best phone ever u till the note 7
I love it
The cel phone came with a burned pixel that didnt fix... the rest was ok
Excelente Product!! No objections, just get a antislip case cause is like silk
Good item.
ok
ok
good every thing
great deal, great seller!
it is an excellent cellphone
Has lots of cool and helpful features. Performance is very good. I highly recommend purchase if you are considering switching or upgrading
I received the wrong power plug. Did not get the US type.
This phone is absolutely stellar. Amazing screen even in direct sunlight. Battery life is tremendous. The ONLY drawback is this version isn't compatible with Samsung Pay at this time in the US.
Awesome phone and amazing camera I mean this is the camera to beat. S7 edge due to the bigger battery almost has 2 day battery life, touch wiz has been heavily refined, but nova is still the way to go. Design is slick and still a head turner and feels great in the hand. Number 1 of the top 3 Android phones , and I highly recommend only con is no Samsung Pay for international.
I'm satisfied with my Samsung Galaxy s7 EdgeIt's very good product beautiful. I truly loved.
Buying this unlocked international Galaxy S7 Edge had me worried at first, it was in Spanish when I turned it on. You need to have your sim card inserted before you can change the language! After getting it to English I am totally please with it. I had the Galaxy S5, and compared to that phone, this Galaxy S7 Edge is AMAZING! There are so my new and cool features. I took 4 days to receive the phone. I'm totally satisfied with this purchase.
Love it. Exynos processor is much faster than us versionAlso I travel a lot to Mexico so be able to switch SIM cards is awesome
Excellent vendor. Product is exact as described. All Perfect.Recommend to all.
Great service. No issues .
Excelente
Great
Love it...100% original samsung edge7
Excelente!!!!!
The Samsung Galaxy s7 edge is a great phone. It was easy to transfer my info from my old phone to the new one. Love the low-light camera. I'm really happy with my new phone.
Excelent Product is the best
Argentina ok!!! 😉
Great looks, camera, speedy.Overall great device.
was not for me
Amazing phone
Absolutely love the phone. Best purhase I ever made!
The screen, the edge, pictures are GORGEOUS! What's not to love!
Like very much.
I'm really liking this phone. To be fair this is my first flagship phone. I'm coming from a cheap Nokia Lumia 520 but figured for once I'd splurge and see what all the fuss is about on these top tier phones.The first thing I noticed is that the screen is absolutely beautiful. I couldn't get over how clear and lifelike everything looked. Also being able to actually see my phone's screen in the sun was a definite plus haha. OLED is just an awesome technology and I can't wait until TV manufacturers tweak the picture processing a bit. Just a great display.I haven't run benchmarks or anything but everything on the phone is very snappy. Going into the camera, opening/switching apps, playing games, watching movies, etc. all ran smoothly. I didn't notice any warmth or the phone running hot but that probably due to using a case. The call quality was fine and overall I'm really enjoying it.On the down side, I think the phone's a little awkward to hold or picking up from a flat surface. I got this case Galaxy S7 Edge Case, SUPCASE Full-body Rugged Holster Case WITHOUT Built-in Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (2016 Release), Unicorn Beetle PRO Series - Retail Package (Black/Black) and the rubber edges made a world of difference. It's no longer slippery and easy to pick up off of a flat surface. Nothing worse than paying for a phone like this only to drop it while trying to set it up!The only thing I'm hoping is that the battery lasts quite a long time. Not having easy access to it is kind of a bummer. As I just dropped nearly $750 on it and I don't upgrade phones every year I'm hoping it lasts awhile. As much as I really do like this phone I don't think I'll be spending this much on a phone again. The purchase was more to quell my curiosity about these high end phones so I can check that off my bucket list hahaI purchased the phone from Wireless Everything and it arrived brand new in a sealed box with all new components. I popped my SIM card in and I was off to the races. I never purchased an international phone so was a bit nervous but everything went extremely well. If you're looking for a cheaper alternative I would suggest the OnePlus3 or ZTE Axon 7. Very similar specs for 400 smackaroos.
Love it's very nice looking and the camera is outstanding.
Love my new phone takes amazing pictures battery life is long lasting and works perfectly with straight talk 😊
I will never again buy a phone through a cell service provider. Buying unlocked through Amazon or some other reputable source saves you about 20%, and here's the really great part: no bloatware! Be careful to ensure that the phone will work with your service provider, but if it will this is the way to go without a doubt.
Awesome phone!
Good
I use StraightTalk with this phone. It took no more than an hour to transfer my phone number to this phone, and I had exactly 0 issues with it since. If you want a brand new unlocked phone, I would recommend no further than this. It did come with some sort of foreign software, and Facebook and Instagram seem to be installed and non-removable, but they were trivial to disable.
good
Easily the best phone I've owned. Period. Great battery life compared with my last 3 phones (xperia Z2/Note 4/LG G4) Extremely fast, reliable, easily manages all my applications (55), great camera, waterproof.. And on and on... Great phone.. Really worth the price. Chose it over the S7 due screen size and battery life expectancy.
I'like. Good product.
5 stars to the phone, 0 stars to ATT. ATT was not able to get 4G connection going on this phone. Blamed hardware. IMEI checked good. Phone would show 4G AP but could not establish data connection with it. Was only working with 3G AP at 3G speed.The thing that did the trick was temporarily inserting SIM card from friend's phone that was connecting 4G. My phone made 4G connection right away. Means hardware is good. Put back my own SIM card. Voila, phone still connects at 4G!
Everything perfect
Great product! Got the Italian version. Doesn't seem to be any different. Good battery life.
Works perfect with the Brazilians (GSM) carriers. Nice and solid finishing. Noticeable improvement from version S6 (I have one). I wish it was for two SIMs, but's ok.
😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Package was not damaged and I loved the box of the phone. Appearance mean everything and the seller passed with that.
Great Phone, great price, recieved Phone on time as promised. Thank you.
this is the best cell phone I have. The size is almost the same as Samsung S5, except the format edge give us a very pleasant touch and view! The camera is exceptional, have auto focus and it is impossible to have bad pictures. The only problem is that it is so sensitive that a single harder touch can become multiple pictures..This is definitely the BEST SAMSUNG S series phone, and if the money is not the problem, forget the S7 and go to the S7 Edge!!!
Great product so far..
S7 edge is the best
Very good phone. It's an international version, with adapter.
Excellent
Excelent!!
Excelente gracias
very good
Did not come with charger adapter as expected, otherwise its PERFECT
Fast delivery. Product awesome.
It's a great phone, i recomend!
Cost-effective.Product delivered exactly as advertised.
I'm really pleased with the product,Met my expectations and the information provided by the seller is correct as the photos.I really recommend the product because for me it was very useful.I hope my comments were helpful
Great display, good battery life
Beautiful phone, features are awesome! Still discovering something new about this phone daily. The camera quality is the best I've seen yet.It's very difficult getting a screen protector that fits , bought 2 and they didn't fit the edges (although it stated that it was designed for S7 edge!!!) Still trying to get one that fits.Very expensive phone though 🙁!!! But I am really enjoying it...
Great phone , just as advertising, delivery on time , everything was A+
The phone is Great.I did not understand though why Samsung chose not to support hebrew as an OS language in their international software.Had to pay money at Samsung Israel to install the hebrew supporting software.
Great product.
It's a good one
Excellent performance. A superb phone
Ok
excellent phone
Nice phone i like it
Beautiful cell phone, light weight, thin, good screen size, lots of functions. As soon I inserted the SIM card it gat connected to my provider. Its working fine
Excellent! Great design, smart, camera is wonderful even in the night time with bad light. Sensitive screen, fast internet... no problem. Thank you.Delivery in time.
ok
thanks very good
Perfect!!
All that I expected
I upgraded from a Galaxy S4 and am absolutely Amazed by this phone. It can go for over two days before charging. It has none of the typical bloatware. It's supposedly waterproof but I don't plan on testing that on purpose. It's painful to have to pay the full price up front but it's worth it to not be at the mercy of your cell phone provider. I will never buy a locked cell phone from a cell phone provider again. I'm glad they brought back the SD memory slot, but I wish it had a removable battery. Other than that, I think the Galaxy S7 is one of the best phones on the market at this time.
Excellent phone, I just wish it had all the band's of the phones so you can switch to any carrier like the nexus phones, and Samsung pay wish it had but I know because it's international it couldn't, but we'll made. :)
Have had the phone for a month and just love it.
I bought this phone for my dad and he is in love with it. It has fast-charging and all the high end specs that you could ask for in a top tier device. I don't know much about it, besides the fact that there hasn't been any issues thus far. It's got some interesting features and is a pleasure to use, I can tell you that much!
Love this phone. Super fast. Screen is nice and big. Loaded with a bunch of great features.I connected it with cricket. Only 55 a month get great signal (cricket uses att towers)So i get nice fast connection with a low monthly cellphone bill.
Love this phone. I upgraded from a galaxy s5 and it was well worth it. Aside from its design, what I love the most about this phone is its battery life. I can easily go a whole day, with moderate use of course, without having to charge the phone. The screen size is also perfect for my taste, not too big or too small. Strongly recommend.
Awesome device, water resistant, pretty fast. It's going to work with a lot of carrier all over the world. Beautiful external case made of glass. Samsung did it pretty good this time, for sure. The product came with an adapter for if you want to use it in the US. Another important feature is that you can still use this in the US and have the 4G compatibility, the only thing that you are going to miss it is the processor as the other US version has a better processor using the snapdragon 820. However, the Samsung exynos is pretty powerful too, so you probably wont feel the difference.
Best phone ever it was easy to activate in my mobile service.
This phone is the best i've ever had so far! If you have the cash and looking for a new phone, do not hesitate on buying it!
All ok
ExcellentI bought it for a friend he got it today and is very very happy with his gift
Very nice product.
so far is amazing, fast, awesome screen. I haven't try the unlocked since I need new Sim card, now it uses the nano simple card, but I'm expecting to work.
great value product!
Awesome phone. Would recommend it highly
This phone works perfectly thus far.. I'm loving it!!
This is the best phone I've ever had
Perfect
good
A great phone with a lot of apps that can apply for fun or work. High speed and great connection.
This phone came newest. And many people asked where i bought it?. I most say what i see. Thanks again.
Arrived on time and in perfect condition works perfect and very fast loading file and surfing,one of the best phones I have brought and will recommend to everyone
Excelente 10 puntos
Stunning display. Impressive 5.5 quad -HD screen shows crisp colors from various angles. Best screen on any smart phone.Beautiful curved design is an eye-candy.Camera is not 12 megapixels and superior to S6 and iPhone. Auto-focus is also has great speed leaving others in dust.Large 3600mAh battery is like having a phone + battery case without actually having the thick battery case. Hard to kill that battery in a day.Always on mode constantly displays notifications without the need to unlock the phone.Water resistant. IP68 rated which means the phone can be totally submerged in water up to 1mt deep and 30 minutes.Micro SD expandable memoryAgain, the battery is so good.
I have just one word for this phone: AMAZING!! Much better than Iphone, in my opinion.
Excelente!!!!
Way better than buying carrier branded and bloated version. Awesome phone!
Amazing phone
package was sent with the warranty seal opened however the seller clarified the reason of that. Phone works fine.My previous phone was a Samsung 5 but this one is amazing.
It is very good
Love the phone so far, haven't really used it yet. But the charger is not compatible with the outlets here. Really disappointed about that, because now I have to either purchase another or find an adapter. Is there anywhere in the description that stated this was the type of charger used?
Best mobile ever
Great phone
Great device with so much to offer. I recommend buying from the seller, "Mobiles International LLC." They sent a new and reliable device and honored a warranty for a defective product on Samsung's behalf. :)
Worldwide Distributors great job.
best way of online shopping for people who work on cruise ships
Works great worth the buy
all perfect!
Great phone. Improved battery life. Awesome camera.
Amazing smartphone. It's highly recommended
Because the wife likes it
Good
I love my S7 edge, the only thing is sometimes gets too hot.
Good phone, works great on AT&T. They can't block WiFi Hotspot with this phone. I have unlimited data grandfathered but was never able to use my phone as a Hotspot with an AT&T phone. Only drawback is it comes with a European wall plug.
I was completely satisfied!
My seller Wlaphones did all as promised. They sent the phone in 2 days and had no problem no change the delivery address since I moved and totally forgot to make the change. 5 stars to the seller and 5 stars to the phone. I've had it for around 2 weeks and had no problems to activate it in TMobile. Amazing phone and great seller
This phone is absolutely amazing. I could go on about the class leading camera, the all-day battery life, the amazing screen, the unquestionably useful Always On Display. That's probably not the most impressive thing about this phone though. Think about an iPhone 6/6S/7 Plus. Now think of the most annoying problem with that phone. If you're like me then the most annoying problem is undoubtedly the ENORMOUS bezels on the side of the phone. For those of us who want a bigger screen (because it usually means more features/a better viewing experience) the iPhone is damn near impossible to hold in the hand because after the screen ends, there is a huge swath of space on the sides that add several critical millimeters to the width of the phone. Not with this phone. The curved display not only looks amazing, but serves to give the phone a very compact footprint for the 5.5" screen you are getting.That being said, there are things I don't like. Samsung still needs to make their software more stable and less energy inefficient. The longevity is more a virtue of the large battery than the software. Additionally the software can sometimes have funny quirks. Nothing too bad, but just things that are a little weird or slow sometimes.I also recommend that you buy a case for this phone. More than anything else on the market it's a work of art and you'll want to preserve it. I personally recommend this: Spigen Thin Fit Galaxy S7 Edge Case with SF Coated Non Slip Matte Surface for Excellent Grip for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 2016 - Black. This case is thin and almost feels like it isn't there. It'll make your phone easier to grip and give you piece of mind while you're out all day with it.
Pretty nice phone. it looks great. it is very fast and i love the camera.
Exelente
Best phone I've ever owned!
got the phone works great
Love it!
Wow I love this phone and it was shipped the the very next day I ordered it.
My best phone ever.
amazing
Like it
The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge got here on time and in great conditions it works great.
I'm sure you've seen tons of reviews about the phone so if you are going to get it this is a good place to do so.
on time ,no problem .
Great phone, very happy
Good
Greatest phone ever.I have used it for 9 days already and it's awesome.My only complaint is the lack of good glass screen protectors.First off the camera,it's awesome,although it's pretty similar to the S6.I wish they stayed at 16mp as it was 16:9 but otherwise, its great.It even has a wider angle,when zooming it had a tiny bit better quality than the S6 and autofocus is extremely fast.Low light was obviously insaneThe battery, this was one of my main concern with my S6 and the S7E battery is very good.The first days which tend to be pretty bad for battery life, where surprisingly good.I even had to drain it's battery sometimes.But to be honest it perfomed a bit worse than I expected, i mean, it's waaay better than the S6,but as a student I thought it would last me a bit more.I read articles on people saying they used their phone heavily and ended the day at 11:30 with 20 percent battery life(that was using bluetooth,nfc,location and wifi/lte on as they said) and in my experience, I have finished days with 35% battery from 7am to 11pm but only using either wifi or mobile data,no bluetooth or nfc,no location services on.So I think mi phone's battery is stabilizing yet(if someone can tell me if im right say it please!).As a student, I don't use my phone for long periods from 7 to 4pm.Maybe 15 min intervals or 30 minutes using gallery for photos,what really surprised me is that battery drained pretty fast sometimes and sometimes it almost didn't drain,which is weird.That's why I think it may be normal for the fist weeks(again,correct me if i'm wrong)BTW, I don't use powersaving,which I did on the s6 alwaysPower wise, It's an extremely powerful phone which can manage literally anything,and there's no lag with power saving on or off.There's not much to say.The phone is a bit bigger than the s6 and s6 edge.I strongly recommend it
Cause it has everything.
Sleek phone. Looks great! A good size not too large. Fits well in my hand. Great camera and sound quality. Battery lasts for a day.
I received the phone in sealed box. It was in good working order. It still is. Everything is fine.
all good
i love this phone and am enjoying it!!!
perfect
This phone is by far one of the best on the market. After reading the reviews left by some of the buyers, there seems to be some confusion on what seller to buy it from. My phone, which is real, and came factory sealed, was bought from "The Coos". However, to my understanding, there is no one out there making fake edge phones. The phone is just too complex to duplicate. What might be happening is the phones could possibly be getting damaged during the shipping process. The phone is glass, so if the shipper isn't packaging it correctly, it could absolutely take on damage. This is why I recommend, that if you are planning on buying this phone from amazon, make sure amazon is the one fulfilling the order. I have had no problems at all when I order from a third party that allows amazon to fulfill the order. Also, it doesn't hurt to review the customer reviews on the actual seller as well.As far as the phone itself goes, it works perfectly. All the specs pretty much define what to expect from the phone. It's got the best screen in the world and the best camera. The glass finish makes it beautiful, but it's fingerprint prone and and extremely slippery. Other than that, I have no complaints.
Very Happy with my item it was exactly as described and it arrived on time.
the best one in the store
Great Phone !
All issues regarding the Galaxy S7 edge were well received except for the app Samsung Pay. It doesn't seem to be available, tried to download and was presented with a Not compatible with this device warning. But for the most part, it meet all qualifications as advised.
WOULDN,T TRADE IT FOR NOTHING .
I bought this cell some days ago and I couldn't be happier. This Latam version is working fine in Argentina. It's good to check before you buy if you cell works with in your country and carrier at [...] , very helpful...Thanks.
The gadget works perfectly in Brazil, with VIVO 4G, but the battery life is poor.
Like
It's an excellent phone...
Very good
The features are OK, but it's not a great value. Not a huge step up from the Galaxy 6. If you have a Galaxy 6 edge and are looking to upgrade, hold off on this one. It's not groundbreaking stuff. More of the same.
this model doesn't support samsung pay!!before you buy, you should know it!!
I sm really happy with the product and the service provided
The delivery of the phone was before time and the phone works flawlessly.. Do not worry about anything, you will never regret buying this device
I bought the S7 Edge and received it a few weeks ago. It is an excellent phone, however, it did freeze and had to be replaced. There are software flaws in the S7. Wireless Everything provided prompt service and I would definitely buy from them again.
It did meet my expection and I am so sati
product is as expected! had to return and the return pricess was also smooth
same as the one I would have gotten from AT&T except unlocked. The only difference is that samsung pay won't work yet.
This is my 2nd Samsung Galaxy S7 as the privious one was stolen. I love every aspect of this phone. It worth every penny.
Excelent phone very recomended seller
Works perfectly and the product came nicely packed.
Perfect. Great phone
I already have this phone for about a month and I haven't found any problem with it. Is legit and works perfectly.
I wanted to write this review mainly to share information on this product. The product reached well before said time. It was delivered in good condition. The phone is as equivalent to buying a samsung galaxy s7 edge in a carrier store.Only disadvantage that I have come across so far is - The samsung pay app doesn't work in this phone.So if you are interested in Samsung pay, you should consider other options.
Excelent product.
I am very satisfied with S7 Edge, I have the international version. Fast charging, great photos and great screen.
Arrived early!! I was a bit hesitant getting the new S7 on amazon with not many reviews but Amazon hasn't failed me yet so I took the plunge and ordered it. I tested it with the Genuine Galaxy app and its a genuine unlocked Samsung phone. It works with my phone provider (in Jamaica). I am so in love with the phone.Everything is working really good.
This phone is definitely one of the fastest on the market at the moment. I have dropped it several times on hard floors, and there is no visible damage at all. I have also handled it with wet hands, and it still works flawlessly. Although, the fingerprint scanner doesn't get along with water drips. The edge screen is a great addition, and I have gotten use out of the news feature when the phone is locked. The battery life is great, since it lasts about a day with moderate to heavy use.Also, for those who are wondering, this model supports most LTE bands, and it is also supported by most GSM carriers. I use it with Metro PCS, and it works perfectly.
Awesome
Fast and great
Is a beautiful design, I a m getting used to it still many apps and actions that I need to control
excellent! everithing ok! GREAT
The best android phone Samsung has ever made.
The phone is perfect!!!
Excelente
This phone is fantastic. That is all. Everything I can say has been said.
Samsung has made an absolutely Spectacular Phone with the Galaxy S7 Edge. Perfect Size; fits and feels well in the hand. Easy to use, the touch screen is brilliant, easy to see even outdoors, clear and crisp and the special edge feature of the screen makes this the most beautiful cell phone ever made. And that is just the beginning.The Camera in the New Galaxy S7 rivals many of the cameras you can buy for hundreds and hundreds of dollars! You can take Incredible photos in low light, great videos, even HD Video recording and much more. Removable Storage has come back with the Galaxy S7 and now you can insert micro SD cards with as much as 200GB of storage.You pay for high quality and the Galaxy 7 isn't cheap. But it is well worth it. BUY The New Galaxy S7 - you won't be disappointed.
I'm very happy with this phone, fast hasn't fail and I had it for a week, I will update if things change but overall it's a winner
Good job! I found my item on time!!
Switched from iPhone to this phone. After 1 week...No regrets.
<3 Great phone love it so far.
I am coming from Note 3. Tried and returned the following phones:Nexus 6 – very poor battery life for massive screen, but overall quite good;Nexus 6P – very bad sound quality (low volume, very low volume), build quality (headphone jack broke in 10 days)I did not want to go with Samsung just for the fact that they do not stand behind their products and make their products obsolete and not supported after 2 years. Not acceptable for me, and my Note 3 still works great even though it is running in KitKat.But anyway, I was getting tired finding a good Android phone. By that time every manufacture has to produce a great phone, which has great OIS camera, good CPU, bright screen and be nice looking with strong materials. But looks like every manufacture is failing to do that. Some have good screens, bad build quality, some just bad battery, or bad internals. I see only Samsung is making something decent I can live with: Great design, strong body, good and stable software and have ability to root.So after multiple tries with others, I decided to go back to Samsung.Let me start with things I do not like about it.1. Edge screen is too sensitive and I think there should be an option to disable edge touch, or make it app specific. Forget about quality typing with one hand. You will always hit backspace or other keys on your right (if you are right-handed) with your palm. Waiting for a case to see if this going to help. This is huge -1 star for this device);2. Home button is still sticking out of the body. Why not to flash it so there are no accidental wake ups while in the pocket or somewhere else?3. Fingerprint is not good. Nexus 6P had the best and was fastest. Here it fails to recognize in a lot of occasions even while trying to set it up. BTW, why only 4 fingerprints can be setup. Why not more? I was setting up the same finger touching with different sides of the finger in case I need to unlock from different angles.Now what I like:1. Screen brightness – great. The best among all the phones on the market;2. Sound quality (music) over headphones and Bluetooth. BUT. Sound quality is not that good using original signal processing. I am very peaky for bass and treble. That is why I was looking for a phone, I can root and install Viper4Android to make phone sound perfect.3. Like headjack on the bottom, now you can slip you phone in the pocket without flipping it over to make headjack on the top while it is in your pocket.4. Completely unlocked phone vs Snapdragon model where bootloader is locked. I installed Custom Recovery, rooted phone, installed Wanam Xposed framework and Viper4Android. These pieces of software is a must for me. Wanam provided me with long press back button to kill process, long press volume keys to switch tracks, remove annoying popup when headset volume is high and some other features. And Viper4Android makes sound like no one else can produce.5. Always On Screen – love it. Does not look like it drains a lot of battery if at all;6. Build quality – gorgeous. Back does not feel glass though. But I am going to put case on it anyway.7. Battery – very easy to make though the day or two. Used it with Navigation and screen ON for 2 hour drive. Battery went down only 15%.8. Taking pictures – very good and I like the fact that it is wide angle. Both front and back camera took very good pictures even indoors, while at the dance competition. Focus is lightning fast.9. Connectivity – very strong and where my Note 3 or Nexus 6P were struggling for LTE signal (AT&T), Galaxy S7 was fine.10. Call quality – it feels like a person is just next to you. Very clear and solid.11. Glad that Samsung did not remove the option to scale screen. Unfortunately they only provide 2 options: Standard and Condensed, but at least something. Nexus 6P gave me more options from 400 dpi to 640 dpi. But I had Cyanogenmod running on Nexus 6P.12. Performance – very fast, no lags at all.13. Google Pay is working on it even I am rooted and have Wanam installed. Made first payment today and it was good.Overall looks like it is a keeper, but if edge screen sensitivity is not fixed, I will exchange that phone to Note 6 in the near future. (Hope they will not make it with curved edge – I hate it).
I just bought this phone a few weeks ago and Im just lovin it, great performance, awesome pictures, I love the display and how smooth is
I moved from ios to android and i felt like coming back home. Phone display , camera clarity amazing. Gold colour looks superb. Iphone 6 was so borning and this phone feels very exciting. Price was also good for unlocked international verson. Battary easily works for day and half with moderate data usage throught day
Best phone ever
Love mine it's awesome😍
I love it so much thank you! Cant believe I bought this expensive fone as a reward to myself. Too expensive but its ok I am very satisfied and happy! Thank you Amazon!
Rather expensive but meet all your expectations
Increíble! Gracias!
Fantastic
I rate this as a 100 % not a fake fun everything is fully clean
Great phone. I just love it
Nice seller and excellent product.
Good phone
Perfect
Samsung android phone is the best way to go. So glad they put the mini-sd storage back in.
Amazing phone, totally better than the s7 normal. The edge rocks and is si much better in every aspect!!!
Perfect!
Phone is amazing !
Love it!!!
Perfect Phone. Recommend
pretty dopestill too much cash to drop on a phone without a removable battery.
I like it, I love it
Amazing phone, don't know what to tell, one of the best in the world right now. The selller is very good, I ordered 2 of this.. and they are awesome..I tried it in water, battery is amazing. I am glad that I bought this one.. Thanks :)
Great
excellent product, very good quality, I recommend
exccelent product
incredible, very satisfied and recommended
I am still in love with my samsung galaxy s7 edge a month later. I hope nothing will change.
This cell work perfect good.
Amazing unlocked phone! Currently using it in Mexico with a prepaid ATT Sim card and everything is great! Very high quality photos in front and in the back of the phone. The metal finish is very high quality! Love it!
I got the exynos version. The phone works great. The phone is fast in switching between app and windows. The edge panel can be very useful if u arrange it to your need.Two best thing: the screen is wonderful - vivid colors very high brightness, one of the best screen by far; the battery - so powerful, i can use my phone for all day and the battery will not dead.Overall i am very-very satisfied with my s7 edge.
perfect
so much better than getting the ATT version of the phone no bloat ware and you can teather with out having to buy the extra service from ATT
Legit Company. The phone is brand new no issues... & these guys are fast!!!
Great
I have it for a about a year and works great!
Works with American AT&T no problems. The 4g lte symbol does not show up but I know I get the speeds. Very happy that I purchased it
Love this phone so far. It has been reliable and works as advertised. This is the international version, which means certain apps, like Samsung Pay, don't work. It's only come up a couple of times, but it is annoying. Not a negative on the phone, it's clear that this is the case. Just wanted to spread awareness.
Wonderful
Good product
I love it
Love it. Using it with MetroPCS.
Amazing
very fantastic am really enjoying the it
Excellent!
Very happy with the purchase.
Outstanding smartphone. I have been using a IPhone 6s and a Galaxy S6 Edge before. This smartphone beats both.
Just what I want, a perfect gift for my wife
Love it, it came with usb adaptor and 110v adaptor!got an European version wich is great for me
Great phone! My first Samsung and plan to continue with this brand!
As soon as i got this i have yet to put it down, SUPER FAST, AMAZING SCREEN, its the dream phone i have been waiting for. Easy to transfer my data to the new phone, very thing and light, when i first held it i was like "omg this thing is super light" like i would drop it forgetting about the weight of it lol Only thing i was "eh" on about getting it was the seal was detached from the box(wasn't broken but the adhesive was rubbed off from shipping/warehouse), and the branding that usually says "S7 Edge" on the back is not on this model which i think is a good thing but made me feel for about an hour "man i got a fake" but it was not the case at all, it felt like the real deal. I checked the settings and the software is super snappy and easy to use, in the "about phone" section of settings it does say model number and the phone type as what it was advertised.PRO:~Amazing screen~Great build~Wireless Charging/Water Resistant(i have tried the water resistance and i say it works, had residue from the stickers and so i ran under tap water and cleaned that right off)(i have yet to try wireless charging yet)NEUTRAL:~Battery(it seems great but at the same time not so great. I woke up at 7am with 100% and then by 8:45am its at 85% so i still great but i feel by the end of the night ill have 10% left or less. I am a heavy user when it comes to my phone)CON:~Charger it comes with is foreign(my seller gave me an adapter with my phone, but i don't know if that's every purchase so be well aware it MAY NOT come with an American Adapter)As far as i can tell that's about it so far, i will update my review when and if anything changes. Yet to test wireless charging but plan on picking one up soon and will add an edit to this.
It is good phone, came on time. It is not fake. Everything was good but my messanger is not working properly.
Great!
Vera Good!
Goodd nice
I purchased it for my GF, she loves it...It was in GSM so the day I received it I went to Walmart purchased a Mano sim for 9.99 Go Phone. POP it in and it works great she still playing with it and learning the many feature
Awesome smartphone!!! Too fast and it looks like the same as announced !! I received on time. Thanks!
Phone is great! It was a huge upgrade for me going from the Samsung Galaxy S5 to the S7 Edge. :) No problems as of yet, phone runs smooth and fast! I love the camera! The seller (Wireless Everything) was even kind enough to even include a US wall adapter along with the order.
Excellent product all on time
as advertised and totally pleased with
Excellent!!!!!
Everything was ok as far as I know. I got this for a gift and had it sent on to them so I would not receive it.
Great phone unloked. Work very good in US and Europe. Great customer service from amazon after a problem with the delivery
Mailed out fast! Got it a day early! So glad i got the international version! And there is 4 reasons why.....Reason 1 - NOT FILLED WITH A TON OF BLOATWARE! No At&t crap apps. It does have a few like facebook and instagram. But most people use them and other than that just disable it....Reason 2 - Because it's the international version... We have the GALAXY LAB! Where you can get the app draw remove! which I enjoy. American Carriers Took it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Reason 3 - Paying full price, I am not stuck in a contract for 2 years where the bill doesn't lower after the 2 years are up. OR not stuck in a monthly contract paying off the phone paying interest.Reason 4 - I HAVE NO STUPID CARRIER LOGO ON MY PHONE!!!! Such an EYE SORE and aggravation for a company to put there logo on another companies devise thats is sold off to the consumer.... its s***ty graffiti.
great phone
Awesome phone....
As advertised
Very good phone
The screen times out while I am using the phone. And my low light camera isn't functioning properly.
Excellent product I love it. No regret for price paid, it really worth it.
I like it nothing was wrong with my phone the seal wasn't broken it the real Samsung galaxy s7 edge not fake so thanks
Amazing phone from a hardworking seller. Thanks!
Ok
This is the first phone I've had that didn't annoy me with its sluggishness. Battery lasts a long time.
I got what I was expecting. Thanks
All is great
Everithing it's ok, the cell phone is amazing.
Because I think it is the best to have
great
1) Great phone. Works as expected.2) Giving 5 stars for the great customer support, helped me to solve my issue really fast.
Excellent product, it did came unlocked as mentioned with no trash applications pre-installed. It comes in the sealed Samsung box and comes with charger adaptor for America since it comes with a different charger for European wall plugs.
Amazing phone. Completely satisfied.
everything is perfect except the battery that doesn t last a complete day...
Perfect
I hope this one can use a long time.....
It is perfect this phone . First time that I bought a phone online and I had a very good experience . It's in very good condition and I got the phone next day . The only thing it's that on the back doesn't say "galaxy s7 edge"
Bought this phone and have had it for several weeks. Absolutely love it ! fast and smooth, battery life is amazing. I'm with AT&T and if you can sacrifice wifi calling... this is the way to go. although it doesn't have all the LTE bands I have absolutely no trouble. My job requires me to travel often and I get great coverage everywhere, even in the gulf of mexico. I am now an exynos s7 edge fan boy.
Excelente Producto. Vendedor Recomendable
if u have tmobile by this with confidence I was very hesitant at first people saying this is designed for a different region, until i remembered that I am middle eastern and the phone I previously bought was designed for middle east and worked great here in the US until I decided to upgrade, the only difference you will notice is the pre installed apps for the region and that chargers may have different inputs because it was designed for Europe or middle east, my seller that i bought from solved the charger issue by providing a complementary connectorgo for it, be brave for once.
Everything went well, excelent product. Hope do not explode!
i love my galaxy s7 i have no words
This phone is AMAZING. The display is gorgeous, it takes some time to get used but it totally worth it. This phone works great in argentina's network and i am having a pretty rough time trying to kill the battery it just doesn't want to give up.
all ok
Powerful tool!
Exelent Phone!
Great phone
Thanks amazing
the phones is a very nice one , works great ...
Excelent
awesomw...!
Nice smartphone. Nice experience with seller.Maybe could be different type of charger. Anyway it's all right.
Works Perfect
i bought this as a gift, my girlfriend loved it. she had an iphone 5, and dindt want to use android.But now, 1 month later, she regrests not making the transition before.great phone. i had no problem using it on tmobile or cricket network.
Excelent
I had to return this great phone since the edge is way too sensitive and activates apps every time I touched the phone. Go for the 7 and not the 7 edge.
It started off with buying one for my husband. Then I started playing around with his phone and fell in love with it myself. Had to buy a new one for me as well. One thing though, double check that it comes with an adapter for American outlets. My hubby's did, but mine did not.
It's Amazing 1+AAAAA
Excelent
Great!!!
Amazing one
Sooo ummm I got it the next day after ordering it, which is crazy. I done my personal testing and I'm really Impressed makes my note 1 feel like a brick.... edited part: I dropped it in a huge puddle today sat for a good 7 mins under water, pulled it out and still works great
Excellent
good
Came in perfectly fine, works fine. Is sexy. Yes.
Love the phone I was a little scare at first because some of the paper instructions were in arabic but I put the phone to work without trouble manage to change the settings to english and spanish .It is a great phone charge really fast the adapter came for middle east kind of current but they were kind and send a travel adapter for it works great so far I am really happy thank you.
Excellent product, it cover al my expectations and more. The seller has a great attention.
Excelente
Loved!
I sm really happy with the product and the service provided
The delivery of the phone was before time and the phone works flawlessly.. Do not worry about anything, you will never regret buying this device
I bought the S7 Edge and received it a few weeks ago. It is an excellent phone, however, it did freeze and had to be replaced. There are software flaws in the S7. Wireless Everything provided prompt service and I would definitely buy from them again.
It did meet my expection and I am so sati
product is as expected! had to return and the return pricess was also smooth
same as the one I would have gotten from AT&T except unlocked. The only difference is that samsung pay won't work yet.
excellent product, highly recommendedClosed box wine
Samsung> Iphone
WOULDN,T TRADE IT FOR NOTHING .
I bought this cell some days ago and I couldn't be happier. This Latam version is working fine in Argentina. It's good to check before you buy if you cell works with in your country and carrier at [...] , very helpful...Thanks.
The gadget works perfectly in Brazil, with VIVO 4G, but the battery life is poor.
Like
It's an excellent phone...
Very good
The features are OK, but it's not a great value. Not a huge step up from the Galaxy 6. If you have a Galaxy 6 edge and are looking to upgrade, hold off on this one. It's not groundbreaking stuff. More of the same.
Best phone I ever had. Period.
Love it
I love it. It's beautiful
Best phone ever u till the note 7
I love it
The cel phone came with a burned pixel that didnt fix... the rest was ok
This phone is AMAZING. The display is gorgeous, it takes some time to get used but it totally worth it. This phone works great in argentina's network and i am having a pretty rough time trying to kill the battery it just doesn't want to give up.
Marvellous phone! Just as expected. Arrived some days late but I'm sure it was because the company ships all their orders in an specific date and that's why they offer several days or hours to order for the Prime Shipping. The first day I used it, It overheated A LOT, I was worried because I didn't want to return it after all the days I waited and the complication of waiting again for another one. But i searched the problem up and its normal for it to occur the first day, its setting up anyways, first day of startup. Until now, I've had it for about 2 months. The S7 Edge, exceeds expectations. Runs games smoothly and fast! The ability to switch apps and for them to stiill be active is amazing. Great phone, I'll update this soon with more information on how I'm doing with it.
I really liked this phone, also I am so glad about amazon's services thank you for everything.
all according to expectations
the best phone out there
excellent product smartphone came as I wait for Maracaibo, Venezuela 100% recommended
5 stars to the phone, 0 stars to ATT. ATT was not able to get 4G connection going on this phone. Blamed hardware. IMEI checked good. Phone would show 4G AP but could not establish data connection with it. Was only working with 3G AP at 3G speed.The thing that did the trick was temporarily inserting SIM card from friend's phone that was connecting 4G. My phone made 4G connection right away. Means hardware is good. Put back my own SIM card. Voila, phone still connects at 4G!
The best smartphone.I feel like a baby with new toy.
Perfect size, amazing front camera and super fast phone...
I received my phone on time and it's working perfect
Amazing and beautiful!
Best phone available today. Stunning 4K display, amazing camera and water proof....whaaaaatttttttt. Awesome.
Best phone ever! Happy and satisfied!
really nice phone
Great. Fabolous. I love it.
amazing phone and the service from this guys is absolutely exceptional
Everything perfect
Great product! Got the Italian version. Doesn't seem to be any different. Good battery life.
Works perfect with the Brazilians (GSM) carriers. Nice and solid finishing. Noticeable improvement from version S6 (I have one). I wish it was for two SIMs, but's ok.
😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Great phone! Everything I use so far is good.Unblocked version it's so better than cell comapnies version because you save a lot of time non uninstalling app that you'll never use
I love my new cel phone.Fer
perfect
Excelente
OK
I usually read reviews bedore ordering anything, and therefore I was very anxious while ordering the phone. Various users various experiences.But for me, i got a good deal on device. I got it whithin a week. And its a Latin American version with US wall charger.And so far device is performing as it should be.10/10
Excellent Very thank you
Fantastic
I rate this as a 100 % not a fake fun everything is fully clean
Great phone. I just love it
Nice seller and excellent product.
Good phone
Perfect
Good phone, works great on AT&T. They can't block WiFi Hotspot with this phone. I have unlimited data grandfathered but was never able to use my phone as a Hotspot with an AT&T phone. Only drawback is it comes with a European wall plug.
Love it, it came with usb adaptor and 110v adaptor!got an European version wich is great for me
Great phone! My first Samsung and plan to continue with this brand!
As soon as i got this i have yet to put it down, SUPER FAST, AMAZING SCREEN, its the dream phone i have been waiting for. Easy to transfer my data to the new phone, very thing and light, when i first held it i was like "omg this thing is super light" like i would drop it forgetting about the weight of it lol Only thing i was "eh" on about getting it was the seal was detached from the box(wasn't broken but the adhesive was rubbed off from shipping/warehouse), and the branding that usually says "S7 Edge" on the back is not on this model which i think is a good thing but made me feel for about an hour "man i got a fake" but it was not the case at all, it felt like the real deal. I checked the settings and the software is super snappy and easy to use, in the "about phone" section of settings it does say model number and the phone type as what it was advertised.PRO:~Amazing screen~Great build~Wireless Charging/Water Resistant(i have tried the water resistance and i say it works, had residue from the stickers and so i ran under tap water and cleaned that right off)(i have yet to try wireless charging yet)NEUTRAL:~Battery(it seems great but at the same time not so great. I woke up at 7am with 100% and then by 8:45am its at 85% so i still great but i feel by the end of the night ill have 10% left or less. I am a heavy user when it comes to my phone)CON:~Charger it comes with is foreign(my seller gave me an adapter with my phone, but i don't know if that's every purchase so be well aware it MAY NOT come with an American Adapter)As far as i can tell that's about it so far, i will update my review when and if anything changes. Yet to test wireless charging but plan on picking one up soon and will add an edit to this.
It is good phone, came on time. It is not fake. Everything was good but my messanger is not working properly.
Great!
Vera Good!
Goodd nice
the best
Shipped in a reasonable time frame and worked with my carrier (t-mobile). First time I have ever bought a phone outside my carrier so I did a lot of research and I am well pleased with the result. The processor (this one has the international processor--much faster than the US processor) and battery life is wonderful!!! Right now it's 5:04pm and it's been off the charger & heavy use since 7am and I have 60% battery!
Fast delivery. Product awesome.
It's a great phone, i recomend!
Cost-effective.Product delivered exactly as advertised.
I'm really pleased with the product,Met my expectations and the information provided by the seller is correct as the photos.I really recommend the product because for me it was very useful.I hope my comments were helpful
Great display, good battery life
Excellent Phone, astonishing camera and amazing performance.
Perfect
perfect
excellent
The phone is amazing! the screen is simply the best on the market right now. I read different comments about unreliable sellers selling fake or refurbished phones. I was lucky I bought mine from seller, theCoos. Got the phone new as described without problem.
AWESOME phone. Came prepackaged, sealed, Turned on in English. There was an Arabic file of some sort - which I deleted. The model number matches correctly. No issues or problems getting it going and activated. Took it to my local AT&T store for the sim card and it took a little extra time and a couple of restarts, but after that everything is working great. I'm still learning some of the little tricks that come with it. The cell coverage shows "4G", not "4GLTE". I don't know the difference. The ATT guy said some would say it was better, LOL. I have no idea but, whatever. There are a few pre-installed samsung/google things. Smart Switch uploaded many things, but some things like ringtones were not backed up. I had to go looking for them. In the process, I also discovered some new ones. Battery is doing just fine and lasts as expected. It has it's own Samsung factory warranty - 1 year. I haven't been able to find any way to tell for sure if this is the snapdragon or xynos processor, but as I stated earlier, the model number matches, so....my first experience with an unlocked phone purchase on Amazon has gone well, IMHO. Thus far.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 is perhaps the best mobile device right now. With so much technology, it has boosted the Galaxy S series. It is very easy to use and it makes you feel as if you don't have a mobile, instead you have so much more.
Device works fine and is fully unlocked and shipped in two days. All around good service
Good product, but a little defect. The home button make big noise when pressing it.
Thanks very good
Blazing fast and beautiful phone. Excellent camera
Nice
It is working perfectly. I love it
very great phone i was abit worried when i ordered this but after recieving it using it i love it allot just some buyers know that with some carriers when u goto activate ur signal may just say 4g or lte or 4glte depends on where u r and ur carrier as for mine i have at&t usa and my signal says 4g i was hoping it would say 4glte maybe over time it will i dunno
good
Best cell phone ever. *****
It's an awesome phone. The edge takes a little getting used to, but that's a small issue. Great camera, awesome sound in music and talking. Love the anti-glare. Seriously no glare from any angle. Even the headphones were great. Clear, crisp sounds. I bought the unlocked version and it works perfectly. Just had to insert the sim card and that was it. (And that's in the Caribbean) so for those customers wandering, it's definitely an Unlocked International Version. Highly recommended.
Great
Exynos processor. ISOCELL camera sensor. No Carrier bloatware. Suspiciously missing the Galaxy S7 Edge logo on the back shown in the photo. Aida64 shows the correct info, though.I've used the phone for over a week, now. I'm very happy with it. Still getting used to some aspects of the interface, but what it does, it does incredibly quickly. No lag in anything. Samsung has some nice features included. I love the health suite. I love the battery life.Cons: the duplicate apps. I want the ability to remove the browser, email app, etc. Things that I don't use. Things that Google also includes. Can't uninstall those either, surprisingly. Also, the whole Edge thing... There aren't enough ways to customize it or the edge notifications which display with the always on display. Also, the built-in so to transfer app data from your old phone didn't work with my HTC One.
I have been using this phone for three days now. I was impressed that the phone was delivered sooner than expected. The box was sealed and everything was intact. My only problem is that this phone came with a plug you use in Europe and where I live we use the plugs used in the US. Not a big problem since I can charge the phone with other chargers. I bought the international version since I read that the Exynos chip is better than Snapdragon. I previously used a Samsung S3 which recently died and it wasn't a difficult transition. I also have a P8 Lite which in my opinion takes better selfies. I'd still buy the S7 edge again though. The phone is very fast. Battery life is exceptional. I have only charged it once so far and it still has 52% of battery life left! I also love that the phone is very loud. The phone fits easily in my small hands and is pretty light. I also love being able to unlock the phone with my fingerprint. I also love that the speaker is very loud. For someone who's hard of hearing like me that is a plus!
The device is a 100% win. The only aspect that I didn't really understand is that at the back of the phone it doesn't say "Galaxy s7 edge". Other than that it's a pretty awesome deal.
I have received my Samsung Galaxy S7 G935F satisfactorily, NGP Store you are the Best! Thank you for the order. I will have present you for make more purchases in the future.
For reference, my previous phones were not flagship phones but rather they call under the budget/mid-range smartphone category. This may skew my review a bit since I'm going from mid range to flagship, but I think the Galaxy S7 Edge has so much going for it that it doesn't matter too much about my previous reviews.PREVIOUS PHONESNexus 5, OnePlus One, OnePlus Two, Nexus 5x, Honor 5xDESIGNThis phone is beautiful. Honestly, I love looking at this phone and I find myself wiping down the phone to maintain it's reflective silver reflection. In the day and age of large phones, the Galaxy S7 edge finds the perfect size.(To Be Continued. I'm writing this on my lunch break)SUPER AMOLED DISPLAYThe display on thisPERFORMANCECAMERABATTERY LIFE IS FOREVERWATERPROOFINGFINGERPRINT READERIf I had to fault this phone for anything, it would be the fingerprint reader. For some reason, my phone doesn't always recongnize my fingerprints. I've reset them a couple times and it still doesn't always read it correctly. My last three phones had fingerprint readers and they were all quicker or more accurate than the S7 Edge. I suspect that it's because the home button is very short (height-wise) and that the home button is raised.FEATURES FEATURES FEATURES
I purchased it for my GF, she loves it...It was in GSM so the day I received it I went to Walmart purchased a Mano sim for 9.99 Go Phone. POP it in and it works great she still playing with it and learning the many feature
Amazing phone
Absolutely love the phone. Best purhase I ever made!
The screen, the edge, pictures are GORGEOUS! What's not to love!
Like very much.
I'm really liking this phone. To be fair this is my first flagship phone. I'm coming from a cheap Nokia Lumia 520 but figured for once I'd splurge and see what all the fuss is about on these top tier phones.The first thing I noticed is that the screen is absolutely beautiful. I couldn't get over how clear and lifelike everything looked. Also being able to actually see my phone's screen in the sun was a definite plus haha. OLED is just an awesome technology and I can't wait until TV manufacturers tweak the picture processing a bit. Just a great display.I haven't run benchmarks or anything but everything on the phone is very snappy. Going into the camera, opening/switching apps, playing games, watching movies, etc. all ran smoothly. I didn't notice any warmth or the phone running hot but that probably due to using a case. The call quality was fine and overall I'm really enjoying it.On the down side, I think the phone's a little awkward to hold or picking up from a flat surface. I got this case Galaxy S7 Edge Case, SUPCASE Full-body Rugged Holster Case WITHOUT Built-in Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (2016 Release), Unicorn Beetle PRO Series - Retail Package (Black/Black) and the rubber edges made a world of difference. It's no longer slippery and easy to pick up off of a flat surface. Nothing worse than paying for a phone like this only to drop it while trying to set it up!The only thing I'm hoping is that the battery lasts quite a long time. Not having easy access to it is kind of a bummer. As I just dropped nearly $750 on it and I don't upgrade phones every year I'm hoping it lasts awhile. As much as I really do like this phone I don't think I'll be spending this much on a phone again. The purchase was more to quell my curiosity about these high end phones so I can check that off my bucket list hahaI purchased the phone from Wireless Everything and it arrived brand new in a sealed box with all new components. I popped my SIM card in and I was off to the races. I never purchased an international phone so was a bit nervous but everything went extremely well. If you're looking for a cheaper alternative I would suggest the OnePlus3 or ZTE Axon 7. Very similar specs for 400 smackaroos.
Love it's very nice looking and the camera is outstanding.
Switched from an iPhone 5 and so glad I did. This is an amazing phone!
Good products
The phone is good except the phone's charger is not the US version.
very good quality Amazon good job
Telephone edge Dandy Yes, it's a phone in the top extravaganza I've loved phone I am very happy very, very strong
Love the phone I bought (black onyx). Works very well. Great camera, great screen sensitvity and charges quickly. The only downside is that I have to use a converter with the fast charging cord. I find it cumbersome although it works well. I guess it was made for a British market.
It's everything i hoped for in a cellphone. It is fast, beautiful,though the camara doesn't really take great pictures in low light or dark spaces. Eveything else is just perfect!
You can't go wrong this phone is awesome....
the machine.very good
I bought this phone for my dad and he is in love with it. It has fast-charging and all the high end specs that you could ask for in a top tier device. I don't know much about it, besides the fact that there hasn't been any issues thus far. It's got some interesting features and is a pleasure to use, I can tell you that much!
Love this phone. Super fast. Screen is nice and big. Loaded with a bunch of great features.I connected it with cricket. Only 55 a month get great signal (cricket uses att towers)So i get nice fast connection with a low monthly cellphone bill.
Shipped immediately, phone is amazing! Very happy with this purchase!!
100% satisfied
Great
This is an excellent product
you can send me the invoice. with imei number 357330/07/906194/1.Samsung galaxy S7 edge SM-G935FI need to register the phone in my country.thank you very muchTHE PHONE WORKS PERFECTLY.I NEED THE PURCHASE INVOICE TO REGISTER THE PHONE IN MY COUNTRY. COLOMBIA
Best Galaxy ever. Amazing.
Yes. Everything was perfect . Thanks
Birthday gift for my brother. He loved it too death.
Delivery came on time. Definitely pleased with my new phone!
Perfect!
Love it!!!
pretty dopestill too much cash to drop on a phone without a removable battery.
I like it, I love it
Amazing phone, don't know what to tell, one of the best in the world right now. The selller is very good, I ordered 2 of this.. and they are awesome..I tried it in water, battery is amazing. I am glad that I bought this one.. Thanks :)
<3 Great phone love it so far.
I am coming from Note 3. Tried and returned the following phones:Nexus 6 – very poor battery life for massive screen, but overall quite good;Nexus 6P – very bad sound quality (low volume, very low volume), build quality (headphone jack broke in 10 days)I did not want to go with Samsung just for the fact that they do not stand behind their products and make their products obsolete and not supported after 2 years. Not acceptable for me, and my Note 3 still works great even though it is running in KitKat.But anyway, I was getting tired finding a good Android phone. By that time every manufacture has to produce a great phone, which has great OIS camera, good CPU, bright screen and be nice looking with strong materials. But looks like every manufacture is failing to do that. Some have good screens, bad build quality, some just bad battery, or bad internals. I see only Samsung is making something decent I can live with: Great design, strong body, good and stable software and have ability to root.So after multiple tries with others, I decided to go back to Samsung.Let me start with things I do not like about it.1. Edge screen is too sensitive and I think there should be an option to disable edge touch, or make it app specific. Forget about quality typing with one hand. You will always hit backspace or other keys on your right (if you are right-handed) with your palm. Waiting for a case to see if this going to help. This is huge -1 star for this device);2. Home button is still sticking out of the body. Why not to flash it so there are no accidental wake ups while in the pocket or somewhere else?3. Fingerprint is not good. Nexus 6P had the best and was fastest. Here it fails to recognize in a lot of occasions even while trying to set it up. BTW, why only 4 fingerprints can be setup. Why not more? I was setting up the same finger touching with different sides of the finger in case I need to unlock from different angles.Now what I like:1. Screen brightness – great. The best among all the phones on the market;2. Sound quality (music) over headphones and Bluetooth. BUT. Sound quality is not that good using original signal processing. I am very peaky for bass and treble. That is why I was looking for a phone, I can root and install Viper4Android to make phone sound perfect.3. Like headjack on the bottom, now you can slip you phone in the pocket without flipping it over to make headjack on the top while it is in your pocket.4. Completely unlocked phone vs Snapdragon model where bootloader is locked. I installed Custom Recovery, rooted phone, installed Wanam Xposed framework and Viper4Android. These pieces of software is a must for me. Wanam provided me with long press back button to kill process, long press volume keys to switch tracks, remove annoying popup when headset volume is high and some other features. And Viper4Android makes sound like no one else can produce.5. Always On Screen – love it. Does not look like it drains a lot of battery if at all;6. Build quality – gorgeous. Back does not feel glass though. But I am going to put case on it anyway.7. Battery – very easy to make though the day or two. Used it with Navigation and screen ON for 2 hour drive. Battery went down only 15%.8. Taking pictures – very good and I like the fact that it is wide angle. Both front and back camera took very good pictures even indoors, while at the dance competition. Focus is lightning fast.9. Connectivity – very strong and where my Note 3 or Nexus 6P were struggling for LTE signal (AT&T), Galaxy S7 was fine.10. Call quality – it feels like a person is just next to you. Very clear and solid.11. Glad that Samsung did not remove the option to scale screen. Unfortunately they only provide 2 options: Standard and Condensed, but at least something. Nexus 6P gave me more options from 400 dpi to 640 dpi. But I had Cyanogenmod running on Nexus 6P.12. Performance – very fast, no lags at all.13. Google Pay is working on it even I am rooted and have Wanam installed. Made first payment today and it was good.Overall looks like it is a keeper, but if edge screen sensitivity is not fixed, I will exchange that phone to Note 6 in the near future. (Hope they will not make it with curved edge – I hate it).
I just bought this phone a few weeks ago and Im just lovin it, great performance, awesome pictures, I love the display and how smooth is
I moved from ios to android and i felt like coming back home. Phone display , camera clarity amazing. Gold colour looks superb. Iphone 6 was so borning and this phone feels very exciting. Price was also good for unlocked international verson. Battary easily works for day and half with moderate data usage throught day
Best phone ever
Love mine it's awesome😍
I love it so much thank you! Cant believe I bought this expensive fone as a reward to myself. Too expensive but its ok I am very satisfied and happy! Thank you Amazon!
OK
so good <3
Good product
I love it
Love it. Using it with MetroPCS.
Amazing
very fantastic am really enjoying the it
Excellent!
Very happy with the purchase.
The best phone ever. Great camera. Buy it.
exccelent product
excellent product, very good quality, I recommend
incredible, very satisfied and recommended
I am still in love with my samsung galaxy s7 edge a month later. I hope nothing will change.
This cell work perfect good.
Amazing unlocked phone! Currently using it in Mexico with a prepaid ATT Sim card and everything is great! Very high quality photos in front and in the back of the phone. The metal finish is very high quality! Love it!
I got the exynos version. The phone works great. The phone is fast in switching between app and windows. The edge panel can be very useful if u arrange it to your need.Two best thing: the screen is wonderful - vivid colors very high brightness, one of the best screen by far; the battery - so powerful, i can use my phone for all day and the battery will not dead.Overall i am very-very satisfied with my s7 edge.
Bought this for my teen, he loves it!
I was completely satisfied!
My seller Wlaphones did all as promised. They sent the phone in 2 days and had no problem no change the delivery address since I moved and totally forgot to make the change. 5 stars to the seller and 5 stars to the phone. I've had it for around 2 weeks and had no problems to activate it in TMobile. Amazing phone and great seller
This phone is absolutely amazing. I could go on about the class leading camera, the all-day battery life, the amazing screen, the unquestionably useful Always On Display. That's probably not the most impressive thing about this phone though. Think about an iPhone 6/6S/7 Plus. Now think of the most annoying problem with that phone. If you're like me then the most annoying problem is undoubtedly the ENORMOUS bezels on the side of the phone. For those of us who want a bigger screen (because it usually means more features/a better viewing experience) the iPhone is damn near impossible to hold in the hand because after the screen ends, there is a huge swath of space on the sides that add several critical millimeters to the width of the phone. Not with this phone. The curved display not only looks amazing, but serves to give the phone a very compact footprint for the 5.5" screen you are getting.That being said, there are things I don't like. Samsung still needs to make their software more stable and less energy inefficient. The longevity is more a virtue of the large battery than the software. Additionally the software can sometimes have funny quirks. Nothing too bad, but just things that are a little weird or slow sometimes.I also recommend that you buy a case for this phone. More than anything else on the market it's a work of art and you'll want to preserve it. I personally recommend this: Spigen Thin Fit Galaxy S7 Edge Case with SF Coated Non Slip Matte Surface for Excellent Grip for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 2016 - Black. This case is thin and almost feels like it isn't there. It'll make your phone easier to grip and give you piece of mind while you're out all day with it.
Pretty nice phone. it looks great. it is very fast and i love the camera.
Be careful , It comes with UK Plug .
Excellent screen, fast, good battery life, has met my expectations.
I hope this one can use a long time.....
It is perfect this phone . First time that I bought a phone online and I had a very good experience . It's in very good condition and I got the phone next day . The only thing it's that on the back doesn't say "galaxy s7 edge"
Bought this phone and have had it for several weeks. Absolutely love it ! fast and smooth, battery life is amazing. I'm with AT&T and if you can sacrifice wifi calling... this is the way to go. although it doesn't have all the LTE bands I have absolutely no trouble. My job requires me to travel often and I get great coverage everywhere, even in the gulf of mexico. I am now an exynos s7 edge fan boy.
Excelente Producto. Vendedor Recomendable
if u have tmobile by this with confidence I was very hesitant at first people saying this is designed for a different region, until i remembered that I am middle eastern and the phone I previously bought was designed for middle east and worked great here in the US until I decided to upgrade, the only difference you will notice is the pre installed apps for the region and that chargers may have different inputs because it was designed for Europe or middle east, my seller that i bought from solved the charger issue by providing a complementary connectorgo for it, be brave for once.
i love my galaxy s7 i have no words
Great
this is the best cell phone I have. The size is almost the same as Samsung S5, except the format edge give us a very pleasant touch and view! The camera is exceptional, have auto focus and it is impossible to have bad pictures. The only problem is that it is so sensitive that a single harder touch can become multiple pictures..This is definitely the BEST SAMSUNG S series phone, and if the money is not the problem, forget the S7 and go to the S7 Edge!!!
Very good phone. It's an international version, with adapter.
Excellent
Excelent!!
I received the wrong power plug. Did not get the US type.
Perfect
The Phone itself is an absolute 5* Rating. However the Bloatware from the Korean 3rd party was not expected and although I was able to disable it (Olleh) it still continues to display the Logo at start-up.
Works perfect
I've been using the phone less than a month and already had to perform 2 forced system reboots due to system crash.
Amazing,awesome. I recommend it completely
I was worried that it could be a fake but it's definitely the real deal. I guess I don't have to mention that it's super fast and and extremely good looking. I like the price , way cheaper than us version
Excellent Product & Service
Everything was as showed
It's an amazing product.I am very happy with it.
Good deal. Delivered on time. Packaging was intact. Phone works great!
Arrived on time, came in sealed box, looked new an outside. I wish I could see an inside. Samsung Manufacturer/assembly in Vietnam. Works fine with T-Mobile. I will try on others carriers.
Thanks all is perfect
Everything perfect, I recomend!
I was a little hesitant that this phone wasn't going to be what I ordered but I was wrong. The first time opening the box was truly amazing I tried the phone out for two week and I'm loving the phone. Everything works fast and I'm very happy that I got it in the white version. The only problem for me was delivery but it is not the fault of the seller. I would've liked it if the left it on my porch because I had to drive and get it from the nearest ups store. Overall the best smartphone of 2016 I don't care what anybody says.
Love this.
Before buying refurbished phone from seller MASTERTRONICS. I had asked if it was compatible with my provider and if it had large scratches. He assured me full compatibility and no scratches. I have to say he was right phone works perfectly and have not one scratch I would definitely recommend this seller I will definitely purchase from seller again thank you for this amazing buy it could not ask for more.
Matt every expectation shipped quickly got here well and was easy to set up
I bought the white version of the Samsung S7 edge and it is a amazing and gorgeous phone. It was really difficult to find it because it's not available for the US but it totally worth the trouble. I got the italian edition of it and it works nice and smooth with my Mexican SIM card, it doesn't has any preloaded content which is great and the preinstalled apps are the same as the US version. The only "issue" might be that the power connector of the charger is European, but the seller solved it in a great way by including an American adapter. I love my new phone and the whole experience was excellent with this seller.I used to be an iPhone lover, but Samsung did a great jog with this one and I'm perfectly happy of having taked the risk. Totally recommended!
Works fantastic. Arrived on time. Thanks for a great product and purchasing experience.
i love it!!!!!!
I've always been at the front of the smartphone market, usually replacing yearly, and I can say this phone is amazing. Pure and simple. Highly recommend.
Excellent smartphone for discerning people who want the very best features and user experience.Comes factory unlocked and compatible with all major US carriers (Both GSM and CDMA) and with complete US Warranty. Zero bloatware. Beautiful silver design looks stunning and will grab everyone's attention. As soon as I inserted the SIM card, it automatically installed all special features from my carrier (Supports Wi-Fi calling & Hotspot from T-Mobile).I bought this device after extensive research to upgrade my aging Galaxy Note 2 smartphone. The Galaxy S7 Edge has arguably the best camera among flagship smartphones, water resistant, excellent battery life, access to all apps and content in Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, and Galaxy App Store. The user interface is very customizable thanks to free and premium themes in Samsung's store and custom launchers. You can extend storage space up to 256 GB via SD Card (Pro Tip: Get the best possible SD card in order to be able to record hours of crisp 4K video footage).If you're on the fence between this and another flagship smartphone (I was looking at the iPhone 7), what will win you over is the amount of productivity and creativity that is possible with this device due to unparalleled multitasking features and sheer computing power. Try doing two things at once on an iPhone and you will be sorely disappointed, maybe Google Pixel is a contender in this department.
Incredible phone!
For the most part I think its a fantastic phone but especially with the curved screen, it is a bit slippery and hard to hold so a case is a must. Also, the battery life isn't quite as good as I was expecting but still decent. Otherwise, as far as performance and everything goes, I'm really happy with it, especially the beautiful camera! The only real complaint is the tiny amount of internal storage. There are some things like Google Play Music that store downloads on the internetal memory rather than an external card so it fills things up very fast and can cause issues. If they doubled the internal memory, that would be enough for me to bump it up to 5 stars.
Awesome phone
Phone came exactly as advertised. Was able to activate it with no problems and runs like the wind. No complaints.
The only thing...the seal was broken upon arrival! The phone appear to be in new condition.
Got Perfect product..
retired my s6 and am very happy with all the advanced features and organization of the aps. really intuitive.
I've gotten this phone twice. One for my wife and one for myself and both come two days earlier from the date it was suppose to come. The phone itself is wonderful and works great nothing off from it. I recommend to buy this phone from here
Excellent
I've always been a fan of the iPhone series. In fact the last one I had was the iPhone 6s Plus. But I recently traded it out for the Samsung Galaxy s7 Edge. This phone is AMAZING and is lightning quick. It's very responsive to your touch and the 5.5 inch screen makes it a breeze to read whatever your doing on the phone. I am HIGHLY SATISFIED by this phone. I think Samsung really outdid themselves this time.
Awesome, customizable, and Stylish !!!
I give the Galaxy S7 Edge a 5 star rating. It does everything I want from a cell phone.
The phone is amazing. I can't get the white one in North America so I ordered it through Amazon. The only thing is that it came with a eroupean charger which can easily be fixed by buying a piece to change it to North American styled plugs.
Is a Korean version, works perfect in Agentina with 4g.LTE Claro network ..every thing goes find except por same apps and menues, that aperars in Korean..I disabed in order do not disturb. Upgrade also are working ok.
Excelent!
Very pleased with this purchase.
Great phone! Love it
excelent I like so much!!
So far so good. The only thing I just found out is that since it's an international unlocked phone from Italy I don't have warranty here for the phone in the US.
This phone exceeded my expectations. I did some research beforehand about the 2 different chips that were put in the phones. I will have to say the international version has lived up to the hype. I've had this phone for about 3 weeks and there has only been one day where the battery was about to die. But this was after a 10 hour trip running Google maps, taking pictures, videos, games and other things. The phone was off the charger at 630 am and had 9% left at 830. Not bad going from a HTC One M7 that couldn't make it to 4pm without a charge. The camera is fast and takes great pictures. I've had a few compliments on how amazing the screen looks. The only thing I have heard other people complain was about not having Samsung Pay, I have never used it and I don't think it's a deal breaker.
Very nice phone. Son says it does a lot.
If your LTE is not working on AT&T on this phone, you need to tell them to keep your old phone's IMEI in their system instead of putting the edge's IMEI in there. If you put the edge's IMEI in their system, for some dumb reason their system won't recognize the phone because it's international, and the system will automatically provision you down to 3G only. Also europe's 4G logo doesn't say "LTE", the logo just says 4G but it is in fact 4G LTE, just FYI. For more than a day I thought I was going to have to return this because I wasn't getting LTE, then I went to a different store the next day where I figured out to keep my old phone's IMEI in the system so I could get LTE on the international edge.I have had the phone for 4 weeks now I think, zero problems so far, nothing was wrong with the packaging. My edge came from Italy. Purchased from vendor "Wireless Everything", thank you.
This is without a single doubt, the best smart phone on the market. I have played with the LG G5 and the HTC 10, and I can tell you neither are in the class of the S7, and especially not the S7 Edge Exynos version. The Exynos version has better battery life than the Snapdragon 820 version, and it does a much, much, much better job with power and memory management. The white one is my favorite, and I had to look high and low to find one. But I have it now, and it's very cool to have what almost nobody else has. Great phone! It's stylish, well built, beautifully sculpted with the best screen in the industry. Even touchwiz is light, fast and smooth. This phone has ZERO lag. Everything's better on the Edge. And don't let people tell you that the edge feature is gimmicky. It is EXACTLY what you make it. If you don't spend a minute learning what it can do, it will do little for you. But, if you decide to learn all of its features, and employ them fully, this feature can be one of the best on the device. I also didn't find it useful at first, because I allowed all of the reviewers to influence me that it is just a gimmick. But then I watched a review where the guy really laid out what it could actually do, and decided to look into it further. In the end, I have found it to be a vital part of my functions on this phone. So if you are part of the "too lazy to discover" generation, then you might not find it useful. But if you want to get all you can out of this device, it can become vital.One last thing, get a case for this phone immediately. The biggest drawback of this device is that if you break it, the waterproofing is gone, even after repair.
Excellent cell phone and Great service!! thank you so much
delivered fastgood phone so farthough many apps in chinese/korean that i cannot uninstall
I have never bought a phone outside a carrier. That and the fact the label said International and No Warranty really had me concern. Not having ATT branding and stuff cluttering my new expensive phone was enticing though. Not having ATT block or delay my phone updates also was interesting. Having a white phone was a small but nice benefit too. So I cancel my ATT purchase and bought from Mercate Group. ATT said it would ship at the end of month, Mercate said I would have my phone by the end of month. Reality was Mercate quickly sent me my phone within a week. Did not have to pay extra for quick shipping either. When I contacted seller about warranty they said they would honor the 1 year warranty. With no sales tax through Amazon I saved $55, got my preferred phone unbranded and unlocked, quicker and cheaper than ATT. Though I must say ATT activated the phone to my GOPhone account quickly and easily with no charge either. So far I am extremely satisfied with everything regarding this purchase. As far as warranty we will have to wait and hope not to need it. Another thing is that the AC charger included has a European plug but an adapter was included, I think by Mercate,
Really like this phone. I get a lot of compliments from others. The clarity of this screen is unbelievable. Great for video playback and gaming
Great phone. Edge not only aesthetic but also functional.
Couldn't have a better phone!
Upgrading from the Emerald Green s6 Edge to this was amazing! It feels great in the hand and runs smooth! Its extremely fast and eye catching! Everyone always asks where I got it and which stores sell it since it isn't available here in the US. My phone carrier is Metro PCS and I haven't had any problems with the phone or service since getting it activated/registered.Just know that you HAVE to bring it into the store to get it activated. Otherwise, popping in a SIM card that you already have and trying to use the phone will only last for so long until they realize your SIM is in a different phone. Part of their security shuts off your service if you do this without registering your new device with Metro PCS so please take your new phone in to get it activated. I hope that makes sense. Plus the employee at your local phone store will be amazed because they have probably never seen a white s7 Edge if you live in the states, haha! :P
The cellphone is amazing, it was shipped and delivered quickly. Mine is the US version unlocked (SM-G935U) and it works excellent with Metro PCS. Mine has warranty until September next year. You can check that with your imei when you get the phone on info.imeiBut...The phone didn't come with the Sim extraction tool, and the packaging was very bad, just a big cardboard box with another cardboard box and the phone inside, the should of put some air bags or something for couchon. Anyway the phone is in great condition and it hasn't given me problems so far. My phone came with the Samsung earphones, quick charger and cable. I truly recommend to get the phone a case. I got one from spigen, you should check it out, they do very nice cases.
Great Phone. Awesome camera. Exceed expectations.
This is the best phone ever. The size is perfect and it's a very quick operating system
excelent
Arrived on time, came in sealed box, looked new an outside. I wish I could see an inside. Samsung Manufacturer/assembly in Vietnam. Works fine with T-Mobile. I will try on others carriers.
Thanks all is perfect
I was a little hesitant that this phone wasn't going to be what I ordered but I was wrong. The first time opening the box was truly amazing I tried the phone out for two week and I'm loving the phone. Everything works fast and I'm very happy that I got it in the white version. The only problem for me was delivery but it is not the fault of the seller. I would've liked it if the left it on my porch because I had to drive and get it from the nearest ups store. Overall the best smartphone of 2016 I don't care what anybody says.
Love this.
Before buying refurbished phone from seller MASTERTRONICS. I had asked if it was compatible with my provider and if it had large scratches. He assured me full compatibility and no scratches. I have to say he was right phone works perfectly and have not one scratch I would definitely recommend this seller I will definitely purchase from seller again thank you for this amazing buy it could not ask for more.
best phone out there
Best phone that I ever owned. The Asian version 930F while a little more expensive gives you the option of using duel sim cards, which means you can have two phone numbers if you choose to do so at extra cost, of course. The international variant also has been shown to be a little bit faster than the north american version. You can check out the you tube videos online relating to the speed test. On the other features you can easily discern the specs provided by the seller.
Like this cell very much!! Love its customization features!
This is a review for SM-G930UZKAXAA. The ONLY non-carrier based, Samsung U.S. warranted, factory unlocked phone. Too bad Amazon lumps all the 'unlocked' S7 reviews together. This was very confusing as I gradually figured out that numerous overseas and carrier based versions of the S7 exist. I won't waste time reviewing the phone itself other than the primary differences that this version has.1) - It is has both CDMA and GSM receivers optimized for the bands and channels used by U.S. carriers. In the U.S., Sprint, Verizon and U.S. Cellular use CDMA. AT&T and T-mobile use GSM. I.E. - it is theoretically compatible with any U.S. carrier allowing you to take your phone to any U.S. carrier including the pay as you go services such as Cricket, Boost, Virgin, etc. Set up flawlessly on my Cricket account.2) It does not come pre-loaded with carrier bloatware. Although Samsung does load some of its own that can't be removed. The most irritating being Samsung pay which occasionally generates popups reminding you its available.3) It is warranted by SAMSUNG with full U.S. warranty. No battery issues on the S7, but nice to know it's warranted if something similar to the Note 7 debacle happens.4) Updates are pushed out directly from Samsung. Presumably at a quicker pace than from many experience from carrier versions. I have received one update so far in 60 days.
Good
This phone is excellent. I like it. It works in Ukraine very good.
Great dual sim phone. Fast shipping.
New and excellent! Just what I want!
Love it
Asian Gold version. Works great on the cricket service and the is faster and cheaper than in store
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Excellent conditions working perfectly with no problems upon installing the new SIM.No technical problems thus far and looking amazing
Really great product. The camera quality is awesome. Works in Brazil. Really beautiful.
I love my S-7! I went from a Galaxy S-3 to the S-7 and it was quite the leap. I have had the phone for about 3 months now and just dropped it so beware! It was less than a foot off the ground when it fell and it trashed the screen. Now I have to figure out how to get it fixed. However the phone was delivered promptly. I have not had any problems with the phone besides the cracked screen which was my error and not the sellers.
Excellent product!!! I had S4 and now s7, very satisfied again!
it's good
'Twas a very good phone. I bought as a gift for my Girlfriend.
I'm very happy with this unlocked Galaxy S7. I like the size, excellent camera, good battery life. Would not go for the Edge model -- too large and expensive. Came with a UK type plug for the charger, but also an adapter for US outlets. Better if it were European/US, but it's unlocked and great for travelers who carry a SIM for the countries they visit/live in.
very good
Works great with no noticeable imperfections.Thanks!
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4 plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize it making it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
Best phone ever. I bought the dual sim one and it works awesome.
Excellent. Highly recomendable
Excellent!!!! It works perfectly
I got the UK version of the Galaxy S7 (the only differences with the US version are the processor Exynos 8890 and the charger). The box had been opened and the phone had some traces of fingertips. However, it doesn't look like the phone has ever been used. It still had the protective plastic layers and all the contents in the box were wraped and sealed. The charger is from the UK but a UK-US adapter was included in the box. So far the phone works great and it's beautiful. Compared to what I'd have spent on this phone if I'd bought it from a US carrier I have saved around 100 $. The only thing I didn't like is that the seal was broken. I would like to know why. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.PS: Note that Samsung Pay won't work with the international version. Not sure if it will in the future when the feature is released in the UK.
Working perfectly so far. Did not have a USB/wall adapter compatible for the USA. Another converter was included, I'm assuming it was so I could plug the USB/wall adapter into it, BUT the USB/wall adapter doesn't fit into the plug converter. Still love the phone though!
Just got it a short time ago but love it! The duel sim feature allows me to carry 1 phone for work and personal use. Normal great Samsung quality from what I can tell.
I receive this phone two weeks ago. my first Android phone ever! I've played Android with my friends phone and hated it. but this has changed since I started using this phone. it's fast, thin, beautiful and waterproof.Camera: the camera is good but not Superior to my Lumia 1520. I have not witness any Lag so far. the focusing on Camera is really good I have to say it's actually better than my DSLR. which is kinda sad. and the Quality of photos are coming out perfect especially on PRO Mode which you're able to adjust the ISO, Focus, Tint etc...Screen: far better than my LUmia 1520 I think. the AMOLED Screen is amazing plus on top of that 2k Quality. I love it!I recommend this phone especially if you never own any Galaxy before.
Excelant
Better than, what I thought
Great!
Seal was broken on the box but phone seemed untouched. Came with a European charger and a converter but I bought a US charger because the converter was bulky. Other than that love this phone. Thought it was plain white but it is Pearl and therefore very iridescent.
I got my Galaxy S6 the last year. After getting this one, I notice that the battery life improves HUGELY. Also the camera is a lot better, even if the Galaxy S6 is the best, the S7 worth the change.
Good price
Awesome phone, very fast and reliable.
Good phone. Had what I requested. Came promptly. No complaints.
Ordered from seller Wireless Circle - received on time. What a fantastic phone! The camera itself leaves my Galaxy S5 (and any model iPhone) in the dust. I will leave the details to other reviewers, but just a couple of comments on the Dual-SIM version which I bought:(a) It doesn't say you have to, but I powered off the phone before putting SIMs in. Why take a chance?(b) Both SIM's sit in the same tray, and you have to be careful that SIM 2 is still seated all the way as you push the tray back in. Any resistance, STOP, and check that everything is seated. By the way, an important note: You may NOT have a second SIM and a microSD card in the phone at the same time - they use the same slot! I don't care about this (yet), as 32GB should be enough memory, but this gave me pause.(c) You can select the default SIM to use separately for each important function: outbound Voice and Text, and data. This is a nice feature, but it's still possible to override these selections when making an outbound call, so you can get mixed up. There is also an on/off function for each SIM which prevents this, as a safety in preventing very high roaming charges!If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't get the silver color. Although it still looks classy, it also looks like a run-of-the-mill iPhone 6 haha. I liked the electric blue color on my S5 better (not available on the S7, as far as I know) - just had more of a wow factor.
Exelente
Lovely phone. Great battery life, improved fingerprint sensor and fantastic camera. The battery easily lasts all day with normal usage.
What a nice and elegant phone!! At first, I had difficulty choosing between this model and the Edge one. Finally, I choose versatility and a practical phone. Edge is fashion, but in the daily use, I felt it was going to be bigger and uncomfortable to hold/carry.This phone is very fast, just what I wanted. 4G in Argentina is fast, so I can netsurf at high speed. I'm very happy with this purchase! Great Samsung product!
love this new phone!
My experience in the purchase of this product is very excellent
Great product. Everything as expected
The box was opened, but the phone was in perfect conditions, is dual sim, I wasn't expecting that, so is a plus.The phone is really fast and easy to setup and use, better than older Galaxies, the camera is incredible good, 1 of the best cameras in any phone nowadays.
Works well
Love it!
five star
love it so far its fantastic :)
Using this on AT&T with no problems whatsoever. Great phone.
Excellent phone but the front camera is no the best!
Should I buy the Samsung Galaxy S7?I am speaking of the Asian version with duo slots not the north American version.I had an iphone 6s , went overseas to work for a few months I was using the iPhone 6s it worked fine , except for a 4G connection and lte use overseas , I called apple ask them what type of bug they put in their phone for limiting service providers on the speed of the Internet, they did not fix an issue which I am not going to details about an apple freak would know the problem my of the public is not aware about . Any way I did a lot of reading and research on the better phone . I came across the Samsung s7 specifically the Asian version . At first I was very hesitant about getting it , I was not convinced till I tested the phone now I am convinced it is the world's most fastest phone to surf the net .I have put up a screen shot of the proforma center and no restrictions like Apple on network speed . Now I have placed my iPhone 6s as a paper weight . There goes apple support. The fix is the Samsung s7 . Yes it works well in Africa , Asia, Europe in any network without a certifications need without carrier is not certified issue unlike like Apple.There isn’t a better Android phone out there right now. The Nexus 6P comes close, but it’s much larger, and the Galaxy S7 Edge is a lot more expensive. For the majority of people, I’d say the Galaxy S7 is the phone to pick.It looks great, feels a lot better than the Galaxy S6 due to the curved back, and it performs like a champ.It also has the best all-round camera on any phone, thanks to crisp images and a fuss-free app that’s fast to open, focus and shoot.Samsung has taken the Galaxy S6, an already excellent phone, and fixed just about everything wrong with it. UPDATE .. dated 28-7-2016 , if you buy this phone get a cover and a screen protector , I accidentally dropped the phone from a 2 meter escalator facing the screen head on the phone survived the fall with a single shatter on the screen , still working but the shatter is visible from an angle, I purchased a screen seal so the shatter won't spread all over , I did a search on replacing the screen , no one is willing to replace the screen due to some type of a glue on the system Board, I have to wait until a phone technicians know to prefect a replacement screen on the s7 and 7edge. I would not take the star due to my fault . Be careful not to drop the phone on a hard surface , prone to shatter if not protected !! Like any other smart phones . I did get the cracked Glass on the front replaced with no hassle . The waiting was about 3 hours at the Samsung center in bejing , it can out like new , no cracks that bothered me for a while , I had to pay for the service of replacement on the front Glass, now learned , I did get a screen protector and a solid cover . If you buy a glass shatter phone it is a must to buy the cover and glass shield.. love the phone as far as proformance and speed ..Here we go apple .. watch out ..
I love
Very good
I have been with me for about a week, so far the phone is working perfect. The product is the same the one I ordered.Looks like the battery is not as good as I thought, however, I'm playing with any different features the phone has in order to check that everything is OK, so maybe that's the reason why the battery doesn't keep so long.Great price also.
Excelant
I like itFast phone
Quick! Excellent product
Just nice phone that feels like solid piece of glossy something with somoething like spring that vibrates and shakes inside.
Solid phone. I would not hesitate to buy an international model a second time.
Really good phone! Just as I wanted
World's BEST smart phone!
Good!~~
Great phone!! Came with all the accesories, new in box and definitely unlocked! Dont go elsewere buy this one
The language on the phone was in Chinese, had to go online to find out how to change to English. Beside that the phone is great.
Excellent phone delivered on time . Good packing. The phone specs as detailed.
Looks like I'm the first review for the USA unlocked model. I'll just note that yes there is a Samsung pay icon (not available on the international version), and yes there is a warranty on the USA model (not available on the international version).I will also note that I use At&t as the carrier and Go phone as the plan - 4g LTE is lit up and working just fine. This model should work on all major carrier's (even quite a few of the minor names as well).This phone feels pro. The camera quality is the best I have ever seen and it was the main reason for buying this phone. In 5 years I don't want to look back and think that I should have spent the extra money for quality pictures of my kids. The s7 has me covered there. Android phones are also getting out of control big these days - the 5.1 screen on the s7 was another reason I selected this phone. If I wanted big I would buy a DSLR camera...I paired this phone with a OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Frustration Free Packaging - BLACK
Very good product. No problems at all.
I love my new phone it looks amazing and the features are assume
Perfect but may overheat
Great phone. Own both the edge and s7 and would recommend the regular s7 over the edge because of the annoying inputs you get just by holding the phone due to the screen wrapping on the edges. Yet to get a case for the edge since I prefer no case but will have to try one as I heard it helps fix the accidental touches greatly. The s7 feels great and boasts impressive hardware and a 1440p screen. The battery is also decent at 3000 mah. Definitely one of the best smart phones on the market and easily outshines the iPhone
Good phone, best all around phone!
This is a pretty good phone that I got for mobile development for work.5/5. It didn't explode on me :)
good
Haven't had a chance to use it in a different country yet but so far it works a lot faster than my S3. The button on the bottom is a bit harder to press than my S3 but all else is good. Will try to update when I move back to Australia to use it. The charger that came with it is not the Australian one but that is fine.
Excellent
The phone is what it is - better reviews are available elsewhere. This review is for the seller. I bought it from Popular Electronics Inc. They are from Hong Kong. I am in the US. I was worried about getting a fake phone. I got the phone quickly. Its an original. Very satisfied.
What can I say I love my phone. You can get all the info on youtube. One thing I will tell you that you can use it anywhere on the planet except couple frequency bands in China. I've used it in Europe to Japan and even in Dubai and Iraq. Good luck if you get this phone.
Very fast, lots of functions, and I just love dual SIM cards! I carried a DTAC SIM card from Thailand with me and it's working nicely along with AT&T (US) SIM card. My only complaint about this phone is a quite short battery life, but with that it's still a very good phone worthy of the investment.
Husband really likes his new Galaxy S7 SM-G930UZKAXAA. No problems with using on T-mobile service. Great price on Thanksgiving.
The EXACT phone I needed! Extremely good!
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 for about 8 days. The packaging was good, but not the type where you need help or tools to open it. I found the instructions skimpy but easy to follow and get started. The recharger cord end, that attaches to the phone is a little stiff and so I'm careful when connecting it to the phone.I'm still learning how the phone works but I've found it fairly easy to use. I like to use an item for a month before 'reviewing' it but I made an exception. From what I've seen and been able to do so far with this phone leads me to say I'd buy it again.
Working great with T-mobile. Even though is shows no bars for phone reception on the display, I still get great reception at my home in Minnesota USA with the International Version G930F
Nice phone, but if you're going to use it in the US, you may want to buy a US version from a carrier. From what I can find out from trying to get WIFI Calling working all day, it and Samsung pay is not available on the international phone version.
This phone is a monster, it meets every specification indicated. Beats my Nokia Lumia in miles unthinkable. I recommend this phone to anyone who desires to experience a phone, tablet, laptop and camera all in one.
Perfect delivery timing since I was about to travel outside the country and had No issues to get a line since the phone was unlocked.Phone has all the features to be a great working/business tool, fast and easy and also great for entertainment: awesome camera, great sound for music. I LOVE IT and so did my brother, so I had to leave it for him as a present jajaja
Yes
Great
All good
I ordered the Galaxy S7 international addition. It works flawlessly here in the States and I've had no issues adjusting to its new features. Everything came as expected with the phone.
Simply great
New and excellent! Just what I want!
Love it
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Excellent conditions working perfectly with no problems upon installing the new SIM.No technical problems thus far and looking amazing
Really great product. The camera quality is awesome. Works in Brazil. Really beautiful.
I love my S-7! I went from a Galaxy S-3 to the S-7 and it was quite the leap. I have had the phone for about 3 months now and just dropped it so beware! It was less than a foot off the ground when it fell and it trashed the screen. Now I have to figure out how to get it fixed. However the phone was delivered promptly. I have not had any problems with the phone besides the cracked screen which was my error and not the sellers.
Excellent product!!! I had S4 and now s7, very satisfied again!
Better than, what I thought
Great!
Seal was broken on the box but phone seemed untouched. Came with a European charger and a converter but I bought a US charger because the converter was bulky. Other than that love this phone. Thought it was plain white but it is Pearl and therefore very iridescent.
I got my Galaxy S6 the last year. After getting this one, I notice that the battery life improves HUGELY. Also the camera is a lot better, even if the Galaxy S6 is the best, the S7 worth the change.
Good price
Awesome phone, very fast and reliable.
Good phone. Had what I requested. Came promptly. No complaints.
Ordered from seller Wireless Circle - received on time. What a fantastic phone! The camera itself leaves my Galaxy S5 (and any model iPhone) in the dust. I will leave the details to other reviewers, but just a couple of comments on the Dual-SIM version which I bought:(a) It doesn't say you have to, but I powered off the phone before putting SIMs in. Why take a chance?(b) Both SIM's sit in the same tray, and you have to be careful that SIM 2 is still seated all the way as you push the tray back in. Any resistance, STOP, and check that everything is seated. By the way, an important note: You may NOT have a second SIM and a microSD card in the phone at the same time - they use the same slot! I don't care about this (yet), as 32GB should be enough memory, but this gave me pause.(c) You can select the default SIM to use separately for each important function: outbound Voice and Text, and data. This is a nice feature, but it's still possible to override these selections when making an outbound call, so you can get mixed up. There is also an on/off function for each SIM which prevents this, as a safety in preventing very high roaming charges!If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't get the silver color. Although it still looks classy, it also looks like a run-of-the-mill iPhone 6 haha. I liked the electric blue color on my S5 better (not available on the S7, as far as I know) - just had more of a wow factor.
Exelente
Lovely phone. Great battery life, improved fingerprint sensor and fantastic camera. The battery easily lasts all day with normal usage.
What a nice and elegant phone!! At first, I had difficulty choosing between this model and the Edge one. Finally, I choose versatility and a practical phone. Edge is fashion, but in the daily use, I felt it was going to be bigger and uncomfortable to hold/carry.This phone is very fast, just what I wanted. 4G in Argentina is fast, so I can netsurf at high speed. I'm very happy with this purchase! Great Samsung product!
love this new phone!
My experience in the purchase of this product is very excellent
Great product. Everything as expected
The box was opened, but the phone was in perfect conditions, is dual sim, I wasn't expecting that, so is a plus.The phone is really fast and easy to setup and use, better than older Galaxies, the camera is incredible good, 1 of the best cameras in any phone nowadays.
Love it!
it's good
'Twas a very good phone. I bought as a gift for my Girlfriend.
I'm very happy with this unlocked Galaxy S7. I like the size, excellent camera, good battery life. Would not go for the Edge model -- too large and expensive. Came with a UK type plug for the charger, but also an adapter for US outlets. Better if it were European/US, but it's unlocked and great for travelers who carry a SIM for the countries they visit/live in.
very good
Works great with no noticeable imperfections.Thanks!
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4 plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize it making it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
best phone out there
Best phone that I ever owned. The Asian version 930F while a little more expensive gives you the option of using duel sim cards, which means you can have two phone numbers if you choose to do so at extra cost, of course. The international variant also has been shown to be a little bit faster than the north american version. You can check out the you tube videos online relating to the speed test. On the other features you can easily discern the specs provided by the seller.
Like this cell very much!! Love its customization features!
This is a review for SM-G930UZKAXAA. The ONLY non-carrier based, Samsung U.S. warranted, factory unlocked phone. Too bad Amazon lumps all the 'unlocked' S7 reviews together. This was very confusing as I gradually figured out that numerous overseas and carrier based versions of the S7 exist. I won't waste time reviewing the phone itself other than the primary differences that this version has.1) - It is has both CDMA and GSM receivers optimized for the bands and channels used by U.S. carriers. In the U.S., Sprint, Verizon and U.S. Cellular use CDMA. AT&T and T-mobile use GSM. I.E. - it is theoretically compatible with any U.S. carrier allowing you to take your phone to any U.S. carrier including the pay as you go services such as Cricket, Boost, Virgin, etc. Set up flawlessly on my Cricket account.2) It does not come pre-loaded with carrier bloatware. Although Samsung does load some of its own that can't be removed. The most irritating being Samsung pay which occasionally generates popups reminding you its available.3) It is warranted by SAMSUNG with full U.S. warranty. No battery issues on the S7, but nice to know it's warranted if something similar to the Note 7 debacle happens.4) Updates are pushed out directly from Samsung. Presumably at a quicker pace than from many experience from carrier versions. I have received one update so far in 60 days.
Good
This phone is excellent. I like it. It works in Ukraine very good.
Great dual sim phone. Fast shipping.
Works quite well. Never slow nor stuck. Only problem is that back of the phone and right side of metal frame become hot sometimes and I haven't find a way to allevatev the heating
Excellent. Highly recomendable
Excellent!!!! It works perfectly
I got the UK version of the Galaxy S7 (the only differences with the US version are the processor Exynos 8890 and the charger). The box had been opened and the phone had some traces of fingertips. However, it doesn't look like the phone has ever been used. It still had the protective plastic layers and all the contents in the box were wraped and sealed. The charger is from the UK but a UK-US adapter was included in the box. So far the phone works great and it's beautiful. Compared to what I'd have spent on this phone if I'd bought it from a US carrier I have saved around 100 $. The only thing I didn't like is that the seal was broken. I would like to know why. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.PS: Note that Samsung Pay won't work with the international version. Not sure if it will in the future when the feature is released in the UK.
Working perfectly so far. Did not have a USB/wall adapter compatible for the USA. Another converter was included, I'm assuming it was so I could plug the USB/wall adapter into it, BUT the USB/wall adapter doesn't fit into the plug converter. Still love the phone though!
Just got it a short time ago but love it! The duel sim feature allows me to carry 1 phone for work and personal use. Normal great Samsung quality from what I can tell.
I receive this phone two weeks ago. my first Android phone ever! I've played Android with my friends phone and hated it. but this has changed since I started using this phone. it's fast, thin, beautiful and waterproof.Camera: the camera is good but not Superior to my Lumia 1520. I have not witness any Lag so far. the focusing on Camera is really good I have to say it's actually better than my DSLR. which is kinda sad. and the Quality of photos are coming out perfect especially on PRO Mode which you're able to adjust the ISO, Focus, Tint etc...Screen: far better than my LUmia 1520 I think. the AMOLED Screen is amazing plus on top of that 2k Quality. I love it!I recommend this phone especially if you never own any Galaxy before.
The GS7 is an awesome device. However, if you're getting the international G930F, know that Samsung pay won't work and Android Pay will be limited. In addition, if you're expecting faster updates from Samsung, just know they have the G930F extremely fragmented by country and specific firmware to each country... so not all will receive updates as fast as you might expect for a "carrier free" device. That said, the Exynos processor on the G930F is superior to the Snapdragon processor in the US variant, as is the battery life.
Great phone, battery lasts a lot (which is a real plus in my on call nights at the hospital), really reliable, im missing some things from my blackberry z10 but very minor like the integrated hub, the camera is very vivid, the screen size is perfect for reading books or articles.About the seller, excellent customer support, very straightforward dealing with issues and a great deal of patience. My sincere congratulations.
I love this phone, great battery life and FAST. Works great on AT&T
(I did purchase this phone from this page and decided to do a quick review of it)This phone was everything I could have asked for. I always had this predisposition that the Samsung phones were made with lower quality materials, but I was dead wrong. This phone is Beautiful! The materials they put into it are top notch and in my personal opinion this device looks and feels much better than the iPhones!When I first got I was worried because I was switching from Apple to Android, which can be a pretty daunting change. BUT the transition did not seem to take long at all. I got into the phone pretty quickly and was doing my normal daily tasks in no time.It is sad that I had to give up FaceTime but I feel like it was worth it and my friends quickly adapted and started calling me on Skype or Oovoo instead.Unlike the name says, this phone did actually come with some type of warranty I believe. On the box there was a "24 month warranty" sticker,.. So I am assuming that means I have a warranty!I also was curious to see which phone is faster (the iPhone 6s Plus vs the Samsung Galaxy S7) so I ran a few easy tests. In getting into apps, the Samsung got in just a hair faster. In loading webpages, the Samsung again beat the iPhone just by a hair.The camera on the Samsung is by far the superior camera when there is ample amount of lighting but in low light, I would give it to the iPhone. The front-facing camera, works the same way. In low light the iPhone wins, but with enough light, the Samsung does better.There are many really cool customization options on the Android software that you would have to jailbreak your iPhone to do, and with the type of person I am I feel like the Android software works better for me. On the other hand, Android may be more confusing to use. Things are not always quite right there where you want them to be and you have have to search for them. BUT Android helps you out with this with search bars when they are convenient.Overall this device is everything I could have asked for. I really enjoy it and I hope I can continue enjoying it for as long as possibly
Everything in this phone from the processor, software, camera is great but the outside is very fragile and slippery. Today this phone fell out of my pocket during gym and the side bezel got chipped everywhere. I recommend buying case as soon as you buy this phone and be careful of clumsimess
really very nice this phone battery 🔋 backup Awesome
Good solid phone
No problems with this phone. Lost a phone so went to my carrier and they gave us a free sim to install. Voila!!! all set.
Its been only 4 days using it. So far so good.
Excellent phone, no issues and very easy transfer from the previous phone (S4).
Perfect! It worked as I expected. Great photos, excellent performance. very nice. It works in Argentina
I will be starting off with good points of the phone,-3000 mAh battery: This is great due to most phones nowadays not having such large batteries, this makes the phone last very long throughout the day even through some pretty heavy use. And with the addition of quick charging, makes it lightning fast to charge and get moving.-IP68: This means the phone is dust and water resistant, so if the phone drops in water, there are no worries and it should work perfect after (has always for me)-SD card slot: Bringing this back was a great idea, now you can extend the space by adding a mini-SD card again.-12 MP f/1.7 back camera: This is honestly the best camera I've used on a smartphone in a while, as well as having a great auto-focus feature makes it even betterOnto the downsides,-Bloatware: Comes with a lot of bloatware apps that come preinstalled, pretty annoying but not too big of a problem-Removal of IR Blaster: Not many people did use this, but it was a very nice feature to use for TV's and what not.-Glass back and front, with metal rounded sides: This makes the phone extremely slippery and can be dropped very easily (Best to get a case or skin to make it less slippery)Overall, it is a great phone with great specs. Fast in everything I've done from gaming to watching videos to recording. Have had no issues so far with it. Amazing phone, Samsung.
So far so good! We bought the phone for use in Mexico. It works!! Easy to change out our old micro chip for the new nano chip this phone uses. Easy step by step information transfer. We bought additional storage just in case.
Excellent phone and Excellent service from the seller.
Nothing more to add. This is the best phone you can get at the moment.
Espectacular
This is an amazing phone. I've been using it for a week now, and it's a MAJOR improvement over the S4 I used to have. The international version worked perfectly in Argentina (where I use it) only by cutting the previous simcard to the appropriate size.
Excellent phone in all respects that matter:- Speedy camera with unrivaled quality- Software works excellently well - fast, smooth, lag free, intuitive interface- Phone is light beautiful and very easy to hold and very pocket-able- Screen is excellent indoors and in the brightest sunlight- Battery life is great and phone charges very quicklyCons:- Glass back makes it more prone to cosmetic damage if dropped
Work fantastic !
I am a Samsung fanboy. I wanted a phone that did it all....style, performance, great esthetics and Samsung always delivers.
everything was ok
Excellent phone, completely tackles everything I throw at it. Phone calls are great and clear, texting is sharp and crisp, the camera is amazing!Pros:Phone Call QualityEase of UsePerformanceCamera QualityWaterproofCons:Slippery in the handNon-removable battery
Slick phone, sits properly in the pocket. Working perfectly well in Israel, including software updates when available.Battery lasts for around 2 days during normal operation.Arrived properly in the official package. The only downside is that the charger came with a US plug despite the order of "EU/LATAM" model.
I purchase this phone from the merchant Mobiles International LLC and was shipped by amazon, the phone was unlock brand new and came in a seal box. I live in Trinidad and it was fully unlock.
Excellent
Works as it should. No problems of any kind, not with delivery and not with the product itself. It's the international version as advertised, I'm using it with latinamerica celphone companies and works just fine.
Glass breaks EXTREMELY EASILY... otherwise excellent phone.
Was delivered way ahead of time estimated and everything is intact. Thank you
Its great, and works perfectly in Argentina
It's a great Smartphone. Really fast with a beautiful display and great camera. I definitely recommend it! #GalaxyS7
It is the best phone you can buy hands down
Excellent product. Light, good size, very good camera, applications, memory.
Really good, i like!
ok.
Very happy with the upgrade from the S4...Everything came in sealed new box as advertised....Amazing phone recommend
Love it, Its smaller than the earlier models, but love it,
Great
Love this phone. No complaints.
Because is very good phone
Alright, I got my s7 around late march, (yes, just in time to miss every special offer with the gear vr) and I have to say, I absolutely love this phone. It is, as expected, the FASTEST phone I have ever had, considering it has better processing speeds than normal computers did a few years ago, and it looks GREAT. Yes, they did come with android upgrades in general, but Samsung has made MASSIVE improvements to their UI, ease of access connection speeds, and an amazing screen just overall. However, there are some issues that I have with it, things I wish were included, and just overall some comments about the phone and features1) BATTERY LIFE. Now, I understand that people have been commending it for its battery life, but I personally find it running out all too often. It seems that every flagship phone of this generation has been jumping on the Quad-HD bandwagon, and the s7 is no different. Yes, it looks slightly better, but, according to logic and IN MY EXPERIENCE, it drains battery life WAY faster than the max 1080p screen of old. One of the main differences between this device, and the LG G3 ,the flagship that basically pioneered the Quad-HD phone space, is that the s7 does not have a removable battery. On top of that, there is the adaptive display, which unlike 2k, (Quad-HD) makes a huge difference, making the screen extremely vibrant and attractive. HOWEVER, this drains a ton of battery too in my experience; thankfully you can turn it off. Also, is it just me, or does the battery DRAIN faster when charged with fast charge, too.2) PHYSICAL GLASS. Alright, I'm going to be perfectly honest, most of this is more of a pro than a con, but I would just like to comment on the corning gorilla glass 4 that this phone has both on front and back. The glass on the front I'd say is pretty great. I have for some reason treated this phone worse than I have with any other, but it's held up amazingly. There are minimal scratches and even after a freak Pokemon Go accident that would've completely shattered the screen of any phone I've ever had, it was left with a small CHIP in the right-hand corner. Yes, a CHIP. Now, I know by the way I said it, it sounds like a bad thing, but I thought it was amazing. I mean, I threw that thing HARD, and I think, the fact that it chipped rather than shatter into a million pieces was a REALLY good thing(picture of crack attached[if you can even see it]). Now for the back. I hate that it has a glass back. Yes, it looks nice, and yes, I always have a case protecting it anyway, but for those who don't believe in cases, and like many users, hate the active series, I don't care what kind of glass you put on the back, it will not be as durable as a GOOD metal back.3) Lack Of An IR Blaster. Now I know this was an unusual feature to be integrated into a smartphone in the first place, but I really do miss the IR blaster. It was so very convenient to be able to replace every remote in your house without separate, $100-300 hardware. Yes, it was a little finicky, but I think that calls for improvement, not SCRAPPING IT ENTIRELY. I get it though, it was a thing that no average user really used, or even KNEW about, and that made it not worth even including because it raised the production value, but I LIKED IT. It was VERY NICE.4) WATERPROOFING. This one is most definitely a pro. I quite like the waterproofing of the s7. As I said, I have treated this phone worse than any I have ever had, and that includes taking it places where I thought it might get really wet, like I mean soaking. Well, it has held up amazingly so far, accidental drops in sinks and similar things proved to be absolutely nothing to this phone, and I have tested it in the very hot shower with great results.5) SAMSUNG PAY. Alright, I'll say it, I love Samsung Pay. It is so convenient, and hilarious blowing cashiers' minds wherever you go. Although, there are some issues with this too, however pretty minor and some easily fixable. The few issues that I have with samsung pay are:A) the lack of support for banks and credit cards that are not partnered with Samsung. I understand that this could be for a few reasons, either some banks are too small, neither are nor wish to be associated with Samsung, and for security reasons, but that doesn't change that you just can't use some cards on samsung play that you would very much like to use, and that I believe that Samsung could fix this by pushing harder to partner with every bank they can, even if it means setting up the systems for them.B) The difficulty involved with the use of Samsung Pay. This includes the fact that getting the card to read is pretty difficult, and even if you know how to do it perfectly, sometimes it takes a couple tries, and the ignorance of just about every snarky cashier on Earth, not letting you even attempt to pay with Samsung Pay, because "they don't have the system set up."Overall, as I said, this is an amazing phone, great choice for a flagship, but there are some issues, missed opportunities, and good things that stood out about the galaxy s7 that I thought were worth mentioning in this review. And I realize this was probably a very negative sounding review in contrast to my ratings, but I really do love this phone, I just think the good things don't really need explainingNOTE: This is my own written review, HOWEVER, I previously posted it on the Samsung website as an entry to a sweepstakes. Also, I did not purchase the phone from amazon, nor did I purchase mine unlocked, so I cannot speak to the compatibility of this unlocked item with different sim cards, but I felt the need to post it here, as it is the exact same product, and this is the listing directly from Samsung.PICTURE: The chip on my screen mentioned above
Like product
As spected, perfect product
the greatest phone ever
Yes ...
This phone is perfect, received quickly.
Fantástico.
Nice phone, some small issues with it, like it won't send my Amazon notifications no matter what settings I change, but they're just little things like that. The waterproof feature is nice, already had my brother spill beer all over it without any issue. Camera is pretty good quality, I'm satisfied with the picture quality. And it's not too big, I switched from the LG G3 which is little bit bigger and I like the size of this better; it fits nicely in my pocket, even with a case. Overall, very satisfied with the purchase.
This phone is great. We live in a new house where cell reception is not so great but my husband gets fantastic reception on his phone. Hes been running around owning pokemon like crazy, even when I'm trying to rush home in a speeding car to eliminate the "slow down I see another one" he still gets them. The speed on this phone is quick to respond and apps are more accurate such as maps. My current phone is only 2 years old, the technology has improved so much in the last few years that Im thinking its time for myself to get an upgrade.Did I mention my husband is a jet mechanic? His phone takes a beating, and thing thing keeps on ticking. It has already taken a trip into the hot tub, has withstood a few drops in the hanger, and still no issues with this baby. Bastex also makes some pretty amazing accessories for the S7. Be sure to only purchase S7 regular accessories and not for the S7 Edge or S7 Active because the phones are different sizes.
Excelente
This being my upgrade from a Sony Xperia Advance (a mid-range smartphone from a few years ago, which was also waterproof), it's perhaps not surprising that I am thoroughly impressed by this device. I had looked at the S6 last year, but it wasn't enough to make me want to buy, in particular given the lack of waterproofing, the lack of expandable storage, and the good but not mind-blowing camera. Samsung has made the S7 everything I had been dreaming of but didn't see in the S6, and I just couldn't say no. On paper, the S7 is my perfect phone.And it turns out it's my perfect phone in practice too.The camera, which was the main selling point for me, lives up to the claims. I have been getting great indoor (and outdoor) shots of my 5-year old in action. With my old phone, that was completely impossible since it would take at least 10 seconds to open the camera app and focus. With the S7, I can go from picking up the locked phone to capturing a perfectly focused image in 3 seconds (I caught my son in mid-air as he jumped off a ramp on his scooter). And the colors are almost always very close to what I perceive with my eye, even in some unusual lighting (like midnight in the arctic in spring, or mixed fluorescent light/sunlight in my living room).The screen is gorgeous as everyone knows. Its resolution is riDONKulous.The phone is a good size for me (good balance between being comfortable in the hand, fitting in the pocket, and having a usefully sized screen). I got a slim Spigen Rugged Armor case for it, which makes me feel much more confident in gripping it (in a way, the phone itself is too thin and smooth and glass), and gives the phone a slightly different but still cool look.Of course, it's expensive. But you're really getting a phone, a palm-top computer (which is as fast as any smartphone out there and therefore fast enough to make any Android 3D game or other app run smoothly), an e-reader, and a better-than-point-and-shoot camera all in one.I definitely recommend this device.
Everything is as expected with this phone. Didn't work with T-Mobile volte or WiFi calls, but since T-Mobile is disrespecting their grandfathered customers, I switched to the $65 cricket plan and could not be happier! I use anywhere from 40-80 GB of data each month and this phone works great with pretty much any carrier of you don't need volte or WiFi calling. Good build quality and great octa processor. I ordered the G930F but I got the G930FD instead, not that I'm complaining since I like that extra option. Put the incipo dual pro case on this phone for great protection. Love it! By the way, this is the only model that you can root and ROM so have fun!
suepr good
Great device, really solid construction, perfect performing even with touchwiz. The redudant apps are annoying, why would you ever need two music players, two mail ecosystem, two foto galleries, Samsung should learn from other manufacturers about that, let the user decide...Lack of removable battery is an issue, I'll like to see if I ever need to change my battery how difficult is it with the IP protection,so sealed package must be difficult to open...The return of the micro sd slot is a great goal and the camera is exclent and really quick,I mean REALLY.
Great product
I love it!
Like it a lot. Item arrived in a timely manner.
Great Spec, Great Color, Great Samsung
I received my S7 today to replace my trusty S3 and I must say that I am very impressed. The feel and look of this phone are great. The display is vibrant which is most important with the high quality of the pictures which this phone is capable of. I took a test shot to get a feel for picture quality and the phone display. Impressive.Transferring data from the S3 to S7 was made easy by Samsung smart switch. Still setting up the S7 so sure it has more surprises for me. Actually writing this with my old faithful S3 which has served me well for the last 4 years. The S7 is the first phobe I've seen that would make me feel inclined to change
I love the display of this phone, it runs everything smooth nothing to complainIt works fine in Argentina
It really works!!!
Just what i wanted
Very fast delivery.I bought the LATAM version and it works just fine in Brazil (with TIM carrier, don't know about other carriers but i figure there will be no problem at all).Very easy set up!So far so good!
Excellent in all sense. I live overseas and works perfectly.
Reasonable price and fast delivery!
The packaging was great, brand new phone. The phone works great! Definitely an upgrade from the HTC One M9 that I had. The camera takes super great pictures and the display on the phone is A+. I could not recommend this phone more! It does require a sim card, so if you have AT&T it'll work just fine. The battery is also an upgrade from my HTC! My HTC would take long to charge and died quickly. This Galaxy S7 lasts me the whole day and charges very fast. Overall a great phone, definitely should by!
looks great for the short time i use it, arrived on time. hopefully will be working for long time with no problems.
PERFECT the best
Much quicker than the S7 edge i had bought for at&t.
This is hands down the best mobile I have ever had to date. As a flagship device I am not sure there is anything I would rather have. The camera has to be the best upgraded feature as it's stunning how it blows away my previous iPhone shots. The waterproof shell is outstanding and I couldn't ask for a better device.
Love it
This phone was as described. It has all the great features you expect from a Galaxy phone plus some. The camera quality is great and when adding an online storage option you never have to worry about space. I bought this phone because they put the SD card slot back which allowed me to put a 128GB card in to give more space. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who is currently looking to upgrade.
Very Impressed by the phone. The price was cheaper on Amazon than in store. Havent had no issues with it since I bought it a few months ago. Camera is outstanding
Excellent phone
Above and beyond expectations. I came from the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact, which I loved until their version of Android took a Marshmallow-sized dump and massively glitched out, becoming unusable. Sony's "XPERIA™ Support" was of absolutely no help in this matter. Before Xperia, I owned the Sony Z3 Compact and the Samsung Galaxy S2. Definitely glad I switched back to Samsung! The grass is NOT greener on the other side, believe me!I'll take Samsung's 12MP over Sony's 23MP any day. Far superior in the areas of auto-focus, low-light, and manual parameters. The Sony Z5 Compact can record 4K video as well, but not without tons of initial lag and post lag (storage, encapsulation). The Samsung S7 is relatively quick with 4K on the initial and reasonable with the post (when you finish recording).And the phone volume is LOUD. Usable, in fact. Sony's Z5 Compact was disappointingly quiet.Great phone.
It's very functional
Great
Excellent phone, much needed upgrade from S3. No problems at all registering with AT&T and their nano SIM works without problems. Highly recommended rather than buying fixed-carrier version.Slight issue with power button, seems to sit at a downward angle but can push to rotate it back to straight up-and-down - not sure if that's the design or a wobbly connection on my phone. Bought a case at the same time which covers the button anyway, so doesn't actually matter in practice.
Best phone I've ever had. I am not brave enough to test if it is waterproof.
I am coming here from a Sony Compact Z5 and I gotta tell you , this phone is a power house , just think about this 4 gigs of ram . you will never get stuck running apps on this phone . I am very happy with it and if anyone has a any questions ,feel free to ask .
Fantastic Phone. No problem getting activated at AT&T. Battery life is better than American version, and has been updated on schedule. Love It
Outstanding phone, best camera you can get in a phone
Great value.
Fantastic phone!!
Awesome phone and using straight talk couldn't be happier
Perfect! I'm just waiting for my invoice due to international guarantee.
Really Good
Great phone altogether
I love this phone. The seller was very attentive and my galaxy came totally new and sealed from Vietnam.
Yes
Everything was as described.
Great smartphone
Phone arrived quickly and has met all of my expectations. Came in great condition and was able to setup hassle free and easily. Very satisfied.
I bought this for my grandson he loves it thanks
Great UNLOCKED phone with no carrier bloatware. It hits all the necessary GSM bands in the US, Canada and Europe. Wish I could delete some of the unnecessary Samsung bloatware.
Perfect, changes fast in one hour to near 100% from near discharge. Battery usage when idle is really low so if you don't use it often it will last more than one day without recharging. Screen, construction and speed are perfect. Worked out of the box with US and Colombia carriers. Wifi and 4G speeds are awesome, GPS is perfect, waterproof, run games perfect what more can I say? Best smartphone I've ever had.
Everything was great 5 stats
excelente
Great performance offered by Samsung's Exynos octa core chip. Top of the line specifications in international version. Not localized but for global market. You will not get volte nor video chat which are features offered by carriers. Warranty not included for international version if you live in country other than the phones country. Otherwise this unlocked model is great for traveling and used for playing purposes...
This is a perfect phone apart from two things the fact the battery is 3000Mah does not at all change the fact the battery life for real users is still not that great! Secondly, the front camera is so wack if you are an iphone user and you like pictures do not change
Came new with everything included, works like I expected with my carrier's bands, no fuss. Great phone all around, will update review if needed.
works great.
The product is Great, I won't give 5 stars because I ordered S7 black and I received S7 Edge Gold... Anyway so far no problem occured...
Good item and best seller thanks.
The hardware of this phone is reaaaaaaally decent but the software is not, I really dislike the bloatware Samsung put into the phone. My previous phone is Nexus 5, I pretty like the Google apps. There is something called Package disabler on Google Play store, non-free but only $0.99. I spent an afternoon disable the pre-installed applications and installed Google apps. It turns out very good.I don't like the screen color BTW, seems too saturated to me.I ordered a black color, but it came with Champagne color, seems good to me, and I'll keep it.
Love the phone
Perferct
im in loveeee
Phone had some weird Arabic calender installed on it... is it really new?
exelente producto
Goog
Excellent phone. No complaints.
It's excellent
:)
love love my new phone! It arrived on time... unlocked and ready to use! I have been using this phone for a couple months now and have not had any problems so far! All my software updates are on time and I enjoy the talk time I get with the battery life! I use my phone all day for work and it workseems perfectly!
Great!!!
I had to buy a good replacement for my HTC one m8, I wanted a water resistant phone with a good camera and display, bought this phone, can't get better than this!
Okey. Good product
Everything as expected. The phone works at Europe. The adapter doesn't feet, but it is small one,
incredible phone!
My cellphone is awesome...but I dont have the adapter for charging the cellphone is not included the right one I mean...the AC adapter
Works perfect and works on AT&T no problem
Same my old Galaxy S5 but faster ;)
Very good cel
I ordered the S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Factory Unlocked Phone 32 GB - International Version G930F - Black Oynx. After contacting the seller to make sure it was a authentic international they assured me it was. When I first received it I looked for the original box and it was. I took the phone out and turned it on to make sure it was real and not a fake. It was just like he said it was a authentic international S7.I have had the phone just over 2 weeks now and love it. It takes awesome pictures even in low light. I really like the video quality. You can even do slo motion or hyper speed. I am still learning all this phone can do. I would suggest getting a 128 gig or bigger sd card and a cover because it does show fingerprints and is a bit slippery. I am very happy with the phone and the seller!
Awesome thanks I like it..
Worked perfectly out of the box, although I had the Micro SIM from my S5 Active trimmed down to a Nano, but the AT&T store did it for free. Made a phone call immediately, and transferred everything via the Micro USB adapter and Samsung Smart Switch app.
Phone is beautiful and fast. Such an improvement over the previous cheap looking models with removable back cover and plastic vody - this Samsung finally looks premium! A solid 5 stars. Price is great as well!! - no stup#d New York bs tax that would make the phone cost 800$
So far so good! Fast, beautiful screen. Haven't tested the camera yet however the low light detection is phenomenal
Comes with an International charger and American adapter. I would not trust adapters with such expensive electronics. Otherwise no complaints.
As promised. Thanks
It is G930F even though it says america sim only, since it is G930F, should work with other sim, no cushion in package, looked for scratches, found a grain like bump on the aluminum side, can live with that, nice phone.
Excellent
Its a good product this smartphone
Delivered before as expected, phone works great
Great device !
I was very nervous about purchasing this phone online. Anyway, I purchase the phone and it works great! Everything meets the standard requirement and I am very happy with my purchase.
Best phone everWorked with my carrier straight out the boxCame sealedReally love it
got it on time.item is as described.
Excellent phone, completely tackles everything I throw at it. Phone calls are great and clear, texting is sharp and crisp, the camera is amazing!Pros:Phone Call QualityEase of UsePerformanceCamera QualityWaterproofCons:Slippery in the handNon-removable battery
I purchase this phone from the merchant Mobiles International LLC and was shipped by amazon, the phone was unlock brand new and came in a seal box. I live in Trinidad and it was fully unlock.
Very fast, lots of functions, and I just love dual SIM cards! I carried a DTAC SIM card from Thailand with me and it's working nicely along with AT&T (US) SIM card. My only complaint about this phone is a quite short battery life, but with that it's still a very good phone worthy of the investment.
Husband really likes his new Galaxy S7 SM-G930UZKAXAA. No problems with using on T-mobile service. Great price on Thanksgiving.
The EXACT phone I needed! Extremely good!
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 for about 8 days. The packaging was good, but not the type where you need help or tools to open it. I found the instructions skimpy but easy to follow and get started. The recharger cord end, that attaches to the phone is a little stiff and so I'm careful when connecting it to the phone.I'm still learning how the phone works but I've found it fairly easy to use. I like to use an item for a month before 'reviewing' it but I made an exception. From what I've seen and been able to do so far with this phone leads me to say I'd buy it again.
Working great with T-mobile. Even though is shows no bars for phone reception on the display, I still get great reception at my home in Minnesota USA with the International Version G930F
best phone out there
Best phone that I ever owned. The Asian version 930F while a little more expensive gives you the option of using duel sim cards, which means you can have two phone numbers if you choose to do so at extra cost, of course. The international variant also has been shown to be a little bit faster than the north american version. You can check out the you tube videos online relating to the speed test. On the other features you can easily discern the specs provided by the seller.
Like this cell very much!! Love its customization features!
This is a review for SM-G930UZKAXAA. The ONLY non-carrier based, Samsung U.S. warranted, factory unlocked phone. Too bad Amazon lumps all the 'unlocked' S7 reviews together. This was very confusing as I gradually figured out that numerous overseas and carrier based versions of the S7 exist. I won't waste time reviewing the phone itself other than the primary differences that this version has.1) - It is has both CDMA and GSM receivers optimized for the bands and channels used by U.S. carriers. In the U.S., Sprint, Verizon and U.S. Cellular use CDMA. AT&T and T-mobile use GSM. I.E. - it is theoretically compatible with any U.S. carrier allowing you to take your phone to any U.S. carrier including the pay as you go services such as Cricket, Boost, Virgin, etc. Set up flawlessly on my Cricket account.2) It does not come pre-loaded with carrier bloatware. Although Samsung does load some of its own that can't be removed. The most irritating being Samsung pay which occasionally generates popups reminding you its available.3) It is warranted by SAMSUNG with full U.S. warranty. No battery issues on the S7, but nice to know it's warranted if something similar to the Note 7 debacle happens.4) Updates are pushed out directly from Samsung. Presumably at a quicker pace than from many experience from carrier versions. I have received one update so far in 60 days.
Good
This phone is excellent. I like it. It works in Ukraine very good.
Great dual sim phone. Fast shipping.
it's good
'Twas a very good phone. I bought as a gift for my Girlfriend.
I'm very happy with this unlocked Galaxy S7. I like the size, excellent camera, good battery life. Would not go for the Edge model -- too large and expensive. Came with a UK type plug for the charger, but also an adapter for US outlets. Better if it were European/US, but it's unlocked and great for travelers who carry a SIM for the countries they visit/live in.
very good
Works great with no noticeable imperfections.Thanks!
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4 plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize it making it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
Better than, what I thought
Great!
Seal was broken on the box but phone seemed untouched. Came with a European charger and a converter but I bought a US charger because the converter was bulky. Other than that love this phone. Thought it was plain white but it is Pearl and therefore very iridescent.
I got my Galaxy S6 the last year. After getting this one, I notice that the battery life improves HUGELY. Also the camera is a lot better, even if the Galaxy S6 is the best, the S7 worth the change.
Good price
Awesome phone, very fast and reliable.
Good phone. Had what I requested. Came promptly. No complaints.
Ordered from seller Wireless Circle - received on time. What a fantastic phone! The camera itself leaves my Galaxy S5 (and any model iPhone) in the dust. I will leave the details to other reviewers, but just a couple of comments on the Dual-SIM version which I bought:(a) It doesn't say you have to, but I powered off the phone before putting SIMs in. Why take a chance?(b) Both SIM's sit in the same tray, and you have to be careful that SIM 2 is still seated all the way as you push the tray back in. Any resistance, STOP, and check that everything is seated. By the way, an important note: You may NOT have a second SIM and a microSD card in the phone at the same time - they use the same slot! I don't care about this (yet), as 32GB should be enough memory, but this gave me pause.(c) You can select the default SIM to use separately for each important function: outbound Voice and Text, and data. This is a nice feature, but it's still possible to override these selections when making an outbound call, so you can get mixed up. There is also an on/off function for each SIM which prevents this, as a safety in preventing very high roaming charges!If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't get the silver color. Although it still looks classy, it also looks like a run-of-the-mill iPhone 6 haha. I liked the electric blue color on my S5 better (not available on the S7, as far as I know) - just had more of a wow factor.
Exelente
Best phone ever. I bought the dual sim one and it works awesome.
This is a pretty good phone that I got for mobile development for work.5/5. It didn't explode on me :)
good
Haven't had a chance to use it in a different country yet but so far it works a lot faster than my S3. The button on the bottom is a bit harder to press than my S3 but all else is good. Will try to update when I move back to Australia to use it. The charger that came with it is not the Australian one but that is fine.
Excellent
The phone is what it is - better reviews are available elsewhere. This review is for the seller. I bought it from Popular Electronics Inc. They are from Hong Kong. I am in the US. I was worried about getting a fake phone. I got the phone quickly. Its an original. Very satisfied.
What can I say I love my phone. You can get all the info on youtube. One thing I will tell you that you can use it anywhere on the planet except couple frequency bands in China. I've used it in Europe to Japan and even in Dubai and Iraq. Good luck if you get this phone.
Lovely phone. Great battery life, improved fingerprint sensor and fantastic camera. The battery easily lasts all day with normal usage.
What a nice and elegant phone!! At first, I had difficulty choosing between this model and the Edge one. Finally, I choose versatility and a practical phone. Edge is fashion, but in the daily use, I felt it was going to be bigger and uncomfortable to hold/carry.This phone is very fast, just what I wanted. 4G in Argentina is fast, so I can netsurf at high speed. I'm very happy with this purchase! Great Samsung product!
love this new phone!
My experience in the purchase of this product is very excellent
Great product. Everything as expected
The box was opened, but the phone was in perfect conditions, is dual sim, I wasn't expecting that, so is a plus.The phone is really fast and easy to setup and use, better than older Galaxies, the camera is incredible good, 1 of the best cameras in any phone nowadays.
Works well
Love it!
Fantastic phone. I have to say that I have never been a Samsung fan, usually I buy Nokia, I tried a Blackberry but now I am addicted to Samsung. Easy to use, even for me - I am no way near being a techno geek. Truly recommend this. I bought the 32GB version as I had tried the Samsung S5 16GB but as I use my phone for everything I soon ran out of memory, even with a memory card. I have had this for 2 weeks and love it! I have been using it every day and it keeps up with me, definitely fast and efficient. I really recommend it.
I like itFast phone
Quick! Excellent product
Just nice phone that feels like solid piece of glossy something with somoething like spring that vibrates and shakes inside.
Solid phone. I would not hesitate to buy an international model a second time.
Really good phone! Just as I wanted
World's BEST smart phone!
Good!~~
Great phone!! Came with all the accesories, new in box and definitely unlocked! Dont go elsewere buy this one
The language on the phone was in Chinese, had to go online to find out how to change to English. Beside that the phone is great.
Excellent phone delivered on time . Good packing. The phone specs as detailed.
Looks like I'm the first review for the USA unlocked model. I'll just note that yes there is a Samsung pay icon (not available on the international version), and yes there is a warranty on the USA model (not available on the international version).I will also note that I use At&t as the carrier and Go phone as the plan - 4g LTE is lit up and working just fine. This model should work on all major carrier's (even quite a few of the minor names as well).This phone feels pro. The camera quality is the best I have ever seen and it was the main reason for buying this phone. In 5 years I don't want to look back and think that I should have spent the extra money for quality pictures of my kids. The s7 has me covered there. Android phones are also getting out of control big these days - the 5.1 screen on the s7 was another reason I selected this phone. If I wanted big I would buy a DSLR camera...I paired this phone with a OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Frustration Free Packaging - BLACK
Very good product. No problems at all.
I love my new phone it looks amazing and the features are assume
Perfect but may overheat
Great phone. Own both the edge and s7 and would recommend the regular s7 over the edge because of the annoying inputs you get just by holding the phone due to the screen wrapping on the edges. Yet to get a case for the edge since I prefer no case but will have to try one as I heard it helps fix the accidental touches greatly. The s7 feels great and boasts impressive hardware and a 1440p screen. The battery is also decent at 3000 mah. Definitely one of the best smart phones on the market and easily outshines the iPhone
Good phone, best all around phone!
Nice phone, but if you're going to use it in the US, you may want to buy a US version from a carrier. From what I can find out from trying to get WIFI Calling working all day, it and Samsung pay is not available on the international phone version.
This phone is a monster, it meets every specification indicated. Beats my Nokia Lumia in miles unthinkable. I recommend this phone to anyone who desires to experience a phone, tablet, laptop and camera all in one.
Perfect delivery timing since I was about to travel outside the country and had No issues to get a line since the phone was unlocked.Phone has all the features to be a great working/business tool, fast and easy and also great for entertainment: awesome camera, great sound for music. I LOVE IT and so did my brother, so I had to leave it for him as a present jajaja
Yes
Great
All good
I ordered the Galaxy S7 international addition. It works flawlessly here in the States and I've had no issues adjusting to its new features. Everything came as expected with the phone.
Simply great
New and excellent! Just what I want!
Love it
Asian Gold version. Works great on the cricket service and the is faster and cheaper than in store
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Excellent conditions working perfectly with no problems upon installing the new SIM.No technical problems thus far and looking amazing
Really great product. The camera quality is awesome. Works in Brazil. Really beautiful.
I love my S-7! I went from a Galaxy S-3 to the S-7 and it was quite the leap. I have had the phone for about 3 months now and just dropped it so beware! It was less than a foot off the ground when it fell and it trashed the screen. Now I have to figure out how to get it fixed. However the phone was delivered promptly. I have not had any problems with the phone besides the cracked screen which was my error and not the sellers.
Excellent product!!! I had S4 and now s7, very satisfied again!
Excellent. Highly recomendable
Excellent!!!! It works perfectly
I got the UK version of the Galaxy S7 (the only differences with the US version are the processor Exynos 8890 and the charger). The box had been opened and the phone had some traces of fingertips. However, it doesn't look like the phone has ever been used. It still had the protective plastic layers and all the contents in the box were wraped and sealed. The charger is from the UK but a UK-US adapter was included in the box. So far the phone works great and it's beautiful. Compared to what I'd have spent on this phone if I'd bought it from a US carrier I have saved around 100 $. The only thing I didn't like is that the seal was broken. I would like to know why. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.PS: Note that Samsung Pay won't work with the international version. Not sure if it will in the future when the feature is released in the UK.
Working perfectly so far. Did not have a USB/wall adapter compatible for the USA. Another converter was included, I'm assuming it was so I could plug the USB/wall adapter into it, BUT the USB/wall adapter doesn't fit into the plug converter. Still love the phone though!
Just got it a short time ago but love it! The duel sim feature allows me to carry 1 phone for work and personal use. Normal great Samsung quality from what I can tell.
I receive this phone two weeks ago. my first Android phone ever! I've played Android with my friends phone and hated it. but this has changed since I started using this phone. it's fast, thin, beautiful and waterproof.Camera: the camera is good but not Superior to my Lumia 1520. I have not witness any Lag so far. the focusing on Camera is really good I have to say it's actually better than my DSLR. which is kinda sad. and the Quality of photos are coming out perfect especially on PRO Mode which you're able to adjust the ISO, Focus, Tint etc...Screen: far better than my LUmia 1520 I think. the AMOLED Screen is amazing plus on top of that 2k Quality. I love it!I recommend this phone especially if you never own any Galaxy before.
five star
love it so far its fantastic :)
Using this on AT&T with no problems whatsoever. Great phone.
Excellent phone but the front camera is no the best!
Should I buy the Samsung Galaxy S7?I am speaking of the Asian version with duo slots not the north American version.I had an iphone 6s , went overseas to work for a few months I was using the iPhone 6s it worked fine , except for a 4G connection and lte use overseas , I called apple ask them what type of bug they put in their phone for limiting service providers on the speed of the Internet, they did not fix an issue which I am not going to details about an apple freak would know the problem my of the public is not aware about . Any way I did a lot of reading and research on the better phone . I came across the Samsung s7 specifically the Asian version . At first I was very hesitant about getting it , I was not convinced till I tested the phone now I am convinced it is the world's most fastest phone to surf the net .I have put up a screen shot of the proforma center and no restrictions like Apple on network speed . Now I have placed my iPhone 6s as a paper weight . There goes apple support. The fix is the Samsung s7 . Yes it works well in Africa , Asia, Europe in any network without a certifications need without carrier is not certified issue unlike like Apple.There isn’t a better Android phone out there right now. The Nexus 6P comes close, but it’s much larger, and the Galaxy S7 Edge is a lot more expensive. For the majority of people, I’d say the Galaxy S7 is the phone to pick.It looks great, feels a lot better than the Galaxy S6 due to the curved back, and it performs like a champ.It also has the best all-round camera on any phone, thanks to crisp images and a fuss-free app that’s fast to open, focus and shoot.Samsung has taken the Galaxy S6, an already excellent phone, and fixed just about everything wrong with it. UPDATE .. dated 28-7-2016 , if you buy this phone get a cover and a screen protector , I accidentally dropped the phone from a 2 meter escalator facing the screen head on the phone survived the fall with a single shatter on the screen , still working but the shatter is visible from an angle, I purchased a screen seal so the shatter won't spread all over , I did a search on replacing the screen , no one is willing to replace the screen due to some type of a glue on the system Board, I have to wait until a phone technicians know to prefect a replacement screen on the s7 and 7edge. I would not take the star due to my fault . Be careful not to drop the phone on a hard surface , prone to shatter if not protected !! Like any other smart phones . I did get the cracked Glass on the front replaced with no hassle . The waiting was about 3 hours at the Samsung center in bejing , it can out like new , no cracks that bothered me for a while , I had to pay for the service of replacement on the front Glass, now learned , I did get a screen protector and a solid cover . If you buy a glass shatter phone it is a must to buy the cover and glass shield.. love the phone as far as proformance and speed ..Here we go apple .. watch out ..
I love
Very good
I have been with me for about a week, so far the phone is working perfect. The product is the same the one I ordered.Looks like the battery is not as good as I thought, however, I'm playing with any different features the phone has in order to check that everything is OK, so maybe that's the reason why the battery doesn't keep so long.Great price also.
Excelant
it's good
'Twas a very good phone. I bought as a gift for my Girlfriend.
I'm very happy with this unlocked Galaxy S7. I like the size, excellent camera, good battery life. Would not go for the Edge model -- too large and expensive. Came with a UK type plug for the charger, but also an adapter for US outlets. Better if it were European/US, but it's unlocked and great for travelers who carry a SIM for the countries they visit/live in.
very good
Works great with no noticeable imperfections.Thanks!
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4 plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize it making it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
best phone out there
Very fast, lots of functions, and I just love dual SIM cards! I carried a DTAC SIM card from Thailand with me and it's working nicely along with AT&T (US) SIM card. My only complaint about this phone is a quite short battery life, but with that it's still a very good phone worthy of the investment.
Husband really likes his new Galaxy S7 SM-G930UZKAXAA. No problems with using on T-mobile service. Great price on Thanksgiving.
The EXACT phone I needed! Extremely good!
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 for about 8 days. The packaging was good, but not the type where you need help or tools to open it. I found the instructions skimpy but easy to follow and get started. The recharger cord end, that attaches to the phone is a little stiff and so I'm careful when connecting it to the phone.I'm still learning how the phone works but I've found it fairly easy to use. I like to use an item for a month before 'reviewing' it but I made an exception. From what I've seen and been able to do so far with this phone leads me to say I'd buy it again.
Best phone that I ever owned. The Asian version 930F while a little more expensive gives you the option of using duel sim cards, which means you can have two phone numbers if you choose to do so at extra cost, of course. The international variant also has been shown to be a little bit faster than the north american version. You can check out the you tube videos online relating to the speed test. On the other features you can easily discern the specs provided by the seller.
Like this cell very much!! Love its customization features!
This is a review for SM-G930UZKAXAA. The ONLY non-carrier based, Samsung U.S. warranted, factory unlocked phone. Too bad Amazon lumps all the 'unlocked' S7 reviews together. This was very confusing as I gradually figured out that numerous overseas and carrier based versions of the S7 exist. I won't waste time reviewing the phone itself other than the primary differences that this version has.1) - It is has both CDMA and GSM receivers optimized for the bands and channels used by U.S. carriers. In the U.S., Sprint, Verizon and U.S. Cellular use CDMA. AT&T and T-mobile use GSM. I.E. - it is theoretically compatible with any U.S. carrier allowing you to take your phone to any U.S. carrier including the pay as you go services such as Cricket, Boost, Virgin, etc. Set up flawlessly on my Cricket account.2) It does not come pre-loaded with carrier bloatware. Although Samsung does load some of its own that can't be removed. The most irritating being Samsung pay which occasionally generates popups reminding you its available.3) It is warranted by SAMSUNG with full U.S. warranty. No battery issues on the S7, but nice to know it's warranted if something similar to the Note 7 debacle happens.4) Updates are pushed out directly from Samsung. Presumably at a quicker pace than from many experience from carrier versions. I have received one update so far in 60 days.
Good
This phone is excellent. I like it. It works in Ukraine very good.
Great dual sim phone. Fast shipping.
Works quite well. Never slow nor stuck. Only problem is that back of the phone and right side of metal frame become hot sometimes and I haven't find a way to allevatev the heating
everything is good, but wall charger too big
Great phone! I'm loving everything from it. It's a huge step up from Galaxy S5. The migration process is intuitive and includes a USB adaptar to connect your previous phone to this one and copy files directly.
Excellent!!
I love this phone! I was worried that it may not work on the Cricket network, but it's been great! Very happy!
Was skeptical initially; but i am glad i bought it..
Works very well. Very happy with it.
Good phone
This phone is really fast and works great. Plenty of memory and a SD slot to boot. Can install lots of apps. Cannot move apps to the SD card, unlike my Samsung Galaxy J1 dual-SIM phone.The Galaxy S7 can accept two SIMs, but the second SIM would take the place of the SD slot. That's unfortunate: You can not use the SD slot and second SIM. Either or. Thus, the four-star rating.The GPS works really well. The bluetooth works well. Wifi works well. No problems with the Android.The phone comes with a European style plug, a USB cable, a little pin to eject the SIM tray, and earphones w/mic.I tried to register the phone with the US Samsung website and Samsung did not recognize the serial number nor the IMEI numbers. I don't know if that's because the dual-SIM phone isn't out here in the USA or it's a fake phone. Of course, the listing says no warranty. Seems real and works great, anyhow.Supposedly it is water resistant, but I didn't test that.
It's a Great phone.
When I bought this phone everything was in English (UK) I managed to make it fully ENGLISH ( US) with t-mobil the only thing I did not like is that you cannot use samsung pay or photoshop mix (app) on this phone this phone has restriction for some reason and idk why all international unlocked phones do....and this phone I got does not say galaxy s7 on the back instead it says (duos) I don't know why ....another thing I be alive these phones are original box was not opened came in its original box with earphones and pin but with a different charger it had a (UK) charger not compatible with (US) OUTLETS besides the point I tested this phone in water and( it is water proof) I liked the phone get well complemented on it people like it apecialy when the clock is always on.... hope this helps the buyer I bought from was (THE WIRELESS CIRCLE )
So far, so good. Very worried that it has no US warranty.
ok
its a good product
Bought the pink Samsung Galaxy S7. It came with headphones, a charger, and a phone media transfer adapter as well. I live in TX and have Metro PCs, which is a GSM card on the T-Mobile network. I love this phone! ❤
love it thank you !
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Wonderful so far, loving the sleekness of the phone and there were no problems with theSIM installation process either.
This is an excellent phone with dual sim capability. This phone seems to be intended for middle eastern market. One disadvantage of this phone is that it does not support Samsung pay, which is only supported on the US models of S7. Other than that, everything is exactly the same. The US model does not offer dual sim capability. The phone came in a completely sealed box and the box had no signs that indicated that it was opened before being shipped out.
I needed the facility of having dual sim cards instead of having to travel with two separate phones. I had tried the other options using Bluetooth adapters but there were problems with sound quality. This phone with dual sims solves that problem. Being a dedicated iPhone user I had to get used to the different operatingredients features. My experience indicates that one needs to be patient in having one's data transferred and getting used to the difference with iPhone. However I note the Galaxy S7 is an excellent phone with some additional features over iPhone. The camera is better than that on iPhone 6.
great
It gets warm when I listen to music, podcasts, or books.
great
Great phone. Switched from iOS to Android and I'm already loving it two days in. My international version came with an European adapter, so I couldn't charge my phone with the power outlet. Wish it came with an U.S adapter.
great phone, very fast and powerful Android phone
Great phone. The warranty thing is iffy. My phone got once and turned green which scared me (after a session of VR). But this was a one-time occurrence. I hope buying a phone with no protection wasn't a mistake!Overall, I love the S7. Battery lasts me all day, charging is fast. I can't give it 5 stars because of that one glitch and the lack of warranty -- but then again I knew what I was getting.I win as long as it can last at least 3 years. I am very protective with my phones so that is completely plausible.
Extent
It's everything it said it was and more.
I bought this for my husband. He had a s5. The changes are super nice! I love the camera and how fast this phone is.
The things I am satisfied:- This phone is beautiful. Honestly, I love looking at this phone and I find myself wiping down the phone to maintain it's reflective dark reflection.- Stunning display. Impressive 5.1 QHD AMOLED display is beautiful and vibrant. It's largely the same as the S6, but that's not a bad thing.- Camera has a great rear camera compared to the S6. Even though the megapixels have been reduced to 12, it has a much better sensor and takes great photos in low-light environments. It auto-focuses super quickly, so you can take pictures as quickly as you can pull up the camera app. - 3000mAh battery is like having a phone + battery case without actually having the thick battery case. Hard to kill that battery in a day. And it comes with the fast Qi charge technology which is charged from 0% to 50% in 30mins only!- Always on mode constantly displays notifications without the need to unlock the phone. - Water resistant. IP68 rated which means the phone can be totally submerged in water up to 1.5m deep and 30 minutes. - up to 128Gb Micro SD expandable memoryThe things Samsung have to improve: - Not removable battery pack. 3000mAh is not enough for a busy day. - No USB-type C so it's not future proof, but then again the lifetime of the phone is 1-2 years.- Only 32GB storage. But you can overcome this with micro-SD storage.- Dual sims function: you have to remove the micro-sd card for the sim 2, otherwise, there is no any other slot for sim2. - I am using T-mobile, the speed of LTE of the dual sims international version is very not stable and slow than the one I used on my iphone 6s GSM unlocked ver.- For some reason, my phone doesn't always recongnize my fingerprints. I've reset them a couple times and it still doesn't always read it correctly. My iphone6s had fingerprint readers and its quicker or more accurate than the S7
Love it
Excelente móvil.
Awesome!!!10 points!
The phone is living up to all my expectations.
Exactly as described
Great!
I like it. As some others have pointed, I don't the 4G LTE signal ever. Not quite sure if it's the network operator issue or the phone. I can't imagine it being the phone issue. Even so I can stream Youtube videos on 4G without any issues. Compared to my old S3, S7 is a huge upgrade. Everything is faster. Network pages load so much faster than my old S3, on par with my gaming desktop.
Going from the S3 to the S7 was quite a leap! Multi-window feature is great. Screen size is perfect for me, image sharp & clear. The phone is slim and elegant. Just love it.
Good product
Almost perfect... perfect display, battery, build quality, etc.Removing 1 star because design does not allow for dual SIM plus sd card: you need to choose one or the other.
love it! great performance. product came in fully sealed, genuine.
Very good thanks you arrives on time very fast shipping
Great product.
The item was I was expecting
Great hardware with child-setting UI. Camera makes wonderful pictures. But UX of Samsung's Android is ugly. Unfortunately moving to any other Android mod will break some very useful features.
Love the phone and everything was intact. But the only problem I had was they sent an adapter meant for European outlets so I had to use one I already had. But I guess I'll be prepared if I ever got to Spain or something. 😅
Dope phone.
the phone works perfect with both sim. the second sim works in 2g only. I have to buy a charger because the one which come with the phone is for Asia and it needs an adapter.
Great product! FANTASTIC camera! Thanks!
Excelent
everything is good, but wall charger too big
Great phone! I'm loving everything from it. It's a huge step up from Galaxy S5. The migration process is intuitive and includes a USB adaptar to connect your previous phone to this one and copy files directly.
Product works great, no issue with the dual sim function and it's exactly as advertised. Delivery was prompt and well managed.If you're thinking about buying, it's definitely worth it. I'm a very happy customer.
Absolutely love our new phone. The international version works perfectly with our cricket service and we saved over $100 versus the US version. My research claimed that the processor of the international version is actually better than the processor that comes with the US version. I can not confirm since I only have the one, but i am completely satisfied and would recommend this phone.BONUS - It does not spontaneously catch on fire like the note7
I've been using this for over a month and I am so happy I bought it. One I absolutely love the pink color, no one else around me has it! Second the photo quality is AMAZING! It's so easy to use, I use to have a Samsung Galaxy S2 (I know I was due for an upgrade but the 2 was still working well)The main reason I picked this phone was because of the photo quality, especially indoors in low light. I have a DSLR but I don't want to have to carry that everywhere to get photos. Actually I felt my phone took better pictures than I could with my DSLR and the lenses I own at the Aquarium(I'm sure if I had more expensive lenses that take fast photos in low light it would be better). Also love the beauty mode :DIt has some great settings and I absolutely love it! I'm including some photos I took with it.
Not bad but Samsung galaxy A5 with two sim cards remains my favorite.. the best samsung ever.
thanks!very good product.on time delivery!
Very good seller and product.
Good product. No issues. I got exactly what was advertised and in perfect condition. I have been using it for about one week now and it works good. The dual sim option works good with no issues.
Ok
This phone is really fast and works great. Plenty of memory and a SD slot to boot. Can install lots of apps. Cannot move apps to the SD card, unlike my Samsung Galaxy J1 dual-SIM phone.The Galaxy S7 can accept two SIMs, but the second SIM would take the place of the SD slot. That's unfortunate: You can not use the SD slot and second SIM. Either or. Thus, the four-star rating.The GPS works really well. The bluetooth works well. Wifi works well. No problems with the Android.The phone comes with a European style plug, a USB cable, a little pin to eject the SIM tray, and earphones w/mic.I tried to register the phone with the US Samsung website and Samsung did not recognize the serial number nor the IMEI numbers. I don't know if that's because the dual-SIM phone isn't out here in the USA or it's a fake phone. Of course, the listing says no warranty. Seems real and works great, anyhow.Supposedly it is water resistant, but I didn't test that.
Almost perfect... perfect display, battery, build quality, etc.Removing 1 star because design does not allow for dual SIM plus sd card: you need to choose one or the other.
love it! great performance. product came in fully sealed, genuine.
Great product.
The item was I was expecting
Great hardware with child-setting UI. Camera makes wonderful pictures. But UX of Samsung's Android is ugly. Unfortunately moving to any other Android mod will break some very useful features.
Great!
I like it. As some others have pointed, I don't the 4G LTE signal ever. Not quite sure if it's the network operator issue or the phone. I can't imagine it being the phone issue. Even so I can stream Youtube videos on 4G without any issues. Compared to my old S3, S7 is a huge upgrade. Everything is faster. Network pages load so much faster than my old S3, on par with my gaming desktop.
When I bought this phone everything was in English (UK) I managed to make it fully ENGLISH ( US) with t-mobil the only thing I did not like is that you cannot use samsung pay or photoshop mix (app) on this phone this phone has restriction for some reason and idk why all international unlocked phones do....and this phone I got does not say galaxy s7 on the back instead it says (duos) I don't know why ....another thing I be alive these phones are original box was not opened came in its original box with earphones and pin but with a different charger it had a (UK) charger not compatible with (US) OUTLETS besides the point I tested this phone in water and( it is water proof) I liked the phone get well complemented on it people like it apecialy when the clock is always on.... hope this helps the buyer I bought from was (THE WIRELESS CIRCLE )
ok
Bought the pink Samsung Galaxy S7. It came with headphones, a charger, and a phone media transfer adapter as well. I live in TX and have Metro PCs, which is a GSM card on the T-Mobile network. I love this phone! ❤
great
It gets warm when I listen to music, podcasts, or books.
great
Great phone. Switched from iOS to Android and I'm already loving it two days in. My international version came with an European adapter, so I couldn't charge my phone with the power outlet. Wish it came with an U.S adapter.
great phone, very fast and powerful Android phone
Great phone. The warranty thing is iffy. My phone got once and turned green which scared me (after a session of VR). But this was a one-time occurrence. I hope buying a phone with no protection wasn't a mistake!Overall, I love the S7. Battery lasts me all day, charging is fast. I can't give it 5 stars because of that one glitch and the lack of warranty -- but then again I knew what I was getting.I win as long as it can last at least 3 years. I am very protective with my phones so that is completely plausible.
Extent
Perfect!!!!
great phone and faster than previous Samsungs
I bought this for my husband. He had a s5. The changes are super nice! I love the camera and how fast this phone is.
The things I am satisfied:- This phone is beautiful. Honestly, I love looking at this phone and I find myself wiping down the phone to maintain it's reflective dark reflection.- Stunning display. Impressive 5.1 QHD AMOLED display is beautiful and vibrant. It's largely the same as the S6, but that's not a bad thing.- Camera has a great rear camera compared to the S6. Even though the megapixels have been reduced to 12, it has a much better sensor and takes great photos in low-light environments. It auto-focuses super quickly, so you can take pictures as quickly as you can pull up the camera app. - 3000mAh battery is like having a phone + battery case without actually having the thick battery case. Hard to kill that battery in a day. And it comes with the fast Qi charge technology which is charged from 0% to 50% in 30mins only!- Always on mode constantly displays notifications without the need to unlock the phone. - Water resistant. IP68 rated which means the phone can be totally submerged in water up to 1.5m deep and 30 minutes. - up to 128Gb Micro SD expandable memoryThe things Samsung have to improve: - Not removable battery pack. 3000mAh is not enough for a busy day. - No USB-type C so it's not future proof, but then again the lifetime of the phone is 1-2 years.- Only 32GB storage. But you can overcome this with micro-SD storage.- Dual sims function: you have to remove the micro-sd card for the sim 2, otherwise, there is no any other slot for sim2. - I am using T-mobile, the speed of LTE of the dual sims international version is very not stable and slow than the one I used on my iphone 6s GSM unlocked ver.- For some reason, my phone doesn't always recongnize my fingerprints. I've reset them a couple times and it still doesn't always read it correctly. My iphone6s had fingerprint readers and its quicker or more accurate than the S7
Excelente móvil.
Awesome!!!10 points!
Exactly as described
Good product
Excellent!!
I love this phone! I was worried that it may not work on the Cricket network, but it's been great! Very happy!
Was skeptical initially; but i am glad i bought it..
Good phone
I needed the facility of having dual sim cards instead of having to travel with two separate phones. I had tried the other options using Bluetooth adapters but there were problems with sound quality. This phone with dual sims solves that problem. Being a dedicated iPhone user I had to get used to the different operatingredients features. My experience indicates that one needs to be patient in having one's data transferred and getting used to the difference with iPhone. However I note the Galaxy S7 is an excellent phone with some additional features over iPhone. The camera is better than that on iPhone 6.
Well delivered!! Good job!!
Sealed original box with all stuff in it. Thank you
Love this phone. The Ultra HD camera is amazing. I was nervous about spending so much money on an unlocked phone but it was easy to set it up on T-mobile.
Love this phone. The Ultra HD camera is amazing. I was nervous about spending so much money on an unlocked phone but it was easy to set it up on T-mobile.
Good
unlocked for south america, works very good . i am happy . amazon always two ups for me !!! i don't speak english !! sorry . excelente teléfono . Cumplió todas mis expectativas. Seguiré comprando en AMAZON
So far no problem with my phone. Been doing all kind of tests on it and i can say it leaving up to it's name.
Its an awesome phone. I could get this color only here at a great deal. It is new.Its my first android. Got concerned about warranty based on another review. the seller confirmed 1 year warranty over email.Have been using it for the past 2 months with no problems.Upon starting the phone, it updated but the phone got v hot. i got worried. but it happened just that day. i changed battery charging setting from fast to normal. guess that helped. afterwards no heat problem.Im using Tmobile sim. I had the big sized sim. i myself cut it to nano size
Nice product. Not convinced its worth the price tag, though
nice love my phone.
Fantastic phone. I have to say that I have never been a Samsung fan, usually I buy Nokia, I tried a Blackberry but now I am addicted to Samsung. Easy to use, even for me - I am no way near being a techno geek. Truly recommend this. I bought the 32GB version as I had tried the Samsung S5 16GB but as I use my phone for everything I soon ran out of memory, even with a memory card. I have had this for 2 weeks and love it! I have been using it every day and it keeps up with me, definitely fast and efficient. I really recommend it.
Nice phone, but if you're going to use it in the US, you may want to buy a US version from a carrier. From what I can find out from trying to get WIFI Calling working all day, it and Samsung pay is not available on the international phone version.
This phone is a monster, it meets every specification indicated. Beats my Nokia Lumia in miles unthinkable. I recommend this phone to anyone who desires to experience a phone, tablet, laptop and camera all in one.
Perfect delivery timing since I was about to travel outside the country and had No issues to get a line since the phone was unlocked.Phone has all the features to be a great working/business tool, fast and easy and also great for entertainment: awesome camera, great sound for music. I LOVE IT and so did my brother, so I had to leave it for him as a present jajaja
Yes
Great
All good
I ordered the Galaxy S7 international addition. It works flawlessly here in the States and I've had no issues adjusting to its new features. Everything came as expected with the phone.
Best phone ever. I bought the dual sim one and it works awesome.
Excellent. Highly recomendable
Excellent!!!! It works perfectly
I got the UK version of the Galaxy S7 (the only differences with the US version are the processor Exynos 8890 and the charger). The box had been opened and the phone had some traces of fingertips. However, it doesn't look like the phone has ever been used. It still had the protective plastic layers and all the contents in the box were wraped and sealed. The charger is from the UK but a UK-US adapter was included in the box. So far the phone works great and it's beautiful. Compared to what I'd have spent on this phone if I'd bought it from a US carrier I have saved around 100 $. The only thing I didn't like is that the seal was broken. I would like to know why. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.PS: Note that Samsung Pay won't work with the international version. Not sure if it will in the future when the feature is released in the UK.
Working perfectly so far. Did not have a USB/wall adapter compatible for the USA. Another converter was included, I'm assuming it was so I could plug the USB/wall adapter into it, BUT the USB/wall adapter doesn't fit into the plug converter. Still love the phone though!
Just got it a short time ago but love it! The duel sim feature allows me to carry 1 phone for work and personal use. Normal great Samsung quality from what I can tell.
I receive this phone two weeks ago. my first Android phone ever! I've played Android with my friends phone and hated it. but this has changed since I started using this phone. it's fast, thin, beautiful and waterproof.Camera: the camera is good but not Superior to my Lumia 1520. I have not witness any Lag so far. the focusing on Camera is really good I have to say it's actually better than my DSLR. which is kinda sad. and the Quality of photos are coming out perfect especially on PRO Mode which you're able to adjust the ISO, Focus, Tint etc...Screen: far better than my LUmia 1520 I think. the AMOLED Screen is amazing plus on top of that 2k Quality. I love it!I recommend this phone especially if you never own any Galaxy before.
I like itFast phone
Quick! Excellent product
Just nice phone that feels like solid piece of glossy something with somoething like spring that vibrates and shakes inside.
Solid phone. I would not hesitate to buy an international model a second time.
Really good phone! Just as I wanted
World's BEST smart phone!
Good!~~
Great phone!! Came with all the accesories, new in box and definitely unlocked! Dont go elsewere buy this one
New and excellent! Just what I want!
Love it
Asian Gold version. Works great on the cricket service and the is faster and cheaper than in store
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Excellent conditions working perfectly with no problems upon installing the new SIM.No technical problems thus far and looking amazing
Really great product. The camera quality is awesome. Works in Brazil. Really beautiful.
I love my S-7! I went from a Galaxy S-3 to the S-7 and it was quite the leap. I have had the phone for about 3 months now and just dropped it so beware! It was less than a foot off the ground when it fell and it trashed the screen. Now I have to figure out how to get it fixed. However the phone was delivered promptly. I have not had any problems with the phone besides the cracked screen which was my error and not the sellers.
Excellent product!!! I had S4 and now s7, very satisfied again!
This is a pretty good phone that I got for mobile development for work.5/5. It didn't explode on me :)
good
Haven't had a chance to use it in a different country yet but so far it works a lot faster than my S3. The button on the bottom is a bit harder to press than my S3 but all else is good. Will try to update when I move back to Australia to use it. The charger that came with it is not the Australian one but that is fine.
Excellent
The phone is what it is - better reviews are available elsewhere. This review is for the seller. I bought it from Popular Electronics Inc. They are from Hong Kong. I am in the US. I was worried about getting a fake phone. I got the phone quickly. Its an original. Very satisfied.
What can I say I love my phone. You can get all the info on youtube. One thing I will tell you that you can use it anywhere on the planet except couple frequency bands in China. I've used it in Europe to Japan and even in Dubai and Iraq. Good luck if you get this phone.
Best phone that I ever owned. The Asian version 930F while a little more expensive gives you the option of using duel sim cards, which means you can have two phone numbers if you choose to do so at extra cost, of course. The international variant also has been shown to be a little bit faster than the north american version. You can check out the you tube videos online relating to the speed test. On the other features you can easily discern the specs provided by the seller.
Like this cell very much!! Love its customization features!
This is a review for SM-G930UZKAXAA. The ONLY non-carrier based, Samsung U.S. warranted, factory unlocked phone. Too bad Amazon lumps all the 'unlocked' S7 reviews together. This was very confusing as I gradually figured out that numerous overseas and carrier based versions of the S7 exist. I won't waste time reviewing the phone itself other than the primary differences that this version has.1) - It is has both CDMA and GSM receivers optimized for the bands and channels used by U.S. carriers. In the U.S., Sprint, Verizon and U.S. Cellular use CDMA. AT&T and T-mobile use GSM. I.E. - it is theoretically compatible with any U.S. carrier allowing you to take your phone to any U.S. carrier including the pay as you go services such as Cricket, Boost, Virgin, etc. Set up flawlessly on my Cricket account.2) It does not come pre-loaded with carrier bloatware. Although Samsung does load some of its own that can't be removed. The most irritating being Samsung pay which occasionally generates popups reminding you its available.3) It is warranted by SAMSUNG with full U.S. warranty. No battery issues on the S7, but nice to know it's warranted if something similar to the Note 7 debacle happens.4) Updates are pushed out directly from Samsung. Presumably at a quicker pace than from many experience from carrier versions. I have received one update so far in 60 days.
Good
This phone is excellent. I like it. It works in Ukraine very good.
Great dual sim phone. Fast shipping.
Works quite well. Never slow nor stuck. Only problem is that back of the phone and right side of metal frame become hot sometimes and I haven't find a way to allevatev the heating
five star
love it so far its fantastic :)
Using this on AT&T with no problems whatsoever. Great phone.
Excellent phone but the front camera is no the best!
Should I buy the Samsung Galaxy S7?I am speaking of the Asian version with duo slots not the north American version.I had an iphone 6s , went overseas to work for a few months I was using the iPhone 6s it worked fine , except for a 4G connection and lte use overseas , I called apple ask them what type of bug they put in their phone for limiting service providers on the speed of the Internet, they did not fix an issue which I am not going to details about an apple freak would know the problem my of the public is not aware about . Any way I did a lot of reading and research on the better phone . I came across the Samsung s7 specifically the Asian version . At first I was very hesitant about getting it , I was not convinced till I tested the phone now I am convinced it is the world's most fastest phone to surf the net .I have put up a screen shot of the proforma center and no restrictions like Apple on network speed . Now I have placed my iPhone 6s as a paper weight . There goes apple support. The fix is the Samsung s7 . Yes it works well in Africa , Asia, Europe in any network without a certifications need without carrier is not certified issue unlike like Apple.There isn’t a better Android phone out there right now. The Nexus 6P comes close, but it’s much larger, and the Galaxy S7 Edge is a lot more expensive. For the majority of people, I’d say the Galaxy S7 is the phone to pick.It looks great, feels a lot better than the Galaxy S6 due to the curved back, and it performs like a champ.It also has the best all-round camera on any phone, thanks to crisp images and a fuss-free app that’s fast to open, focus and shoot.Samsung has taken the Galaxy S6, an already excellent phone, and fixed just about everything wrong with it. UPDATE .. dated 28-7-2016 , if you buy this phone get a cover and a screen protector , I accidentally dropped the phone from a 2 meter escalator facing the screen head on the phone survived the fall with a single shatter on the screen , still working but the shatter is visible from an angle, I purchased a screen seal so the shatter won't spread all over , I did a search on replacing the screen , no one is willing to replace the screen due to some type of a glue on the system Board, I have to wait until a phone technicians know to prefect a replacement screen on the s7 and 7edge. I would not take the star due to my fault . Be careful not to drop the phone on a hard surface , prone to shatter if not protected !! Like any other smart phones . I did get the cracked Glass on the front replaced with no hassle . The waiting was about 3 hours at the Samsung center in bejing , it can out like new , no cracks that bothered me for a while , I had to pay for the service of replacement on the front Glass, now learned , I did get a screen protector and a solid cover . If you buy a glass shatter phone it is a must to buy the cover and glass shield.. love the phone as far as proformance and speed ..Here we go apple .. watch out ..
I love
Very good
I have been with me for about a week, so far the phone is working perfect. The product is the same the one I ordered.Looks like the battery is not as good as I thought, however, I'm playing with any different features the phone has in order to check that everything is OK, so maybe that's the reason why the battery doesn't keep so long.Great price also.
Excelant
Better than, what I thought
Great!
Seal was broken on the box but phone seemed untouched. Came with a European charger and a converter but I bought a US charger because the converter was bulky. Other than that love this phone. Thought it was plain white but it is Pearl and therefore very iridescent.
I got my Galaxy S6 the last year. After getting this one, I notice that the battery life improves HUGELY. Also the camera is a lot better, even if the Galaxy S6 is the best, the S7 worth the change.
Good price
Awesome phone, very fast and reliable.
Good phone. Had what I requested. Came promptly. No complaints.
Ordered from seller Wireless Circle - received on time. What a fantastic phone! The camera itself leaves my Galaxy S5 (and any model iPhone) in the dust. I will leave the details to other reviewers, but just a couple of comments on the Dual-SIM version which I bought:(a) It doesn't say you have to, but I powered off the phone before putting SIMs in. Why take a chance?(b) Both SIM's sit in the same tray, and you have to be careful that SIM 2 is still seated all the way as you push the tray back in. Any resistance, STOP, and check that everything is seated. By the way, an important note: You may NOT have a second SIM and a microSD card in the phone at the same time - they use the same slot! I don't care about this (yet), as 32GB should be enough memory, but this gave me pause.(c) You can select the default SIM to use separately for each important function: outbound Voice and Text, and data. This is a nice feature, but it's still possible to override these selections when making an outbound call, so you can get mixed up. There is also an on/off function for each SIM which prevents this, as a safety in preventing very high roaming charges!If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't get the silver color. Although it still looks classy, it also looks like a run-of-the-mill iPhone 6 haha. I liked the electric blue color on my S5 better (not available on the S7, as far as I know) - just had more of a wow factor.
Exelente
Best phone ever. I bought the dual sim one and it works awesome.
Lovely phone. Great battery life, improved fingerprint sensor and fantastic camera. The battery easily lasts all day with normal usage.
What a nice and elegant phone!! At first, I had difficulty choosing between this model and the Edge one. Finally, I choose versatility and a practical phone. Edge is fashion, but in the daily use, I felt it was going to be bigger and uncomfortable to hold/carry.This phone is very fast, just what I wanted. 4G in Argentina is fast, so I can netsurf at high speed. I'm very happy with this purchase! Great Samsung product!
love this new phone!
My experience in the purchase of this product is very excellent
Great product. Everything as expected
The box was opened, but the phone was in perfect conditions, is dual sim, I wasn't expecting that, so is a plus.The phone is really fast and easy to setup and use, better than older Galaxies, the camera is incredible good, 1 of the best cameras in any phone nowadays.
Works well
Love it!
Fantastic phone. I have to say that I have never been a Samsung fan, usually I buy Nokia, I tried a Blackberry but now I am addicted to Samsung. Easy to use, even for me - I am no way near being a techno geek. Truly recommend this. I bought the 32GB version as I had tried the Samsung S5 16GB but as I use my phone for everything I soon ran out of memory, even with a memory card. I have had this for 2 weeks and love it! I have been using it every day and it keeps up with me, definitely fast and efficient. I really recommend it.
Excellent phone delivered on time . Good packing. The phone specs as detailed.
Looks like I'm the first review for the USA unlocked model. I'll just note that yes there is a Samsung pay icon (not available on the international version), and yes there is a warranty on the USA model (not available on the international version).I will also note that I use At&t as the carrier and Go phone as the plan - 4g LTE is lit up and working just fine. This model should work on all major carrier's (even quite a few of the minor names as well).This phone feels pro. The camera quality is the best I have ever seen and it was the main reason for buying this phone. In 5 years I don't want to look back and think that I should have spent the extra money for quality pictures of my kids. The s7 has me covered there. Android phones are also getting out of control big these days - the 5.1 screen on the s7 was another reason I selected this phone. If I wanted big I would buy a DSLR camera...I paired this phone with a OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Frustration Free Packaging - BLACK
Very good product. No problems at all.
I love my new phone it looks amazing and the features are assume
Perfect but may overheat
Great phone. Own both the edge and s7 and would recommend the regular s7 over the edge because of the annoying inputs you get just by holding the phone due to the screen wrapping on the edges. Yet to get a case for the edge since I prefer no case but will have to try one as I heard it helps fix the accidental touches greatly. The s7 feels great and boasts impressive hardware and a 1440p screen. The battery is also decent at 3000 mah. Definitely one of the best smart phones on the market and easily outshines the iPhone
Good phone, best all around phone!
Very fast, lots of functions, and I just love dual SIM cards! I carried a DTAC SIM card from Thailand with me and it's working nicely along with AT&T (US) SIM card. My only complaint about this phone is a quite short battery life, but with that it's still a very good phone worthy of the investment.
Husband really likes his new Galaxy S7 SM-G930UZKAXAA. No problems with using on T-mobile service. Great price on Thanksgiving.
The EXACT phone I needed! Extremely good!
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 for about 8 days. The packaging was good, but not the type where you need help or tools to open it. I found the instructions skimpy but easy to follow and get started. The recharger cord end, that attaches to the phone is a little stiff and so I'm careful when connecting it to the phone.I'm still learning how the phone works but I've found it fairly easy to use. I like to use an item for a month before 'reviewing' it but I made an exception. From what I've seen and been able to do so far with this phone leads me to say I'd buy it again.
Working great with T-mobile. Even though is shows no bars for phone reception on the display, I still get great reception at my home in Minnesota USA with the International Version G930F
it's good
'Twas a very good phone. I bought as a gift for my Girlfriend.
I'm very happy with this unlocked Galaxy S7. I like the size, excellent camera, good battery life. Would not go for the Edge model -- too large and expensive. Came with a UK type plug for the charger, but also an adapter for US outlets. Better if it were European/US, but it's unlocked and great for travelers who carry a SIM for the countries they visit/live in.
very good
Works great with no noticeable imperfections.Thanks!
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4 plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize it making it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
best phone out there
I like itFast phone
Quick! Excellent product
Just nice phone that feels like solid piece of glossy something with somoething like spring that vibrates and shakes inside.
Solid phone. I would not hesitate to buy an international model a second time.
Really good phone! Just as I wanted
World's BEST smart phone!
Good!~~
Great phone!! Came with all the accesories, new in box and definitely unlocked! Dont go elsewere buy this one
The language on the phone was in Chinese, had to go online to find out how to change to English. Beside that the phone is great.
Nice phone, but if you're going to use it in the US, you may want to buy a US version from a carrier. From what I can find out from trying to get WIFI Calling working all day, it and Samsung pay is not available on the international phone version.
This phone is a monster, it meets every specification indicated. Beats my Nokia Lumia in miles unthinkable. I recommend this phone to anyone who desires to experience a phone, tablet, laptop and camera all in one.
Perfect delivery timing since I was about to travel outside the country and had No issues to get a line since the phone was unlocked.Phone has all the features to be a great working/business tool, fast and easy and also great for entertainment: awesome camera, great sound for music. I LOVE IT and so did my brother, so I had to leave it for him as a present jajaja
Yes
Great
All good
Simply great
New and excellent! Just what I want!
Love it
Product arrived as described in a sealed box. Excellent conditions working perfectly with no problems upon installing the new SIM.No technical problems thus far and looking amazing
Really great product. The camera quality is awesome. Works in Brazil. Really beautiful.
I love my S-7! I went from a Galaxy S-3 to the S-7 and it was quite the leap. I have had the phone for about 3 months now and just dropped it so beware! It was less than a foot off the ground when it fell and it trashed the screen. Now I have to figure out how to get it fixed. However the phone was delivered promptly. I have not had any problems with the phone besides the cracked screen which was my error and not the sellers.
Excellent product!!! I had S4 and now s7, very satisfied again!
Excellent. Highly recomendable
Excellent!!!! It works perfectly
I got the UK version of the Galaxy S7 (the only differences with the US version are the processor Exynos 8890 and the charger). The box had been opened and the phone had some traces of fingertips. However, it doesn't look like the phone has ever been used. It still had the protective plastic layers and all the contents in the box were wraped and sealed. The charger is from the UK but a UK-US adapter was included in the box. So far the phone works great and it's beautiful. Compared to what I'd have spent on this phone if I'd bought it from a US carrier I have saved around 100 $. The only thing I didn't like is that the seal was broken. I would like to know why. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.PS: Note that Samsung Pay won't work with the international version. Not sure if it will in the future when the feature is released in the UK.
Working perfectly so far. Did not have a USB/wall adapter compatible for the USA. Another converter was included, I'm assuming it was so I could plug the USB/wall adapter into it, BUT the USB/wall adapter doesn't fit into the plug converter. Still love the phone though!
Just got it a short time ago but love it! The duel sim feature allows me to carry 1 phone for work and personal use. Normal great Samsung quality from what I can tell.
I receive this phone two weeks ago. my first Android phone ever! I've played Android with my friends phone and hated it. but this has changed since I started using this phone. it's fast, thin, beautiful and waterproof.Camera: the camera is good but not Superior to my Lumia 1520. I have not witness any Lag so far. the focusing on Camera is really good I have to say it's actually better than my DSLR. which is kinda sad. and the Quality of photos are coming out perfect especially on PRO Mode which you're able to adjust the ISO, Focus, Tint etc...Screen: far better than my LUmia 1520 I think. the AMOLED Screen is amazing plus on top of that 2k Quality. I love it!I recommend this phone especially if you never own any Galaxy before.
I like it
as expected
Four stars since the first one was very defective out of the box. It would reboot every few minutes. They obviously do not check these phones very thoroughly. They were both in perfect cosmetic shape. The phone its self is a great phone. Good feel, weight etc. the screen is amazing and the camera is far better than my 5S was in low light. The only negative for me was the removal of the IR emitter. I used that a lot on my 5S.
My daughter dropped her's in the pool school is starting n she needs one.this one is great she's enjoying it
Shipped quickly, phone is fully functional
It's beautiful, and well, as wonderful as you might think it is
Amazing phone! Had the iPhone 6 this is better hands down. Awaiting the nogut 7.0 release from Verizon. Get a 128gb SD card and this phone becomes more useful than most computers/laptops
LOVE the phone, but unfortunately the first one I was sent was defective. After about 400 phone calls, I finally got my hands on one that WORKS properly and I'm in love. Never thought I'd be happy to leave Apple, but I definitely am!
I would have given this product a 5 star rating but... the seller failed to include the USB adapter needed to perform the built in Smart Switch function for rolling over the contents of your old phone to this one. I solved this problem by ordering one here on Amazon. It should be included with the phone as it is a required piece of hardware.
Beautiful, sleek, fast. Battery life isn't great and it tends to get hot while charging.
No problems with the phone. It comes with the charger cord and ear buds. It DOES NOT come with the cord to transfer your data from old phone to new (included when purchasing a new phone). It also does not come with the little key to pop open the little compartment for internal cards--you have to use a paperclip.
For those who struggled with the horrible battery life of previous galaxy phones, finally this one is tolerable. I highly recommend the upgrade. I finally can feel safe without charging my phone multiple times a day...
Works great!!
Works very well on MetroPCS. Fast wire charging doesn't work but fasthe wireless charging works perfectly. Otherwise no issues with the phone
PERFECTO
So, first I would like to say Wow; this phone is Awesome! I LOVE it :) I've had it for about a few weeks now. At first, I was concerned due to a few reviews I read and a some known issues. First thing I noticed was that the phone seemed to get hot when charging. Then I noticed that it was randomly freezing & rebooting - this went on for about a week or more. However, after some updates and a little time to let the phone go through it's own optimizing processes, the phone no longer randomly freezes & reboots (there was likely a conflict w/ one of the apps I installed) ando no longer overheats. It doesn't even seen to get much warmer while charging anymore - I did turn off fast charging because I leave it plugged in overnight; so, that may have something to do w/ it. Another thing I have noticed that hasn't gotten any better is the battery life doesn't seem to live up to the hype. It'seems supposed to be one of the best batteries out there w/ the ability to last the whole day without needing a charge; however, it lasts about as long as my old LG Optimus did (a little over half a day, perhaps a little longer). Fortunately, I have chargers everywhere; so, it's not a huge issue for me. Overall, now that my primary concerns have diminished, I am very happy w/ my purchase :)
Terrific phone. Battery life is low side.
Works like a charm. Compact yet powerful.
Thanks
I bought two of these refurbished Galaxy S7's. I've only had them less than a week. My wife's appears to be working well, but mine hangs up and needs a system reset several times a day. This happens when it is idle for a length of time - several hours. Seems OK if it is on a charger, but if left overnight off the charger it is unresponsive in the morning and needs the system reset. When it comes on it still had battery life two nights, but the battery was at 0% another night. Sometimes it hangs up during the day after being idle a few hours, even with a nearly fully charged battery. Looks like I'll have to send mine back.Also, I have a hard time typing on that touchscreen keyboard - seems I have to backspace once for every 2-3 characters I try to type. But in fairness, my grandkids seem to have far less difficulty. Maybe I'll get accustom to it.UPDATE: The day I wrote that review, I arranged to return the bad phone and buy a new one. But I did not send it back right away. That was about a week ago and I haven't experienced the problem since. The S7 had required a couple system updates - perhaps they fixed the problem. I've decided to retain the phone since then. I'll leave the score as is.
It's beautiful, and well, as wonderful as you might think it is
I would have given this product a 5 star rating but... the seller failed to include the USB adapter needed to perform the built in Smart Switch function for rolling over the contents of your old phone to this one. I solved this problem by ordering one here on Amazon. It should be included with the phone as it is a required piece of hardware.
Beautiful, sleek, fast. Battery life isn't great and it tends to get hot while charging.
No problems with the phone. It comes with the charger cord and ear buds. It DOES NOT come with the cord to transfer your data from old phone to new (included when purchasing a new phone). It also does not come with the little key to pop open the little compartment for internal cards--you have to use a paperclip.
Works great!!
Four stars since the first one was very defective out of the box. It would reboot every few minutes. They obviously do not check these phones very thoroughly. They were both in perfect cosmetic shape. The phone its self is a great phone. Good feel, weight etc. the screen is amazing and the camera is far better than my 5S was in low light. The only negative for me was the removal of the IR emitter. I used that a lot on my 5S.
It doesn't have radio, that's not cool...!!!
This can not download whatsapp...
It was a gift and I thought it was unlocked but my friend says that it wasn't unlocked so he hasn't used it yet. Other than that is a nice phone
It is an easier and compatible phone to use internationally
Excelent
no bad but is still needs activation to work with my prefferd network.
What a beautiful refurbishment. Looks and performs like brand new.
Brand new just as advertised!Does not come with SIM card so if you dony already have one from an existing snartphone, you must buy that separately. I got mine thru amazon and then had to call verizon to activate the phone w new sim card! excellent phone!
I got 2 of these as I really like this model. They are back ups as I just replaced one a couple weeks ago. The slide out keyboard is the best feature for me and now I can have this model for a long time. These are for Verizon only. If you look closely you can still get new ones cheap.
my phone messed up at the three months of having
Great phone for the price. I was looking for my "first smartphone" and this was a great transition selection.
As advertised, and a good price for having to replace my phone after an unfortunate incident on NYE. What are you gonna do, right? I had no problems getting this set up with my carrier without even going into the store. No extra fees, no problems, just ordered the phone, replaced the SIM card, and set it up on my account online. Easy day.
It was like brand new
THis phone was my son's birthday present. It works beautifully and looks brand new. Thank you for saving me $170 (I have the same phone and purchased it for approx $200. I bought this phone for$29 something on Amazon), and thank you for making my son's dreams come true...I could not have afforded it otherwise).!!
this phone comes as-is from the refurbished section. i've had good experience buying from Amazon's refurbished product list and this was another example of their high standards even for used products. it came with the box and charger (both wall AC adapter plug and USB plug-in). This phone needs a SIM card, and will remind you often every time you try to do something on it until you purchase one. I wanted to keep my StraightTalk number, so contacted them for a SIM card, got one and installed with no trouble. The phone itself has touch controls on the screen and can be a bit oversensitive to common handling, especially if you tend to have bigger fingers. the keyboard works well, the picture is crisp and clear to read, and have had very few problems with dropped calls, etc. The volume for ringtones, phone conversations, etc all need to be set quite loud in order to hear properly, but I often use the speakerphone feature so that's really not much of an issue. Apps download and install well, but tend to drop if you're running more than 2 or 3 apps at a time. it gets a bit annoying but you just need to prioritize what you're doing and be willing to restart the apps. The apps i most have problems with are the ones that use video and/or games. I don't have a need for extra storage on the phone as of yet, so can't comment on that part.
Great phone and delivered on time!!!
Love this phone, is a bit slick but got a rubberized case and now its perfect for my needs. Has a larger Key board then my other slide out Phone. Really a great phone for the price which is excellent.
I downgraded from a Galaxy S3 mini (that's as big as I want my phone to be if I can control it) because I missed the physical keyboard. I have no regrets. I had to get used to the programming as it is an older version of Android and there's a couple things that bug me but I can't change them and I'm getting used to them as I use the phone more. I had a hard time finding a case I like but ebay had a cheap case that does the job. As long as this phone works, I'm sticking with the physical keyboard. I love it! At almost 27 years old I'm the odd one out for wanting an older style of phone but I only wish I would've bought it sooner.
Great phone, my mom loves it
Like it
Bought for my mom cause she doesn't like all the new phones out there and this was almost exactly like her old one. She loves it!!!
worked great no problems would order again if needed.
What a beautiful refurbishment. Looks and performs like brand new.
I got 2 of these as I really like this model. They are back ups as I just replaced one a couple weeks ago. The slide out keyboard is the best feature for me and now I can have this model for a long time. These are for Verizon only. If you look closely you can still get new ones cheap.
my phone messed up at the three months of having
Great buy
Most of what i use this tablet for it works good. Web browsing, watching stuff, and reading comic books, it works well. This is not a lightning fast tablet, nor is it marketed as such, but the size, screen quality, and battery life make it a very good value for the price. Screen may only be 720p but on a screen this size its not noticeable without a good zoom in, and i can easily get around 7-8 hours of screen on time with normal usage (brightness a little over 1/3rd), 6-7 hours with heavier use.The cons of this device however:Storage is only 8gb, with only about 4.3gb available. This isnt a total dealbreaker though as you can get more on that one would think, though if you like to use a lot of apps you will have to make some sacrifices. I am able to install large media streaming apps, netflix, hulu, amazon video, and wwe network, in addition to a few of my personal "must have" apps and still have about 1.5gb available without even loading any onto an sd card.\The other con will not even be an issue for many. This device lacks mirrorcast support so you can not expand this device onto a second monitor. Secondly i have had a lot of issues with streaming media from the tablet to both chromecast and an xbox one, with the video freezing sometimes after a few seconds, others after as long as 40 minutes or so, though it does work properly on occassion. I had this issue with 2 units and never had an issue with any other device ive used. This will be a deal breaker for myself but wont be for many.All in all this is a niche device, if you want a compact device to use primarily to stream media, read, or something of that nature it is a great device, however it will not be a choice for power users.
This is my second unlocked Samsung 7" phone/tablet - international version (but this is a different, more recent model), so I knew what I was getting into. I knew I had to configure the APN settings for it to work as a cell phone. This time, I did not waste time trying to root this phone. (I've successfully rooted other phones, but wasn't satisfied/comfortable with the results.) The pin unlock screen is smaller than I would like, but I can live with it. Still giving it 5 stars. Thanks.
More then I expected ! This tablet has a built in Dialer that lets me use my existing cell phone number on my ATT plan to make LTE calls !, and with the ATT $10.00 connection cost of a tablet ! I did find that for some reason it works best to first connect it to LTE out of the box, before ever connecting to WiFi, otherwise it might have trouble recognizing the LTE for a bit. It is now running like a charm on on ATT H+ which isn't exactly 4G, but close enough and much faster then 3G !. Contrary to some reviews I read, it does charge perfectly fine on any standard USA charger, and it holds a charge all day with pretty heavy usage. I'm going to get another one for my 80 year old mother and have her do away with her high end phone and tablet. This will serve as the perfect and easy to use all in one, and at a much lower cost. And as usual, Amazon was a pleasure to deal with !
It's okay
This phone works like I was expecting!!!!
As the title say, this is a very good tablet indeed. Love it. Screen clear, even when using it outside, battery charge lasts, wifi doesn't drop out and the tablet is fast and responsive. Can't fault it. I'm guessing this is an international model as it came from gsmHero with a UK charger/adapter and a US converter - this was perfect for me as I travel, but may annoy others. I'm also using it with an international SIM so it is definitely unlocked and perfect for people who travel abroad.
love it
There is no better 7" Tab
I juse love this phone
Worked great. 4glte was good. Camera was good.
Bought this phone since my other 7 inch phablet has a lot of background noise which makes it hard for people to hear me. Very pleased with this phablet, the noise is no longer a problem. The display is great for me. If you are looking for a phone that will do everything including wash your car forget it, this ain't it. But if you are not a phone snob, and want a good basic phone for a reasonable price, this is what I recommend. Value for money!!
Five stars for the product..just like on the display..very goodstaff
I cannot say enough good things about this fantastic product, and am so grateful that Amazon themselves decided to source and stock this directly.This is the next-generation of the well-loved Galaxy Tab 4 7.0" tablet. It's a step up - an incremental step, true, as Samsung likes it - but still a step up. It's a slightly faster processor, a slightly newer OS, and a slightly better build. It's exactly what I would expect from a Samsung tablet, and I have not been disappointed!Note: This is the International Unlocked voice model of the tablet. It takes a SIM card, and supports 4G voice and data on GSM providers worldwide. You cannot use this in the US with Verizon or Sprint, but you can absolutely use it with AT&T (if you like wasting money) or T-Mobile (who still offers unlimited data plans without overages, as of the time of this review!)If you're looking for something in a hybrid phone/tablet with a 7 inch screen, this is the device you've been looking for. Buy with confidence, you'll fall in love with this tablet!!!
I juse love this phone
Worked great. 4glte was good. Camera was good.
Bought this phone since my other 7 inch phablet has a lot of background noise which makes it hard for people to hear me. Very pleased with this phablet, the noise is no longer a problem. The display is great for me. If you are looking for a phone that will do everything including wash your car forget it, this ain't it. But if you are not a phone snob, and want a good basic phone for a reasonable price, this is what I recommend. Value for money!!
Five stars for the product..just like on the display..very goodstaff
I cannot say enough good things about this fantastic product, and am so grateful that Amazon themselves decided to source and stock this directly.This is the next-generation of the well-loved Galaxy Tab 4 7.0" tablet. It's a step up - an incremental step, true, as Samsung likes it - but still a step up. It's a slightly faster processor, a slightly newer OS, and a slightly better build. It's exactly what I would expect from a Samsung tablet, and I have not been disappointed!Note: This is the International Unlocked voice model of the tablet. It takes a SIM card, and supports 4G voice and data on GSM providers worldwide. You cannot use this in the US with Verizon or Sprint, but you can absolutely use it with AT&T (if you like wasting money) or T-Mobile (who still offers unlimited data plans without overages, as of the time of this review!)If you're looking for something in a hybrid phone/tablet with a 7 inch screen, this is the device you've been looking for. Buy with confidence, you'll fall in love with this tablet!!!
Great buy
Most of what i use this tablet for it works good. Web browsing, watching stuff, and reading comic books, it works well. This is not a lightning fast tablet, nor is it marketed as such, but the size, screen quality, and battery life make it a very good value for the price. Screen may only be 720p but on a screen this size its not noticeable without a good zoom in, and i can easily get around 7-8 hours of screen on time with normal usage (brightness a little over 1/3rd), 6-7 hours with heavier use.The cons of this device however:Storage is only 8gb, with only about 4.3gb available. This isnt a total dealbreaker though as you can get more on that one would think, though if you like to use a lot of apps you will have to make some sacrifices. I am able to install large media streaming apps, netflix, hulu, amazon video, and wwe network, in addition to a few of my personal "must have" apps and still have about 1.5gb available without even loading any onto an sd card.\The other con will not even be an issue for many. This device lacks mirrorcast support so you can not expand this device onto a second monitor. Secondly i have had a lot of issues with streaming media from the tablet to both chromecast and an xbox one, with the video freezing sometimes after a few seconds, others after as long as 40 minutes or so, though it does work properly on occassion. I had this issue with 2 units and never had an issue with any other device ive used. This will be a deal breaker for myself but wont be for many.All in all this is a niche device, if you want a compact device to use primarily to stream media, read, or something of that nature it is a great device, however it will not be a choice for power users.
This is my second unlocked Samsung 7" phone/tablet - international version (but this is a different, more recent model), so I knew what I was getting into. I knew I had to configure the APN settings for it to work as a cell phone. This time, I did not waste time trying to root this phone. (I've successfully rooted other phones, but wasn't satisfied/comfortable with the results.) The pin unlock screen is smaller than I would like, but I can live with it. Still giving it 5 stars. Thanks.
More then I expected ! This tablet has a built in Dialer that lets me use my existing cell phone number on my ATT plan to make LTE calls !, and with the ATT $10.00 connection cost of a tablet ! I did find that for some reason it works best to first connect it to LTE out of the box, before ever connecting to WiFi, otherwise it might have trouble recognizing the LTE for a bit. It is now running like a charm on on ATT H+ which isn't exactly 4G, but close enough and much faster then 3G !. Contrary to some reviews I read, it does charge perfectly fine on any standard USA charger, and it holds a charge all day with pretty heavy usage. I'm going to get another one for my 80 year old mother and have her do away with her high end phone and tablet. This will serve as the perfect and easy to use all in one, and at a much lower cost. And as usual, Amazon was a pleasure to deal with !
It's okay
This phone works like I was expecting!!!!
As the title say, this is a very good tablet indeed. Love it. Screen clear, even when using it outside, battery charge lasts, wifi doesn't drop out and the tablet is fast and responsive. Can't fault it. I'm guessing this is an international model as it came from gsmHero with a UK charger/adapter and a US converter - this was perfect for me as I travel, but may annoy others. I'm also using it with an international SIM so it is definitely unlocked and perfect for people who travel abroad.
love it
There is no better 7" Tab
I juse love this phone
Worked great. 4glte was good. Camera was good.
Bought this phone since my other 7 inch phablet has a lot of background noise which makes it hard for people to hear me. Very pleased with this phablet, the noise is no longer a problem. The display is great for me. If you are looking for a phone that will do everything including wash your car forget it, this ain't it. But if you are not a phone snob, and want a good basic phone for a reasonable price, this is what I recommend. Value for money!!
Five stars for the product..just like on the display..very goodstaff
I cannot say enough good things about this fantastic product, and am so grateful that Amazon themselves decided to source and stock this directly.This is the next-generation of the well-loved Galaxy Tab 4 7.0" tablet. It's a step up - an incremental step, true, as Samsung likes it - but still a step up. It's a slightly faster processor, a slightly newer OS, and a slightly better build. It's exactly what I would expect from a Samsung tablet, and I have not been disappointed!Note: This is the International Unlocked voice model of the tablet. It takes a SIM card, and supports 4G voice and data on GSM providers worldwide. You cannot use this in the US with Verizon or Sprint, but you can absolutely use it with AT&T (if you like wasting money) or T-Mobile (who still offers unlimited data plans without overages, as of the time of this review!)If you're looking for something in a hybrid phone/tablet with a 7 inch screen, this is the device you've been looking for. Buy with confidence, you'll fall in love with this tablet!!!
Great buy
Most of what i use this tablet for it works good. Web browsing, watching stuff, and reading comic books, it works well. This is not a lightning fast tablet, nor is it marketed as such, but the size, screen quality, and battery life make it a very good value for the price. Screen may only be 720p but on a screen this size its not noticeable without a good zoom in, and i can easily get around 7-8 hours of screen on time with normal usage (brightness a little over 1/3rd), 6-7 hours with heavier use.The cons of this device however:Storage is only 8gb, with only about 4.3gb available. This isnt a total dealbreaker though as you can get more on that one would think, though if you like to use a lot of apps you will have to make some sacrifices. I am able to install large media streaming apps, netflix, hulu, amazon video, and wwe network, in addition to a few of my personal "must have" apps and still have about 1.5gb available without even loading any onto an sd card.\The other con will not even be an issue for many. This device lacks mirrorcast support so you can not expand this device onto a second monitor. Secondly i have had a lot of issues with streaming media from the tablet to both chromecast and an xbox one, with the video freezing sometimes after a few seconds, others after as long as 40 minutes or so, though it does work properly on occassion. I had this issue with 2 units and never had an issue with any other device ive used. This will be a deal breaker for myself but wont be for many.All in all this is a niche device, if you want a compact device to use primarily to stream media, read, or something of that nature it is a great device, however it will not be a choice for power users.
This is my second unlocked Samsung 7" phone/tablet - international version (but this is a different, more recent model), so I knew what I was getting into. I knew I had to configure the APN settings for it to work as a cell phone. This time, I did not waste time trying to root this phone. (I've successfully rooted other phones, but wasn't satisfied/comfortable with the results.) The pin unlock screen is smaller than I would like, but I can live with it. Still giving it 5 stars. Thanks.
More then I expected ! This tablet has a built in Dialer that lets me use my existing cell phone number on my ATT plan to make LTE calls !, and with the ATT $10.00 connection cost of a tablet ! I did find that for some reason it works best to first connect it to LTE out of the box, before ever connecting to WiFi, otherwise it might have trouble recognizing the LTE for a bit. It is now running like a charm on on ATT H+ which isn't exactly 4G, but close enough and much faster then 3G !. Contrary to some reviews I read, it does charge perfectly fine on any standard USA charger, and it holds a charge all day with pretty heavy usage. I'm going to get another one for my 80 year old mother and have her do away with her high end phone and tablet. This will serve as the perfect and easy to use all in one, and at a much lower cost. And as usual, Amazon was a pleasure to deal with !
It's okay
This phone works like I was expecting!!!!
As the title say, this is a very good tablet indeed. Love it. Screen clear, even when using it outside, battery charge lasts, wifi doesn't drop out and the tablet is fast and responsive. Can't fault it. I'm guessing this is an international model as it came from gsmHero with a UK charger/adapter and a US converter - this was perfect for me as I travel, but may annoy others. I'm also using it with an international SIM so it is definitely unlocked and perfect for people who travel abroad.
love it
There is no better 7" Tab
excelente herramienta para el uso diario, buen centro de entreteimiento y excelente lector E-book. supera en muchos aspectos a sus competidores y el sistema operativo es super estable y muy independiente de la P
I had a high expectation about this product, actually because I never had a tablet. Now that I own one I certainly feel disappointed about few things, but overall this product is awesome!
Honestly i can be more satisfied. The sansung Galaxy Tab give you the perfext link between comunication portability and easy use. Its graphics are clear the speed of the processor is very well. The speakers sound loud. The office pack is almost like work with word excel and powerpoint. So in short words is a handle product.
The product is great, especially when you consider portability and expandable memory.The new tablets have virtually no expandable memory. I did not wish to use my tablet for intensive 3D gaming, I use it for loads of data storage, so an expandable memory slot was what I was looking for.I also wanted a factory unlocked GSM, as I travel a lot worldwide and can use a data simcard where no Wifi is available. Was able to make calls using Wifi through Skype. The sound quality at both ends was very clear.First impression--a great device, extremely useful, without the hype.
I could not get 3G on AT&T; only edge. I thought it was only a problem with tmobile but I guess not. If anyone else was able to get 3G tell me how I can get it to work.
Este producto es muy bueno, ya que cuenta con la version internacional, solo insertas la sim y listo. / This product is very good, as has the international version, just insert the sim and ready
Ordered it on Friday and got delivered on Sunday...WoW! that was fast. Checked to see if its new or returned one, and it turns out to be brand new. The intial menu was in French but a quick search on you tube helped to set the language to English. Inserted an existing ATT sim card (Voice & Unlimited data) and it worked like a charm. Was able to make calls using cellular capabilites & with Wifi through Skype. The sound quality at both ends are very clear, even when I hold it 10 inches away from my face. First impression "its good and will post more as I start using it".
genial
A very good product.
Purchased this as a gift. Receiver loves it.
works great and it arrived on time.
its good device just my sim card wasn't recognizing
This pruduct worked perfectly. I bought it for a friend in Africa. He used it to browse and also make calls. It's perfect. The seller shipped it as soon as I bought it.
Nice device
It's working in Curitiba - Brazil with a Vivo GSM chip.I'm using it as a car GPS (with a samsung car adapter) and as a replacement for my iPhone (using with a Jabra blue tooth).The 7" size is really nice, I can put it in my jacket or jeans pocket and carry it everywhere.
I just LOVE this Tablet! Its perfect! Get yours!!!!! I live in Costa Rica and calls, sms, mms, 3G internet!!! Everything works perfect!!!Thank You Samsung people, You guys created the greatest tab ever!!!!!!!!!By the way I also have an Ipad and yes.. Is dead! Galaxy killed it.
Awesome! Android is great, the hardware is great. Fast, easy, great.Fully unlocked - working in Sao Paulo, Brazil with TIM provider, working voice calls, 3G, HSPA+, EDGE, etc.
Excelente produto, estou muito satisfeito com a compra desse tablet, depois de pesquisar bastante cheguei a conclusão que seria a melhor opção. comprei e estou muito satisfeito.
Great Gadget that unifies a very good tablet with the best Mobile OS (Android), a Camera (could be better than just 3.2MP) and a Phone.Recommended FULLY.
Excellent all, Thank you very much.
Very good product
Good
She loves it
awesome
When I First Heard Of The "Galaxy Tab" I Was Working On A Contract For Majestic Athletics In Palmer Twship PAA Co Worker Fellow "Teckie" We Were Sort A Comparing Phones Listening To Mp3's On Our Devices.All Of a Sudden Ther It Was The Phone Of Phones I Asked "What Is That" Co Worker Said Galaxy Tab,Mind You I Heard Of This Phone And The Competition Fueding You Know!!! Now I See Why.I Proud To Be The Owner Of A Great Samsung Product.With Awesome Support After All It Is The First "Galaxy" The Mother Of The Galaxy.. :) Thx, Teck Marty
too bad Samsung and Google stopped updating the software. Nothing runs on it anymore! I sold mine to buy a smartphone.
thnk you for you the order is very good as what I whant and it nice to use thank agen to you
I would have rated this product with five stars if only I had the correct wall charger. The seller was very pleasant to deal with. All in all I do not regret buying it. It was as described : never used. Of course it takes ages to charge via PC ( 7-10 hours nearly). And it fits the keyboard I had bought for a similar one that I later passed on to a friend.
I love my samsung galaxy. the product came as described unlocked and functional, the applications are easy to download and the size is just right.
fino
Excellent buy!
Exact and fast shipping..no delays and nice
Good
I was very nervous when waiting for this tablet but my expectations were met. I take this tablet is already one month and is very happy. This original- made in Korea. Phone is unlocked, I have inserted the SIM card and the phone works without problems (in the system GSM). I advise everyone. Thank U.
Easy to use, a great present for my father.
good thanks
genial
A very good product.
Purchased this as a gift. Receiver loves it.
works great and it arrived on time.
its good device just my sim card wasn't recognizing
This pruduct worked perfectly. I bought it for a friend in Africa. He used it to browse and also make calls. It's perfect. The seller shipped it as soon as I bought it.
Nice device
excelente herramienta para el uso diario, buen centro de entreteimiento y excelente lector E-book. supera en muchos aspectos a sus competidores y el sistema operativo es super estable y muy independiente de la P
I had a high expectation about this product, actually because I never had a tablet. Now that I own one I certainly feel disappointed about few things, but overall this product is awesome!
Honestly i can be more satisfied. The sansung Galaxy Tab give you the perfext link between comunication portability and easy use. Its graphics are clear the speed of the processor is very well. The speakers sound loud. The office pack is almost like work with word excel and powerpoint. So in short words is a handle product.
The product is great, especially when you consider portability and expandable memory.The new tablets have virtually no expandable memory. I did not wish to use my tablet for intensive 3D gaming, I use it for loads of data storage, so an expandable memory slot was what I was looking for.I also wanted a factory unlocked GSM, as I travel a lot worldwide and can use a data simcard where no Wifi is available. Was able to make calls using Wifi through Skype. The sound quality at both ends was very clear.First impression--a great device, extremely useful, without the hype.
I could not get 3G on AT&T; only edge. I thought it was only a problem with tmobile but I guess not. If anyone else was able to get 3G tell me how I can get it to work.
Este producto es muy bueno, ya que cuenta con la version internacional, solo insertas la sim y listo. / This product is very good, as has the international version, just insert the sim and ready
Ordered it on Friday and got delivered on Sunday...WoW! that was fast. Checked to see if its new or returned one, and it turns out to be brand new. The intial menu was in French but a quick search on you tube helped to set the language to English. Inserted an existing ATT sim card (Voice & Unlimited data) and it worked like a charm. Was able to make calls using cellular capabilites & with Wifi through Skype. The sound quality at both ends are very clear, even when I hold it 10 inches away from my face. First impression "its good and will post more as I start using it".
Everything was perfect..
Cheverisimo
Great
very good
very well
perfecto
Love it
The watch itself is great but consumers in the US beware of the fine print from this vendor. This particular watch is the International version which is from China. It has no warranty in the US. It does as you for a nano sim card. I went through the setup to see if it worked. At first it would not pair with my galaxy 5. You need to download the Gear app in the Google store or Apple store. It will then pair with the watch and then download software and updates. The watch needs be charged as it comes drained. It will take about 45 minutes to get the software updates from the gear app. During the procedure, it will factory reset the watch which suck because everything was in Chinese. After the update, I was able to set it to English. I was able to get all the features to work, email, contacts, calendar, etc. The various watch faces are very rich looking. The curved look is great but not overly heavy. Just be careful when you buy the watch. The non International version was about $15.00 more.
Love the watch and especially the big screen. even though its international version...I have it connected via bluetooth and about 3 apps are korean and dont understand them but overall...the watch does what its supposed to...I love it!
Great gear!
After anaylizing the mixed reviews on this Item i determined that most of the promblems people were haveing were user based, and since it looked like it did everything I wanted I decided to go for it. When I first got the watch I was concerned. Nothing seamed to be working right. But... after it went through three of four firmware patches over the course of a few days, things started going like... well... clockwork. The hardware of this watch is AWESOME. The screen, the phone (I make calls from the watch even when my phone is sitting right next to me), texting, navigation, web serfing, even watching the YOUTUBE!. HOWEVER, to get to my very happy state I had to dig through Samsungs special App store which is more more limited in selection than the android store and all the titles were new and unfamiliar. But, after some trial and error, and investing a few dollars, I eventually found the apps to make this hardware sing. Again... its ALL ABOUT THE APPS. Get the right apps and this watch does it all. Don't get the right apps and you will be very frustrated and be writing angry reviews. And it bears repeating... wait for those firmware updates before you make any decisions. The thing was failing in very basic tasks until those updates hit. Overall, if you have a little tech savy, you will LOVE this watch. If it ever brakes or gets eaten by wolves, I'll be clicking the 'buy it again' button in a heartbeat.
Watch stopped working after 6 months
best smart watch ever. you can use it as an accessory to your phone, or pop a sim in it and use as a phone.
This watch rocks, I've had it for a while now with no problems. I get a lot of comments on it.
all ok 10/10
I absolutely love my watch. I would totally recommend this watch to anyone.
Love it. I see the limitations compared to newer models, but I love the look of the watch. I think it will wear with anything.
This is great watch. Okay first of all the barrery lasts about 13-14 hours heavy use and if have 4% left turn on power saving and get 2+ hourd of battery..The sim card i was told you need a specific sim or activate sim card to work with the watch because my simcard im using on phone dident work. But its still the best.It is not too big. Its awesome. Screen is the best.s health is great. No lagging.About the apps. You get i would say enough for a smartwatch even those some are 1$ to 3$ like instagram and twitter. But opera web is free and FB on there. You can read whole notifications which is better then small pop up.You can reply to viber. Messenger. Whatapp those are ones i tried. I dont know if theres more.In all its a great smartwatch.
Love it. I always get asked about it.
Great watch! the best item that I've bought. It's sad that Samsung discontinue the model, the new versions are nice, but this it's one of the best products that Samsung created.
Really good.product. very pleased
Great item
It's awesome just need more apps
Purchased for my brother back in May!! He rarely wears any of his other fancy watches. Excellent packaging. Nothing was missing or damaged. Works superb. My bro is addicted to this gadget like a kid and he's in his 20's
As Expected Great Product.
Best smartwatch IMO. Even better than Samsung's own Gear S 2 version and way better than Apple's.
At first i was hesitant to buy however i went ahead with purchasing a one. And today I am in India and trust me it works on all GSM and UMTS networks over here. Rest all performance is well beyond expectations. All genuine accessories and retail pack. Only thing to note that it is from SK Telecom and starts with korean language so you have figure it out to change it to Eng US or others and it works like a charm. Thanks for genuine product.
works as advertised. I initially had trouble using this, but it was a T-mobile issue, not from this seller. Shipped fast, as advertised.
What sets this apart from ALL the other smart watches available right now is the stand alone capability. With the Samsung Gear Solo (aka Gear S) you will continue to be able to make and receive phone calls and texts WITHOUT it being connected to your phone via Bluetooth. Thus, in essence the Gear Solo is a second phone!
Awsome
As with all Samsung Gear products, Great job !
Contrary to what they say" it's a ugly watch", it is not, just a Lil big.It's rely work, full of features, even if tien stoll has a lot to do, I expect them to have a Lil more in the next 3 months.
Worth my money spent. Loving it until. .......
good, prettylous
Excellent
Excellent
Great watch...love it...work's great!!!!
very good n love it
Great product, does everything it says, a must have, I can't go anywhere without someone asking me how it works and where to get one
had no problems with this may order another one
worked for me and did what it advertised. I have a galaxy note 4 T-mobile version
Excelent
Good watch.
Excellent watch.I miss the camera though.
Very cool
On time. Good product.
Excellent deal
Good deal work perfectly unlocked just as they said. Put a simple mobile slim card in it and made calls with out any problems.
Expectation met 100%
My third one. Can't live with out it
it is very wonderful
Love it
Very innovative. Very col. I used it for work because I couldn't have a camera phone. I don't recommend it for frequent use. It gets kinda annoying after awhile. Definitely not a replacement for your mobile phone. I love my Samsung products!
Excellent!!
Great product close to a 007 gadget 😏
good price
I absolutely love my watch. I would totally recommend this watch to anyone.
Love it. I see the limitations compared to newer models, but I love the look of the watch. I think it will wear with anything.
This is great watch. Okay first of all the barrery lasts about 13-14 hours heavy use and if have 4% left turn on power saving and get 2+ hourd of battery..The sim card i was told you need a specific sim or activate sim card to work with the watch because my simcard im using on phone dident work. But its still the best.It is not too big. Its awesome. Screen is the best.s health is great. No lagging.About the apps. You get i would say enough for a smartwatch even those some are 1$ to 3$ like instagram and twitter. But opera web is free and FB on there. You can read whole notifications which is better then small pop up.You can reply to viber. Messenger. Whatapp those are ones i tried. I dont know if theres more.In all its a great smartwatch.
Love it. I always get asked about it.
Great watch! the best item that I've bought. It's sad that Samsung discontinue the model, the new versions are nice, but this it's one of the best products that Samsung created.
Really good.product. very pleased
Great item
It's awesome just need more apps
Purchased for my brother back in May!! He rarely wears any of his other fancy watches. Excellent packaging. Nothing was missing or damaged. Works superb. My bro is addicted to this gadget like a kid and he's in his 20's
Best smartwatch IMO. Even better than Samsung's own Gear S 2 version and way better than Apple's.
At first i was hesitant to buy however i went ahead with purchasing a one. And today I am in India and trust me it works on all GSM and UMTS networks over here. Rest all performance is well beyond expectations. All genuine accessories and retail pack. Only thing to note that it is from SK Telecom and starts with korean language so you have figure it out to change it to Eng US or others and it works like a charm. Thanks for genuine product.
Love it
The watch itself is great but consumers in the US beware of the fine print from this vendor. This particular watch is the International version which is from China. It has no warranty in the US. It does as you for a nano sim card. I went through the setup to see if it worked. At first it would not pair with my galaxy 5. You need to download the Gear app in the Google store or Apple store. It will then pair with the watch and then download software and updates. The watch needs be charged as it comes drained. It will take about 45 minutes to get the software updates from the gear app. During the procedure, it will factory reset the watch which suck because everything was in Chinese. After the update, I was able to set it to English. I was able to get all the features to work, email, contacts, calendar, etc. The various watch faces are very rich looking. The curved look is great but not overly heavy. Just be careful when you buy the watch. The non International version was about $15.00 more.
Love the watch and especially the big screen. even though its international version...I have it connected via bluetooth and about 3 apps are korean and dont understand them but overall...the watch does what its supposed to...I love it!
Great gear!
After anaylizing the mixed reviews on this Item i determined that most of the promblems people were haveing were user based, and since it looked like it did everything I wanted I decided to go for it. When I first got the watch I was concerned. Nothing seamed to be working right. But... after it went through three of four firmware patches over the course of a few days, things started going like... well... clockwork. The hardware of this watch is AWESOME. The screen, the phone (I make calls from the watch even when my phone is sitting right next to me), texting, navigation, web serfing, even watching the YOUTUBE!. HOWEVER, to get to my very happy state I had to dig through Samsungs special App store which is more more limited in selection than the android store and all the titles were new and unfamiliar. But, after some trial and error, and investing a few dollars, I eventually found the apps to make this hardware sing. Again... its ALL ABOUT THE APPS. Get the right apps and this watch does it all. Don't get the right apps and you will be very frustrated and be writing angry reviews. And it bears repeating... wait for those firmware updates before you make any decisions. The thing was failing in very basic tasks until those updates hit. Overall, if you have a little tech savy, you will LOVE this watch. If it ever brakes or gets eaten by wolves, I'll be clicking the 'buy it again' button in a heartbeat.
Watch stopped working after 6 months
all ok 10/10
Watch came in Samsung box, looking new.It is perfect, I can leave my phone alone and still get an idea of who's calling and/or texting.
Coming from Microsoft Band and then FitBit Charge. Great smart watch! Really looks like a watch (which I wanted) and I keep finding new functionalities I was not expecting. Connects directly to T-Mobile network. Also, connects to Wifi when phone is not in range, so you can still get notifications to the watch. Also, found out it has NFC and can be used for Samsung Pay (only through NFC though). Plenty of options for band/bracelets for around $15. Display is gorgeous, and wireless charging makes it so convenient.
Ordered this for my husband as a gift. He loves it. No connectivity issues and now he actually answers the phone because of the alerts on the watch.
Great product!
I purchased this watch on 11/09/2016. I must say that I have been impressed and find only one fault with the watch.PROS:Great styling: Can come with a choice of a durable, comfortable silicon type band. Or, it can be ordered with a high quality leather band. All bands have a "quick release" so switching bands is a snap. There is also a wide variety of after market high quality bands available at affordable prices. This makes the watch not only a device, but allows you to make your own personal fashion statement.Fitness: I was actually surprised how accurate the watch is at trading your heart rate, steps and other measures. I have to admit, that I was apprehensive at first, after reading how most smart watches have not met the bar on these tasks. But the Samsung Gear S2 Classic does a pretty good job regarding accuracy.Ease of Use: I don't think that any other manufacturer come close to this watch's ease of use. The dial on the bezel, was genius. Those familiar with he Apple watch, and other manufacturers of Smart watches, know that you have to have the hands of a contortionist to be able to turn a , touch, tap, push a button combination. The ratcheting dial bezel, allows you to scroll seamlessly through your apps. This addition, just makes life with a timepiece like this, so much easier. The interface is simple. I was able to find and use all functions of the watch without having to refer to the directions.Battery Life: If not using notifications, or other features that require a greater use of power, I have gone for two days before I had to recharge it.Charging Dock: The dock is minimalist. It is just large enough to get the task of charging completed. I have to admit, some other manufacturers of Smart watches have some pretty unusual and large docks. The Samsung offering can fit in a small pocket or purse very easily if you need to take it along. Careful though. It is small enough that it would be easy to lose.CONS:Battery Life: If you use messaging, phone, email, and other notifications, you must connect to your phone by Bluetooth. Anyone using Bluetooth enabled devices, knows what a drain it can be on your batteries. Using all of what the watch is capable of, if you tend to get many notifications, can make for the battery having to be recharged in less than a 24 hour period.Qi Quick Charging Pads: The watch is not compatible unfortunately, with Quick Charge Pads.IN SUMMATION: I love this watch. It is easy to use, looks great, allows me to customize the face and bands. This watch deserves your attention and consideration if you are seriously contemplating the purchase of a Smart watch. Refurbished models run as low as $149.00, and $299.00 for a new one.
Great product. Charging dock stopped working second day though. Otherwise I love it
The watch is exactly as advertised. It arrived to me in perfect condition. I would think it was brand-new if it had arrived in the original box. I'm very happy I went this route it saved me over $100.
So far so good. But why did it come in a white box! where is Samsung's original box? In case you want to gift it somebody this WILL NOT WORK!
This watch is great. I have all the Samsung watches and I love them all.
Such a cool accessory. This a fitbit on steroids with all that it can do.
Good stuff!!
I bought a refurbished Gear S2 as a gift for my husband, so I can't comment on the performance, but the quality was perfect. It was in perfect condition and even came with the original box. My husband says it's the best accessory ever and absolutely loves it, so I'll take his word for it. To be honest, I was a little worried he wouldn't use it because he's never had a watch before, but it's 2 months later and he still wears it every day.
Love my S2! Samsung is really getting it right. I've been a Samsung watch owner for years, early adopted all versions and this one just plain works with zero bugs. The application infrastructure is also really become populated nicely!
Wonderful product! It's beautiful and the operating system is so easy to use. This is a Smartwatch with having.
I like this watch and buying the refurbished for 150 cheaper doesn't hurt either. The refurbished was brand new never used, only opened up to take out the official samsung warranty paperwork. I had read samsung was getting rid of some stock by doing this and it appears that is what mine was.
Short and sweet review:I purchased a like new, unlocked version of this phone for $200 - an EXCELLENT deal - in July 2012 because I was ready to make the full switch to Android, but I just didn't have the money for a Galaxy Nexus. You might want to get yourself a nice little case if you ever drop the thing, as well as an additional charger (maybe a car charger) because this battery drains pretty fast. I might be able to go a full day with about 30% battery to spare at the end of the day, but that's ONLY when I sparingly use the device and listen to Google Play Music for roughly two hours or so.In spite of battery drain, I am immensely enjoying the phone. I love all of the Google services that are connected to the device; I love that when I brought it I was one of the few that had Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich off the bat, and now I'm one of the FEWER that has Android 4.1 Jelly Bean. Now ironically, I'd be surprised if I get the next version of Android, because even with Google's "Project Butter", there is still a bit of lag within Chrome, as well as lag when I open and close a few apps. Most of the top notch Android phones these days have 1GB of RAM, and I certainly see the necessity of that as 512MB of RAM (which this phone has) can cause some hiccups on streaming playback which is a nuisance, but hasn't soured me on both the Android and phone experience.Quite frankly, when going for an Android device - either high end or low end - I'd have to recommend to do your research on the pros and cons of what you are looking for. I say this because even though I'm enjoying this phone, many have said that I also have the "patience of Job (biblical character)", and I could see the frequent "pops" during music streaming playback greatly annoying a listener. Also, if you're not deeply ingrained in many of Google's services, you might find it hard to enjoy it or even switch from another service (such as iOS/Apple). Personally, I came from an iPhone 3GS and an iPad, but it was a seamless transition because Google+ backs up all of my photos, all 80GB of my music is on Google Play, and fortunately many of the apps I used on iOS are either on Google's Play Store or there is an Android alternative. I'm not sure if I would recommend this - or any Android phone - to my parents just yet. My biggest concern is the battery drain and I'd have to research a phone that can last a full day without major drain; and that is the key for any person shopping for Android - RESEARCH.I don't know if I'll have this phone by this time next year - hopefully I'll be able to afford the latest Nexus coming out at the end of 2012; or maybe the Galaxy Nexus will be just as wise of a purchase in 2013 as the Nexus S was for me this year in 2012. Either way, I am extremely pleased with my purchase, especially since this is my first Android device and leaves me with an overall positive experience.
Beware - If you are buying from Wire4Less (sams distributions llc) - you might end up getting a refurbished phone.That is what I got, and that is what I am returning.Amazon needs to discipline this "seller" as quickly as possible because I do not want any more customers being misled.- Thank you.
Very advance phone when it was released in Dec. 2010 ... But now in 2012 , networks started to have hogher data speeds and this phone has a data speed limit of around 7 mbit/sec ... Which is the max of most 3G networks . And the modern trend nowadays is the 4G speeds.. If you need something faster in data go with the Galaxy SII or better....Screen is excellen with vivd colors and sharp details...simply Samsung qualityBuild quality is very goodDevice speed and responsiveness is OK but not mind blowing fast !! especially nowadyasCamera is excellent for a cell phone both in stil pic or videosApps compatibility is very good..Most apps would workHas the potential to have all the new updates cause it's a Google deviceWill work only with T Mobile 3G data (NOT AT&T) but can make calls OK with any GSM networkThat's pretty much it..Thanks
The phone is cool and I like it, the delivery is also good even I requested to deliver the goods to my friend's hotel. However I don't know why I can't register this phone at Samsung's website per Google's link, though I don't use it at US but in Malaysia instead. I contact both Amazon & Wireless Everything, but no solution & feedback till to today.
It is quite difficult for the lay-person to figure out this "will it work on AT&T 3G" thing. As another reviewer stated, the phone as advertised will not work on AT&T 3G. However, the phone I purchased is actually sold through Wireless Experts. A day after the order was submitted, I received an email from Wireless Experts asking me to call them. I called and was informed asked if my intention was to use this phone with AT&T, to which my reply was, Yes. The person at Wireless Experts told me the difference between the phones--which basically Amazon lists, but if you don't know what to exactly look for, then you won't know the difference (as I didn't). So, Wireless Experts upgraded my order to a Nexus S that is compatible with AT&T's 3G network--and a white one at that!About the phone, as the title of the review states, it is a great phone. The lack of a MicroSD card slot is really not as bad as what I thought it would be. The majority of files I would put on the phone would be music and pictures -- movies are reserved for my tablet. The phone is easily root-able as well as being easy to unlock the bootloader. If rooting your phone is your thing, and you happen to want to adjust processor speed, one thing I found out while using the SetCPU app (my use is for down-clocking the processor when the screen is off to help save battery) -- well, if you set a profile to down-clock the processor for screen off, DO NOT set the processor to its lowest setting in the profile settings. Doing so will cause your phone not to come back on when you attempt to turn the screen back on and you will have to remove and reinsert the battery to get the phone to come back on. I initially thought I had a defective phone and actually had an RMA set to return the phone, when I found out this little item by accident -- but at the right time! If you use the app, set the processor to 400MHz (400000 on the slider).The rest of the phone is standard Google fare. If you've had any Android phone before this, then this one is no different except for the fact that there is no manufacturer apps or user interface on the phone -- just plain Android, and I like that. Hopefully you would too.
I dont need to talk about the phone becase there are 1000s reviews about it in the youtube and other websitesthe best thing this the best model among the nexus s family I9020saler was very nice and as soon as Iv aske for tracking info he did sent it to me next dayprice is goodcharger 240-110 for me is good because i over seasAndroid OS going to open a lot of options to you ,you can only buy cheap apps from AmazonVS IPhone I will say I saved up to 400$ + more fun + I dont have to buy thing from samsung or others I am free to choose what i whant, not as ApL they force to bay ( Itune ,I....,I,,,) .
Excelente
Nice phone, price and customer service. But device started to give problem with the power button after few weeks. Nothing that couldn't be fix but it takes away the satisfaction of thinking I made such an amazing deal.
The phone has no fault and has the same applications as the nexus 4. It did not show any scratches at the back. I really like it.
The phone was in incredible shape, not a scratch on it. Just fyi, the phone is actually a i9020a which is at&t network only so it can't be used on T-Mobile.
The phone works fine - the gps is not as accurate as the Nexus One made by HTC.I was reluctant to buy a phone from Wire4less after reading all the reviews. I did not received a new factory phone. The phone itself appears new, but it did not have the original seal box. It came with a mytouch (tmobile brand) zipper box, third party battery and oem SAMSUNG charger and cable. Overall, I am content with the purchase.For those that are having a hard time trying to figure out if it works with ATT or TMOBILE, here's two way to tell:1. 3G bands from descriptions. 1700/2100 is for TMOBILE and 1900/2100 is for ATT2. Under "more buying choices" - click on "used and new", the seller usually explicitly tells which version it is and a complete model number.
My phone is in mint condiditon.I live in The Bahamas. I waited an agonizing 2 weeks for its arrival. I ordered it on the 3rd of Feb and its finally here!It was well packaged and came with a cute pocket book that can hold all of the phone accessories as well as the phone.I wish I was able to view the accessories that came with it when I purchased it. I ordered extras but thats fine.I am really enjoying my new Samsung Nexus S!Thanks guys! The wait paid off tremendously!
Hello All,Firstly, there's no problem with the device itself. But, the package that I received did not contain the proper retail packaging of samsung. It had a wall charger, USB connector, NO EARPHONES, phone and a 3 page booklet (being called as manual). I definitely think that there's something wrong with the packaging. I'm returning back the phone for two reasons:1) No earphones included2) Did not work with my TMobile dataplan (3G)RegardsVeldi
Love my new GT-I1920T! It's a little late in the game, but it's the right size for pocket storage, the amoled screen is a pleasure. I am not high tech and this phone was cinch to set up although it had such a large update that it was time consuming. Worth the trouble. I like the fact that I can remove the apps I don't want on the home screen too. Smart and Simple. Good combo for me. It is indeed a T-mobile version of the 1920. Before I ordered I contacted the seller to confirm. Samsung GT - i9020 Google Nexus S - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty (Black)
worked for 11 weeks
Good phone
Just great phone.
Best phone I ever had, I can text and talk without any problemsthe only reason I need a phone.
Initially we got the wrong phone....very disappointing. But a few quick e-mails, 5 days later and we had the right phone. It's nice, good condition, just what we wanted.
I finelly got the phone and although it took some time I am happy with it. My wife had one and now has this one and loves it.
Great battery life. Good standard phone. great for normal usage. just wish I could turn the mobile network off but oh well.
I just bought a Samsung Gavity 3 and I do like the phone. Although I don't like how there is no reject button for unwanted calls or that the emo-cons are plain, I do love how clear the music player sounds and how loud it can get. On my other phone if I received unwanted calls, I could put the number on a block list so whenever they called, it would go straight to voicemail. Still trying everything to see how it works but overall, a great phone. I would recommend this phone.
excellent product, very good at relationship between Quality vs Price, recommended 100%
I bought this phone around this time last year and I've had no problems with it. It's a simple basic phone. The only two issues with this product is that there is no headphone jack (Though you can find the adapter for the piece on amazon for like 3 dollars) and while at work a wood chip wedged behind the camera lense....I have aboslutley no idea how it got there.
Great little easy to use phone, my wife likes it because she can enlarge her text messages to read them easier.
This product was a great deal it works great and I enjoyed the more advanced features compared to the gravity 2
a refurbished item restore to original specs...it works graet..Samsung definitly a leader in cell phone products, better then Iphone it is
I'm so glad I got this phone, it's fantastic. I was about to buy a lower quality device for the same price from the cell phone company. It arrived really quickly too.
If you are going to buy a phone, you do research first. You should know what you are buying before you buy it. This seller is great, the product came in on time and was what it said it was. This does come with a charger because I know I was wondering that. It is not the sellers fault if the product is bad quality, which it isn't, it is your fault for buying it. Great for texting with 4 row qwerty keyboard and good call quality. micro sd input also
The product arrived quickly and works great :) After dropping my previous phone in the water and being unable to salvage it I decided to get the same type of phone. I was worried about buying an unlocked phone but it works great!
Works fine, looks like new
It is a really good value and ideal for meeting our needs. All our relatives live in rural areas in the Philippines where internet access is limited. We stay in tuch with long distance calls and texts. Since we live in Guam we have power outages and typhoons so the long battery life is perfect. It is rugged and dependable.
great!
My sixteen year old son has had this phone for 7 months and it is still going strong. Easily a better purchase than upgrading to a contract with my cell provider. Perfect for texting and phone calls.
I love this phone and went online to order one since they don't make them anymore. Company that sent it, sent one that won't text from the keypad-disappointed with company, not the phone
i love this phone! i have only had it for 2 months now, but think its an incredible phone. i would suggest this phone for kids 10 and up. i have dropped my phone many times now, only to result in minor scratching, but no damage to the phone itself! i highly recommend this phone!!!
The phone is exelent and easy to use, the condition was like new. It arrives exactly in the estimate date.
I am not on the bandwagon. I do not desire at ALL to have a smart phone with the associated $30/month data plan. So this phone is a nice divide between the realms of smart and "dumb" phones. On a trip to Atlanta, I was able to call and have TMobile turn on the data to this phone where I was able to search the internet AND use online maps to find nearby eateries. I was able to use facebook at that time too, but as I don't require that kind of interconnection on a regular basis, I had the data shut off as soon as I got home. What a great phone this has been for me. Full Qwerty, music through the internal speakers. My previous Gravity 3 was stolen so I replaced it with a Gravity 3 and am immensely satisfied. One recommendation: Buy the rubber cover. After 20 or so drops, my screen went white and never recovered. (I'm a dropper. I need a phone that can handle it!)In all, I recommend this one to the non-tech forward crowd, unless you really need Words with Friends at your fingertips!
We bought two of these around a month ago and they are great. Very easy to use and convenient. Well worth the price.
This unlocked T-Mobile phone was exactly as described, except, it said shipping would take 7-10 business days and it arrived in about 3! Super Fast! The item does come with a wall charger and was brand new in the box. Just popped the SIM card in and all was up and running. I think it even came pre-charged. This is a perfect texting phone which I got to replace the phone my daughter broke (which was an earlier model of this same one). Would reccommend this seller and this product.
My wife has had the phone a couple of months now and loves it! She likes the new style and the easyness of the functions of the phone.
good phone!
I was a perfict phone for the wife and she used it in her work for months and then it fell out of her pocket and it was ran over in little pieces. Have another onorder but have read bad reviews on seller hope I get a good one!!!
I have usdd a Samsung Gravity for years until I got it wet. They dont seem to carry them any more so when I found them on Amazon I was happy and the phone I received was just like my old one except it had more features. The shipping was quick and the price was right so I am a happy customer.
I bought this for a twelve year old. It is a great basic phone with the slide out keyboard for text. I have seen a lot of kids with smart phones and cracked screens. This was the best choice for us to be able to keep in touch. It functions well and has a sturdy feel to it. It has a camera as well.
I've had this particular model phone for years, and then it stopped working. T-Mobile no longer carried it, but had one that replaced it. I purchased it, but it had some features which I really hated, so I returned it. Thankfully, I found this one on amazon and was so happy. I just prefer a very basic/simple phone vs the fancy and expensive touch screened ones. So, this phone is perfect for me. Thank you so much!
I bought three of these - some here and one on E-Bay as the ones in Amazon kept rising in price. They work with T-Mobile and are easy to set up. But I will tell you if you kid is expecting an iPhone - this is not it. It is a good phone for texting and calling. You can even put music and videos on it. However many of the songs I placed on them would not work or play - and no the where not license protected songs.
The phone took to long to come....but it was in great new condition. Will order again in the near future.
this phone is so great. perfect for people who don't want a smartphone and has a nice keyboard thats easy to use
It's not a smartphone and it doesn't cost like a smartphone. Bought it because I liked my prev gravity phone, which died of old age. This one has a bigger screen and some small keyboard changes I'm still getting used to - reason for one star downgrade. From what I've seen, it's the only option on the market that is not a smartphone, but has a keyboard that is easy to use, which is what I was looking for.
This phone is doing well for the things I use it for - mainly texting and some calling. I like the slide which provides the qwerty keyboard which is easier for me to use.
I love this phone...I have been in love with it! It's simple, easy and fun to text with .. I deffinetly recognmend it
I bought this for my daughter who has decided she does needs a phone that works...it works and she loves it!
Not everyone likes or needs a smart phone, they might be way more than needed. My Mom loved this phone from the day she got it, and asked me to get her a back up just in case hers dies off. I found it easy to set up, easy to use, and the voice quality is good as well. My Mom had her original one for nearly two years with zero problems, and the new one looks like it's going to go the distance as well. Replacement batteries and chargers are also very cheap, and so are protector covers.So if a simple, easy to use messaging phone is all you need, then try this one out, it's a great phone for the money!
Good phone.I love down loading music on it and listening to it all night.The keyboard works good.I wish I could scan things with it.It Is serving It's purpose but I think it Is time for an more updated model.
I bought this phone for my 12yr old she loves it. The phone has many apps and easy to navigate. Good buy!
I had one before for 3 years and love it! It lasted even with a toddler. Had to get a new one because the screen quit being responsive. The phone survives a lot and keeps on going. I love it and found it affordable.
I am not going to get into the software and functionality of the Phone. There are better places to do that research (Cnet.com, Android Authority ect)... The phone was brand new in the box with all required accessories and packed well and arrived quickly. However the description does not mention the color you will receive and the picture shows a Grey / Black phone. What I received was labeled as pink, although it is more of a reddish. Not that bed, had it been pink we would have had a problem!
Not bad but too small
i love it
Although it is a 3g phone, I guess I am in the minority since I still prefer to type on a keyboard as oppose to touching a screen all the time. It is becoming rare to find phones made like this.
I have had three of these phones and the first two broke fair and square (lol). I see a lot of people complaining about the phone not working or freezing.... I dont know what these guys are doing with this phone but its not really an app/gaming/movie/mod/memory guzzling intensive device. It's a gravity series for petes sake. Its REALLY GOOD for listening to music, creating ringtones, playing the first angry birds, doodle jump, and using the internet.Get a Samsung tablet if you want to do some app intensivve things.Or read a book. Like an actual book.
nice cell theprice was great works wonderful i recommond it. it came on time i love the cell phone features
I would recommend this phone for anyone needing a replacement. Good quality and price, but not enough storage space for apps. Take into consideration a micro sd card for more storage.
This phone works perfectly and has been easy on drops as in few scratches, this was bought for someone else but I have seen it constantly.
I loved the phone it works great it was really cheap and everything was there I I I I I liked it
It's good,ok.
The phone was exactly as shown and met my expectations. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
Great deal!
Fabulous!!!
wish they still made this model. I bought it for my dad and it's the only phone he'll tolerate. seller bent over backward to help me due to it being a used phone.
love the QWERTY keyboard
Great phone. I have never used a smart phone. I was still rockin' my flip phone when it broke. So I didn't want anything with a ton of bells and whistles to it. All I need is an alarm, calling, and the occasional text. This does the job. It takes decent photos, nothing to brag about but you can see what you were taking a photo of. However, don't plan on sending those pictures to anyone. Even though the phone allows you to attach a photo into a text, and even though it says that the text was sent, the person never receives the text. Not the words or the picture. So if all you are looking for is an old school slide phone, then this is a great model.
Great delivery great product
I purchased this phone because I dropped the one similar to this model in water. There was a specific feature I was looking for and that was an alert tone that will continually repeat the alert every minute for texts and voice mails. That's important to me because I don't have to look at my phone all the time if I'm out of hearing range. The keys on the phone for texting are much easier to press than my previous phone that costs over twice as much from TMobile. The keys are a bit rounded which makes pressing them easier. Also this phone has to be manually locked by pressing the star button so if you don't want it locked it isn't automatic. For me that was a plus. This is an easy phone to use and text with, not for people who want all the features of an IPhone, but for someone that doesn't need the internet on their phone. A great value!
it is the best phone i had my old one broke so i had to get a new one which is the same as my old one but diffrent color but it is an outstanding phone cant wait till it comes
For those looking for a phone that serves the purpose of talking and texting, this is the one. It is dependable, to easy to carry but with great output. The only problem is that the battery lasts for about two hours.
Needed a phone for my nephew that wasn't a data plan, but had a keypad for texting. This was recommended and he loves it.
I really like the keybard aspect for texting. I'm still trying to figure out a few things like how to save phone numbers to my sim card.
talks well. some buttons are hard to work.
Bought this for my 13 year old son in June and use US Mobile as the carrier. It has lasted for almost 6 months now and is still going! The battery lasts a long time too. Could last all day when fully charged.
good phone. good quality. used it as a replacement phone and had no issues at all!!
Works awesome!
overall good phone.
not a smartphone but it'll do.
Beautiful small phone
WHEN YOU DON'T WANT TO SPEND A LOT OF MONEY ON A SMART PHONE THIS ONE DOES GREAT!!! USING IT FOR TALK AND TEXT ONLY. COMPUTERS DO BETTER WITH THE DATA SIDE... THE PRICE IS ALSO GREAT!!!
It's a basic "Slider", does what its supposed to do and still is doing just that. My husband loves it.
It turned out to be as I anticipated.
I know everybody is into smartphones, but as little as I use this phone works great for me
Good as listed. Nice phone. Keyboard is small but that's expected on old phones.
Great phone. It atrived right on time.
Great feature phone for the price
AmazingWorks greatinexpensiveLike new
Good Phone. Not too fancy, durable. The thing in the middle used for control is a little finicky. But a good phone for texting.
I bought this phone for my 14 year old son and he loves it. Great option if you want an up to date durable phone.
Beautiful small phone
WHEN YOU DON'T WANT TO SPEND A LOT OF MONEY ON A SMART PHONE THIS ONE DOES GREAT!!! USING IT FOR TALK AND TEXT ONLY. COMPUTERS DO BETTER WITH THE DATA SIDE... THE PRICE IS ALSO GREAT!!!
It's a basic "Slider", does what its supposed to do and still is doing just that. My husband loves it.
It turned out to be as I anticipated.
I know everybody is into smartphones, but as little as I use this phone works great for me
Good as listed. Nice phone. Keyboard is small but that's expected on old phones.
talks well. some buttons are hard to work.
Bought this for my 13 year old son in June and use US Mobile as the carrier. It has lasted for almost 6 months now and is still going! The battery lasts a long time too. Could last all day when fully charged.
good phone. good quality. used it as a replacement phone and had no issues at all!!
Works awesome!
overall good phone.
not a smartphone but it'll do.
I bought this for my daughter who prefers a flip-phone over a standard smart phone. The battery life on this phone is phenomenal in that she can easily go two days between charges. It does everything she wants it to do, and probably a lot more.
love the big buttons and pretty pink color. main problem is that it does not display the number calling in on the outside which i needed because i need to screen my calls. camera could be better but is passable. overall the phone performs well
Looks cute and works well. This is exactly what I expected from this kind of cell phone. I also think it will work for a very long time.
Simple phone easty to use. Was just what I was looking for.Great battery life and easy to operate. Just as described.
Needed a phone for calls and texts. It works fine and has a nice color, I am pleased with this order, thanks
gave it 4 stars because my expectations were not high. I knew I was not ordering a smart phone, and I got what I ordered. The plusses, for me, are the size - I always carry it in a pocket and it fits nicely. It's a nice color, the clarity is good, and it is simple to use. It is exactly what I was looking for. I would have given it 5 stars, but I was disappointed that there were not many ring options....silly me. No real negatives other than that.
it is a gift and it work great
It works well with international sim cards e.g. Nigeria but why I gave it it four stars is the volume, not loud enough during calls.
This phone is as wonderful as you see it except I have a floral artwork on mine. So, it's much better than the picture. Some of the programs are not what I am used to and so it will take time to get used to a different way of doing things. Well worth the price!
This is probably the best feature phone out there. Works just about anywhere except the Far East. No external buttons means it is impossible to butt dial! Not a smart phone (no touch screen), but it has more apps than usual and runs a very long time on a charge - about a week of standby.It takes up to a 16GB micro SD. With that you can use it as an MP3 player or movie player. Movie files have to be reduced to 320x240 at 15 fps, but are quite watchable. The camera is only 1.3 M pixel but has much better sensitivity than the 1.3 M pixel camera on other phones I have used. And for an unlocked 4-band phone the price is right.One caveat, this is a Southeast Asian market phone. Samsung in the USA doesn't have a clue about it.
Great product for this price although it only support English and Spanish.
Numbers are large and easy for her arthritic hands to dial, mjuch better phone than she had before and better sound.
I had no problem setting this phone up for my elderly mother. (She lives in Florida and has since messed up the ringer and the voicemail. Don't ask me how she managed that!) I take away one point because I had to use a green marker and a red marker on the lines for answering a call and ending a call. That shouldn't be necessary. The lines should be red and green like on all these flip phones. (Remember, I bought this for an elderly person. They didn't grow up with this technology and it's not instinctive to them) Also, it doesn't have date, time and who's calling on the outside of the phone, which would be much better.
Got as a replacement for my mother in law's Motorola RAZR. For an older woman she likes the larger buttons and easier depressibility as well as the better reception (than she had with the RAZR) so far. Working quite well on T-Mobile.
CONS:Lacks external screen and camera, a bummer for some people, (but these are not features my wife wanted)Rarely sold in the USA, so few places can repair it, especially under warrantyMost functions are buried inside of nested menusRadio relies on headphone cable as an antenna, Software disables FM capability when no phones are plugged inNo true smart phone featuresGSM only handset will not work on a CDMA network (Verizon, Sprint, etc in the USA)Camera is so-so in low light.PROS:Readily accessible micro SD card to store music etc. (no special tool needed like my iPhone)Available in several colors from stogy black to garish red/pink which my wife loved at first sight (easy to find in a big purse)Cheap - one tenth the cost of an iPhoneReputable brand and model in the southern hemisphereFM radios are rare in cell phones, this one has not only a radio, but a sensitive radio that grabs weak stations from out of towntexture of case makes it easy to grasp.Display is big and bright.Battery life so far has been above averageUser can select favorite functions as icons to be displayed on the home screen avoiding multi-layered menusIf my employer did not insist that I carry their iPhone, I would probably buy one (in a more subtle color) for myself.Charges from a computer, a hand cranked flashlight, or a great variety of USB chargers using a 95 cent USB to micro USB cableWorks with mic/earphones from an iPhone, Skull Candy, and any other type with an 1/8 inch plugFor music playback works with any standard 1/8 inch headphones or earbuds or plays through the Aux input on our carWorks with AT&T, T-Mobil, Vodaphone, Nextel, and probably any GSM carrier using the most common bands
I LOVE TO USE THIS PHONE HAT I GOT FROM YOU ALLIT IS THE ONE FOR ME TO USE.
This phone was purchased for a very close friend of mine that wanted a basic unlocked phone phone. So for her birthday, I purchased this phone and tested it out thoroughly before presenting her with the phone. What did I discover? This somewhat rugged cellphone is a great find for today, the day of the touch phones and I will list some of the other great features.**If you already have an active Sim card from another phone, you can take it out of the old phone and place it in this phone and it will work.** Or you can buy a NEW GSM Sim card as AT&T or T-Mobile and activate the Sim card in this phone online or call the provider and they will activate the Sim card for you. Please see the comment section below as I explain further.Pros:- Easy to set up this phone (but I had to input the APN settings (I have settings for AT&T or T-Mobile or Straight Talk) for MMS and Internet. (Ask me in the comments and I will send you the information on how to do this).- Other Features of this Phone:This phone comes with a wonderful music player, so so camera, Bluetooth, FM Radio, and Internet capabilities (it does not have WiFi).- One of my favorite things is that the battery lasted a full day without the need to charge it and I played music for hours on the music player.- Easy to use and almost carefree flip phone!Would this phone be good for your needs? Well, here is a checklist that so you can determine one way or another if this is a good phone choice. (If you can answer YES to one of these three types of uses, then this may be the phone for you or someone as a gift).1) Anyone who wants a Phone, Phone with no bells and whistles that is easy to set up and use! This is a carefree, no fancy stuff type of phone. If you just want the basics in a phone: Flip phone style, MP3 (music player), camera, FM Radio, this is the phone for you. (This phone does not have WiFi, but it does allow you to get on the internet, if you have APN settings set up).2) People who want the basic type of phone that you can use for PrePaid minutes or GoPhone minutes with ANY GSM provider with no contract such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Simple Mobile, etc. I would advise one of these as they just need to be added to once a year:3) A young child that wants a first cellphone just to text on, make phone calls, listen to FM Radio or listen to MP3 songs! This phone is so so easy to set up and use. This is for someone who just needs to make phone calls sometimes and does NOT need to get on the Internet (data). It does NOT have WiFi in this phone. But it can be set up with APN settings to use data if you have a data plan with AT&T, T-Mobile etc.4) You really need a very basic phone that you can go on a GoPhone or Pre-paid (No contract and no data plan).Both AT&T and T-Mobile offer prepaid minutes of 1,000 minutes good for ONE YEAR for just $100 per year--this is just 10 cents per minute for phone calls with NO CONTRACT! As far as costs for text messages, AT&T charges 20 cents to receive and 25 cents to send (Ouch), these come out of your minutes balance. T-Mobile is cheaper for texts, they just charge 10 cents to receive and I think it is 20 cents to send.When you get the YEARLY PREPAID of just $100 with either AT&T or T-Mobile, this is the CHEAPEST way to go if you do not need lots of minutes and the cost is LESS THAN $10 per month.Thank you for reading this review, if you have any questions, please ask in the comments and I will be happy to answer all questions...
As I keep my phone in my pocket I love that it does not have any exterior buttons that can get accidently pressed, even the on screen ones, as my other phones did, even with the 'lock' feature on. I don’t know how many pictures of the inside of my pocket I have had to delete. And being a clam shell phone the screen does not get scratched by keys kept in the same pocket.
Excellent for what I wanted. Only rated it as a 4 star because of the limited ring tones and message alert tones. Other than that - love it!
excellent product is in very good condition because I get everything perfect and I am very pleased with the seller because all the products specified characteristics are equal to the publication. very good product I am very pleased with my purchased item
Wonderful flip phone! Unlocked version. The only reason I did not give this a 5 star rating is because the camera is low quality but is IS a phone! Pretty, easy to read and easy to navigate! I would definitely order this again!
The Samsung GT-C3520 is an awesome device for any user that just needs a phone. I bought this device specifically for my grandmother who only needs a phone phone. The call quality was clear when using the device (AT&T 3G with four bars out of five service) and simply does just that. Make phone calls. The best part about this is that it is an unlocked device so you may take this to any GSM provider around the world or even in the United States (AT&T, T-Mobile USA, TracFone, Straight Talk, etc...) by inserting the appropriate SIM card. I myself have done this in many foreign countries and have saved a ton of money in roaming charges.Some extras on the device include:-microSD: store photos and music to listen on the go. Great for listening to tunes on the go.-Bluetooth: Connect it to any Bluetooth device such as a headphone for hands-free calling or Bluetooth speakers-FM Radio: If you like listening to radio instead of stored music, this is great too.-It's a phone: This mobile device puts forward the feature that a phone should be built around on. Actually making a phone call.-Old Person Friendly/Kid's First Phone: The interface is easy enough for a senior to navigate and use the device. It also doubles a great starter mobile for kids so they can keep in contact with you while also being able to listen to their music too without lugging around an extra iPod or MP3 player.Overall, it is great for seniors, being the first phone for your kid, or for your vacation to keep in touch without racking up huge phone bills.
Nice phone, cheap price with a very good outlook and easy to use it. Very good for a person who is not familiar with the screen touched phone.
Took a while to arrive but has been great, she loves it & she knows how to use it. Everybody wins!
I love this phone. I just wanted something simple and I wanted something that would close completely so that the other things in my purse would not scratch and mess it up. Also - I have not had any problems with this phone being unlocked. My husband has probably purchased about a dozen different phones from online sellers who say the phone is new and unlocked. This is never the case. None of the phones are truly new and if they are they are not a good qulity version even when they are advertised as being the U.S. version (they are not). This phone was exactly as advertised - it's simple and easy and has no problems whatsoever.
Was the right gift for my farther for the holidays. He is in his sixty's and doesn't really like cellphones, but got this on the chance that he may like it , and all I can say it's a" winner"
It full filed my expepections, it has been in use under a local carrier digitel with no problems here in Venezuela. Nice size and enough for my daily use.
I needed a quick purchase of a phone, for an affordable price, after my iPhone 4S was destroyed. I'm very happy with this phone as a replacement.
A little bit slowly, although very good. This mobile as I expected it is very good here in Brazil, I recommend you to buy.
It was delivered fast and it was unused in the original box. It looks great in Titanium, better looking than on the picture. I do not know how the French Orange mobile phones end-up in the USA, but the phone is at a great price and works as expected. Would buy from this supplier (Top10Cell) again.
It is what I needI found this product on the web, good price good quality.I ordered an unlocked phone and in deed it works very well in Ecuador.
I like this cell phone because is big enough, and very funtional. It arrived in perfect condition, i recomend buy one
I'm very satisfied with this phone and delivery too. It was delivered on time and I like so much this color because it's very elegant.Just one thing, you should describe product's details much better (be more specific), preferably all technical details (how many camera MP, ram, cpu, etc)... The rest, everything ok.
Telephone delivered quickly. Good and inexpensive model. The only thing - I can not delete the previously installed application. But I figure it out
excellent, we are very happy
nice phone
perfect
Excelente producto
excelente
Excelente
good quality product
Nice
excellent
Very nice high quality
Excellent
Excelnte
Buen telefono recomendado
Lo esperado.
excelent!
Great phone, no complaints. I believe it may be an international version, but it works fine and has an English option. I use it for AT&T. It has a sim card port so I can easily switch phones without having to have AT&T activate it. The plug for the charger is in the format for the US outlets.
RECOMMENDED OPERATING IN PERFECT THANKS
excelente
excelente
excellent
Excelente!
i like it
Bought it for my daugther. Full set of last features. Good battery life. Perfect compromise between scren size, legibility and portability.
Excelent
perfect
Good product!!
xcellent product thanks
EXCELENTE.
excelente
Excelent
Excelente
It is a fine cell phone, small and light but with all the needed functions. It works fine for me, I recommend it.
I really like this phone. I've been using it about a month and a half now. I have t-mobile and actually didn't have to change the settings for my mobile data or pictures messages to send, which was nice.It's a pretty small phone, which is convenient, but it's still big enough for texting and browsing the internet. I've never used swype input on the keyboard in the past, but I've started using it on this phone and really enjoy it. I think it is because the screen is small enough to swype quickly.It has a camera on the front and a camera on the back. The back one is 5 MP, which is decent, takes pretty nice pictures. The front camera takes pictures like you would expect from a front facing camera. It has a flash, which is nice.Overall, for the price, this phone is more than worth it. Most unlocked phones (that are android and good) are normally ridiculously priced, so I was glad to pick up this phone for a cheap price.
It's everything I want in a smart phone. It does have a few french aps to ignore, but that's no big deal. I like the small size. I'm glad I bought it.
nothing much to say about this unit. i love the colour... as the grey ones arent popular here. phone works well. think my uncle will be happy with this.
I love this phone. It took me a minute to figure out how to set it for English as it comes in French. Also I can't get 3g on my network with this phone so I can't use video calls minus that I love the phone.
This is an excellent mobile. Its fast, comfy, easy to navigate... The perfect phone for everyone! I love it so much
Everything about this phone is great. Speed, screen, features, size, etc. Specially size, as I do not like phone sizes like the normal S3 or S4. The only drawback I find on this model is it does not have a stock Android.
the phone is perfect, works very well, has a good size, very fast, i liked very much the touch screen
I check the equipment and fulfilled my expectations, I recommend it, I like all of the smartphone very good I'm happy
got the phone on time, great phone, great for its price and good for the people that doesnt like huge phones, the size is great not too small or big, and its good for the price i paid
A very complete and good looking smartphone. My wife love it because make her life more easy, taken photos, schedule her week, keep in touch with her family and friends.
I really liked this phone. Fast, powerful and despite not being very fond of huge phones...with time...you get used to it. And it's a mini, it's not as big as an S3 or S4.Responds fast and the battery last a full day. This will depend on how much you use it, if you navigate, listen to music, call or text.I mustly text, tweet and send and receive pictures, and by the end of the day the battery is at around 10%.If you can charge it at the office, then even better. But that's common with todays phones.This model came with NFC and S-Beam
I recommend this product very good it will meet your needs. It should be sold with other color cases but it is still worthy.
You have apps here you won't use if you're in the U.S. but it's unlocked and rooting it was no problem.
Its size is perfect for my handbag, and it has all the apps I needed. It's camera has a high definition and I think the relationship cost/benefit is very good.I would recommend it.
I bought a similar phone from a different provider for a relative and having the phone being factory unlocked makes a huge difference.Just what I wanted!
This is a very good phone. It has not given me any issues since July of 2013 that I bought it. Let us see how long it lasts.
i buy 2 set for b, day gift to my dear wife and dougther...was very suprise for them coz for long time using black berry.. well it's the about change to android's phones....!
Just bought as a gift.received in 2 days paying the minimum at shipping choice.phone is great,no complains at all.the person who got it on its birthday just love it,couldn't be happier.
I bought this phone for my wife as a Valentine's Day gift to replace her failing BB. She was reluctant to make the switch to Android, but now she has seen the light and is perfectly happy with it. We've had no issues with it so far, though I know of other Galaxy phones that have had some issues with certain apps. I have another type of Android but those apps work fine on my phone. Go figure. But this thing is very powerful and is a lot of phone for the money.
I just upgraded from a HTC Wildfire S, and I'm so glad I did! The only problem with this phone was that it was an international model, so I had to adjust many settings (including time to 12 hours instead of 24 and celsius to farenheit). It also didn't come with an English manual. It came with an European charger as well, which living in the U.S., was pointless for me. But it did come with a separate USB cable that I just plugged into a USB wall port to charge it on the day it came. It works fine, as I set the language to English, U.S. The cell phone is perfect for my use! The cell phone itself is not to blame for the certain adjustments I had to make by being an American resident, so I gave it 5 stars. I would recommend, however, searching for an American model (if there is one) as opposed to this international model that I received if you are a U.S. resident. Otherwise, it's an amazing phone with many great features. I have T-Mobile and it works great. I do not regret purchasing this phone at all!
I have not had one complaint about this samsung mini. It works perfectly for all the necessities in which I use them for
I love great products I recommend.for Venezuelans who want to buy is safe. works great in Venezuela for movilnet line works well.
EXCELLENT TELEPHONE, 100 PERCENT RECOMMEND IT TO ALL MY FRIEND OF VENEZUELA YOU SAVE MONEY, JUST HAVE TO PUT THE CHIP AND READY
This product is everything I expected, is exactly as described by the seller 100% recommend it to everyone who purchased a mobile practice, fast, lightweight, good size and above all very stylish, provides high quality calls, navigation and other tasks for which it is made ... Samsung Galaxy Mini Tremendous Phone and android is the maximum
It works perfectly in Venezuela.I had a little problem with de wall charger... It doesn't work, I have to use the USB cable... But the phone it's really great.
excelente producto
Reviewed as a "mid-level" smartphone . I cant imagine why . Dimensions are perfect. Fits unobtrusively in even small pockets . Easily visible in all light conditions . and best of all . . . . it does everything the way you would expect a smartphone to , capably ! I have several apps installed that have caused no noticeable loss of speed or performance . Wi-Fi and Bluetooth performance are easy to pair and connect quickly . At less than two hundred fourty bucks . This phone is a massive buy .
nice cellphone, the only thing is that it isn't unlocked from fabric, it was made for orange and after it was unlocked, but it's fine anyway
This is a great phone. I work overseas and I dont use cellphone because where I work, lets just say we dont have reception. So when I go on R&R I need to get back in civilitation, since even the elementary kids have cellphones I need to comunicate with my people. I choose this one because Iphone get on my last nerve, and this one its pretty easy to handle, also its unlocked, which make is a lot easier for me to go any country, just change the SMS card and voala, I have a phone. Lots of features, pretty easy to handle and I recdommende it.
Everything arrived as expected, without fail, a day as he said, good price, serious and responsible in all cases recommend!.
Great replacement for my older Samsung running android 2. Took my older sim card without any problem and that was what I needed.
I like the product, but it came with icons and welcome screen from the Orange carrier. That is not in the product description and that I didn't like it.
Its small compact and the speed is nice for every day life.I recommend this phone for first time android users
Good phone, fast and efficient enough for the average user, only problem to me is the size of the keyboard when typing
Phone new and in perfect condition. Is consistent with the description of amazon. With all accessories, and security seal. Thanks
I love this smartphone because:Slim.Cheap.Fast.Android.Its PERFECT!!Totally recommended.And waiting for Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini.
I dont like the large phones which are like small tablets. This replaced my HTC Aria (Liberty). Its a little bigger than it and I wish it was the same size but I'm very happy with it and the screen is far superior, as are the processor and on board memory.Phone that I received was an Orange (France) model but was in English when I powered it on.
Bought it from Open Group Wireless. Sent to NJ.Sealed box, brand new, from Orange. Only has a tiny orange logo on the back and some orange apps but it doesn't bother me.When turned on, the default language was French, but it comes with easy instructions to change it.I think the phone is perfect for its price. I'm in Uruguay, and it works fine, conected as soon as I put my sim card in.
Very easy to use (open the box, place your chip and that's all)The only problem is that instruction are in frech without translation
THIS SAMSUNG EXCEED MY EXPECTATIONS!!! GOOD SIZE, PERFECT WEIGHT, A GREAT SMART PHONE....APPS WORKS FAST AND CLEAR!!!VIDEO AND PHOTOS ARE GREAT!!!
========== ATTENTION ==========If you order from Open Group Wireless, you will get the newer GT-I8190N which includes NFC. Also, the phone will have Orange branding on it (back cover), an Orange boot-screen and Orange bloatware accompanied by the typical 
This smartphone is incredible. Is a mini computer in your pocket. With thousands of applications for everybody. I recommend because this is the next generation of smartphones.
Okay, so I bought the item from Open Group Wireless (Amazon fulfilled). It is Unlocked & International version with NFC. The phone came with French language or something by default with instructions on how to turn it into English.The Phone came in a black box that said Orange on it. It also has some Orange Bloatware on it.To those expecting a Factory Unlocked Clean Phone, this is not that phone. This is an unlocked phone that was suited for Orange. It is possible this phone rolled out of the Factory unlocked, thus they call it Factory Unlocked.The unit I got has been opened for Open Group to put in the flat plug to round plug adaptor. That way, we can plug it into our flat plugs for 110v. The phone charger itself is auto volt.There appeared to be some minor finger print smudges on the phone it self and a very tiny scuff on the back of the phone. I would have been happier if it came brand new and sealed from the factory.For everything it is and it can do, It's fair enough. Its still way better than a contract phone.
I received the item next day as requested and so far it has been working really well. It has froze up a few times when switching from one screen to another. I am liking this phone alot.
This device is really everything you read there. Fast, light, efficient, beautiful screen, excellent sound. I'm very pleased with it.
el vendedor lo publica como "factory unlocked" cuando no lo es, la caja venia sellada pero con el logo de Orange una empresa telefonica europea, cuando encendi el telefono este mostros el logo de Orange por lo que considero que Orange lo modifico previamente, no es Factory unlocked!!! a demas del idioma que android era Frances, me tomo algo de tiempo poner en Español.y el telefono detecta solo 4GB memoria de almacenamiento cuando en la pagina de samsung dice que el galaxy mini S3 solo existen veriones de 8GB y 16GB.estoy muy desepcionado, el que no sea factory unlocked no me molesta tanto pero si el que tenga solo 4GB de almacenamiento.the seller is published as "factory unlocked" when it is not, the box came sealed but with the logo of Orange a European telephone company, when I turned on the phone it showed the logo of Orange so I think that Orange previously modified it, not is Factory unlocked! besides the android language was French, I take some time to put in Spanish.and the phone detects only 4GB storage memory when the Samsung website says the "mini galaxy S3" only exist verions 8GB and 16GB.I am very disappointed, which is not factory unlocked not bother me so much but if you have only 4GB of storage.
I bought it to my daughter and she loved! It's very fast, light but is important to buy a cover case to protect it.
I live in venezuela and I have to wait my sister to como to have it.I hope Iwill love it!
Bought it from Wireless Everything. They had good ratings overall which encouraged me. Very vast shipping. Phone came with a U.S. electricity power supply, no international sockets although it came with a separate international adapter outside the phone box. No seal on the box but the phone was brand new with all wrapping. When turned on, the language was defaulted to English U.S., you just click OK. Color looks fantastic, way better than white or blue. Phone made in China, not Korea, or at least this color. I hope it hold for a while. Not sure yet about the quality of the battery. I will update my review in few weeks.
for a person that seldon uses a cell phone, this one is easy to use.i recomended . is a good product
the cellphone is fine and complete my requeriments!! i like it,i am from Venezuela and works perfectly corre thanks so much
Phone is beautiful. Came on time. Only for European use, no English instructions. Good for use in Israel. Please read description carefully to be sure that the phone is right for your country. Thanks!
You might specify it is from orange company next time, and the back cover migth say it's actually just grey plastic. I will recomend it to other people without smatphones, it's good.
All good, excellent phone, size and battery ok and no carriers logo. Recommended if you want a cheap powerful phone
Okay, so the phone is awesome. I am an avid iphone user but didn't think the 4s or 5 was worth the upgrade. Plus I can purchase this phone unlocked for 300 bucks and use it when I am in the States or Mexico. The one caveat is this one, (the I8190), won't work with 3g data speeds. You will get Edge data speeds but if you want 3G Data in Mexico Telcel, or At&t in the US, you will need the I8190-L. That model has the 850 band that is essential to the Telcel and At&t 3G network data speeds. If I am mistaken on this fact, please correct me, however my research (and experience) spoke to this being true.Bottom line is the phone functions flawlessly and the Android OS is a breeze. Very easy to learn even if you are accustomed to iOS from Apple. Also has a few great features like NFC, toggling wireless and bluetooth and gps connections from the home screen; also a really useful feature of text to call where if you are texting someone and want to call them, you just lift the phone to your ear and after a 1 second delay it automatically dials them. Seemed trivial at first but I found myself using it all the time.The camera is great, although I never used it for video calls because I am married to facetime. Other than that, I highly recommend this model if your local network supports it or the "-L" model for use in the States and Mexico. Great user experience!
100% recommended excellent article, a safe way to make purchases through the internet I recommend to my fellow Venezuelans yes
Excelente #Venezuela
Good
Excellent
espectacular
Excelente
thank very good
Excellent , it's just what I expected
very good
good
made this purchase and still have this phone up to today. still works like a charm
GOOD PHONE
good
excellent phone.
Excellent model. Great expectation
Excelente
Excelente
good product
en buen estado, sellado, buena calidad, puntuales, perfecto, atentos, confaibles, en resumen si es lo que esperaba que llegara .
Very nice gadget.No trouble at all.i have this phone over two years and its still going on.I used it to do just the same as the mother phone, only difference is the camera, but its just ok for its size.
Good shopping
Very Good.
The product arrived on time and it was working as expectedThe price was goo I'm happy with this product
excellent product all well
excelente telefono
So far so good. I think it was an excelent purchase.
Exellent
excelente producto,telefono tal cual lo publicado.
good
This is a great purchase, no dought.small powerful great design. I am very happy with it.so far I have bought 3. Works great in Venezuela
The best phone ever created (After S3 and S4), Cheap, Fast and Stylish adquisition!. nothing to envy to its elder brothers!
Excellent choiceNice color and practical functions this equip is perfect size for urban style. From Venezuela very recommend that is for you
I love this phone. It's a nice size, weight and has a beautiful screen. It has most of the features of my larger note 2 phone. It works very well and does everything I need it to do. It fits deeper into my shirt pocket than the note2 so if I'm doing something more active I usually take the "mini". It's screen is actually larger than the I phone 4.
I'm in the South East U.S.A. and I was concerned about purchasing the phone because most of the comments were about phone use in South America and over seas. I am using Simple Mobile unlimited pre-paid which utilizes the T-Mobile network.The Phone works fine! At first the battery life was horrible but once I turned off services like "location", "wi-fi", "auto-updates", the battery lasts for days. Charging it all the way and letting it go completely dead a few times also helps extend battery life.Internet is fast, app switching seems fine, no complaints from me. Other reviews claimed it paled in comparison to the S3 but I'm not seeing much of a difference. It does all I need it to. To be fair, I'm not one of those people who use their phone like a personal computer. I talk, text, and pretty much that's it. I might look up some driving directions occasionally and watch a youtube video here and there. So far doing those things have been a breeze. Haven't tried games or pandora and all that other jazz, just not into it.If you are a person who just needs to talk and text with occasional internet usage, but you don't want to pay $600 for a phone, this is the way to go! The size it awesome it doesn't look like I'm talking into a tablet! LOL
Nice phone; for the money I invest on it, it gives me what I need. The color is what I like more.
excellent product but i need to know if i can blocked this cellphone at least for internet service and aslo other features
It's the best. It has all I wanted..I used in other country and it functioned.. It arrived on time, it came with protector, it was for free.
i bought this phone and got the chance to use it for several month and loved it, i just sold it but only because im gonna get the s4 mini jeje not for any other reason. the seller and item both recommended
Really nice phone. I bought two of these, for my daughter and son. Perfect size for pocket use. They both love it.
Very good seller good product and I recommend it 100% to the community, an excellent and functional phone with all operators and very fast and easy handling. regards
We received the phones extremely fast. They work fine with straight talk. Everything went smoothly to add them to the account. I did have to have straight talk walk me through how to change a setting to be able to send picture messages, but it was very easy. We love the phones. We chose these over the iPhone s3 because of the functions we wanted on it. We can Skype with the front facing camera. The calendar, e-mail, etc. sync just fine. Has tons of fun features to make using it easy. Overall we are very happy with this purchase and the seller.
very good
RECOMENDADO
It is great, I ve been using it daily for more than a year an work perfectly, very fast and Play store offer many goord applications
Excelente telefono
as expected even better than I thought, thank you .. very good quality product ... thanks for fulfilling my expectations .. thank you very much ..
Very good. Keep their promises in the publication. Excellent mobile Samsung I8190 GT-I8190 S3 Mini Unlocked in relation to cost.
bueno
honestly, this phone is an AMAZING phone!!! so much better than I expected it to be considering some of the nasty reviews I had read about it..Especially if you learn how to root it and get Cyanogen 11 running on there, I promise you it will be running faster and better than any other phone you have used. Promise =]Also, if you're into custom roms and android development and stuff like that, they have a lot of different roms and mods out there for this phone.. TONS of development.I also enjoy the fact that it's not a super tiny screen but also not so huge that it almost looks like a Tablet like those note phones.. LOL.anwyasy, awesome phone! i recommend.
nice phone
perfect
Excelente producto
excelente
Excelente
good quality product
Nice
excellent
Very nice high quality
Excellent
Excelnte
Buen telefono recomendado
Great phone, no complaints. I believe it may be an international version, but it works fine and has an English option. I use it for AT&T. It has a sim card port so I can easily switch phones without having to have AT&T activate it. The plug for the charger is in the format for the US outlets.
Was the right gift for my farther for the holidays. He is in his sixty's and doesn't really like cellphones, but got this on the chance that he may like it , and all I can say it's a" winner"
It full filed my expepections, it has been in use under a local carrier digitel with no problems here in Venezuela. Nice size and enough for my daily use.
I needed a quick purchase of a phone, for an affordable price, after my iPhone 4S was destroyed. I'm very happy with this phone as a replacement.
A little bit slowly, although very good. This mobile as I expected it is very good here in Brazil, I recommend you to buy.
It was delivered fast and it was unused in the original box. It looks great in Titanium, better looking than on the picture. I do not know how the French Orange mobile phones end-up in the USA, but the phone is at a great price and works as expected. Would buy from this supplier (Top10Cell) again.
It is what I needI found this product on the web, good price good quality.I ordered an unlocked phone and in deed it works very well in Ecuador.
I like this cell phone because is big enough, and very funtional. It arrived in perfect condition, i recomend buy one
I'm very satisfied with this phone and delivery too. It was delivered on time and I like so much this color because it's very elegant.Just one thing, you should describe product's details much better (be more specific), preferably all technical details (how many camera MP, ram, cpu, etc)... The rest, everything ok.
Telephone delivered quickly. Good and inexpensive model. The only thing - I can not delete the previously installed application. But I figure it out
excellent, we are very happy
The phone is awesome buy it
Ok
good,great,excellen
good phone
Good product
battry goes quick have to recharge to often
excellent
excellent
This is a great phone and delivered early!! Thank you!!!
I like this phonne.
Love this Note II
This cell phone is one of the best for its categorie, as it will do some much with the dual sim card capactity which can make it easier to use abroad. I am using it while traveling and it makes life so easy, and you do not have to be a slave to a company.
I bought this phone for my mom, she loves it, it's easy to use, very un expensive and has a lot of new phone's features. Love it,
my song are very happy with this new smartphone because now can make thing that before can't did with there friend
excellent product and deliver I as recommended for my friends if need more I use the company again,thanks for all
Still functining looks good. I just this three phone and both are working fine no problem. thank you see you
I actually needed a phone right away, but will look into the S3, but this is a great phone indeed.
A really nice cheap android phone, does the basics.nice intro phone to the android world. 5 stars. very highly recommended.
I was not completely sure before buying this product, but after using it I recommend it to you all. It is very very good phone for the price range.
My daughter is happy so I am too! I did not like the fact the box came in bad shape, I almost returned it,, so one star deduction for that and bad business to UPS for putting my package on the wrong doorstep! Thank God for a good neighbor huh? Overall once we decided to open it it was not damaged. Seller communicated effectively about the product and was glad to refund my money if I decided to send it back.
The Item was delivered as advertised. The item was also delivered within the sepcified time period. Phone is good for general use and its of good quality though it smaller than your regular smart phone. The only slight problem I have with it is not enough signal strenght which leads to lots of drop calls. I'm not too worried becasue i bought the phone as a placeholder till my contracts runs out to join another carrier and get a better phone.
El producto lo recomiendo es facil de utilizar,hace mi vida màs facil Es uno de los telefonos mas completos que existen. Excelente
This is a great product. It arrived quickly in the mail and is good for the price. It works super so far and have no trouble with it. Great services from this company.
This phone is a replacement for the android phone that I bought few weeks ago that didn't allow me to surfe the web. Even thought this phone is a little more expensive, but it works right of the box. Unlike the other phone which took 3 weeks to delivered (it was shipped from Singapore), this phone was delivered in 2 days. The resolution could be a little better. But I'm really happy with it so far.
She likes this phone very much and I think it is just as good as agalaxy three which is r times more so go figure
I got my mom this phone for xmas, and she loves it. its hr first phone and shes learning quickly to use it. im proud to say sheseven texting now :-) its easy to control and to understand.the only thing is tht u have to buy a memory card n sim card
Excellent product worked well, really recommend is a good product an unbeatable price, I am happy for this purchase reallmente if needed would buy another product equal.
very good
I am clearly seeing that a white phone was shipped to me however I received a black phone. Did not bother with the hassle of a return since by then I was desperate for a phone. It has served me well so far, I have to recharge every couple of hours really literally I am not yet sure why. So happy buying....The memory storage on this phone is crappy I now wished I hadn't bought this phone such a nuisance everytime to see insufficient storage popping up all the time. Thing is it is only updates on things the phone came with that used up the storage and you cannot delete or send anything to SIM hard
Comprei para minha esposa e aparentemente é um excelente custo-benefício. Não tenho ainda como avaliá-lo melhor, pois ela começou utilizá-lo efetivamente hoje.
Samsung Galaxy y Duos GT-S6102 Dual sim Smartphone with Bluetooth, WiFi, Android OS, HSDPA 850 / 2100 - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - White - good choice if you need managed two sims
Great smart phone . It has exceeding my expectation but should be wider in size at least 4-5 inches longer.
It is just the size I was looking for and the features are great. The price is right!Arrived on time..... I love my phone.
It is a good phone at a good price and that's not being enough double chip (DUOS) and even better is besides all android and a small, thin compared to others. and apart is SAMSUNG
UTE BEAUTIFUL PRODUCT RECOMMENDED
Buen Producto
excellent product
all good
Excellent product!
This is a very nice little smartphone. This is my third purchase. Excellent for making phone calls on two different sims card for international travel. This was my motivation for purchasing. If you want to use its 'smart" and app features, this may not be a phone for you. Full keyboard is barly readable and the phone is very slow to responses. The memory is so small you can barely download 2 more apps to the originally installed. Other than that, a perfect phone for making and recieving calls on two differents sim cards at the same time.
The phone I bought with my contract 8 months ago was horrible with Any background noise. Even a slight wind would keep me from hearing the other person on the line, and vice versa. It was a disaster on a recent visit to Manhattan.This Samsung came to the rescue, with a whole serving of extras. To this day, I'm finding more apps and extras this Smartphone can give me. My brother bought one as well from Amazon, as well as friends who are tired of their phone's limitations.The price is icing on the cake.
bought it for my granny for Christmas and she loves it a lot she doesn't leave it down at all i can't say anything bad about this phone
The product is good and meet my expectations. since I bought it I have not noticed any problem with it. I recommend it positively for use
it appears easy to use as i bought this for a mature friend who had no problems navigating and learning this phone.
Excellent buy. Of course the battery life is similar to those of other smartphones. But putting two sim chips in Lima was a breeze, the phone recognized them easily and was able to receive and make calls inmediately. This phone is unlocked, FYI.
The performance of this phone is unbelievable. It is good that I purchased it. Thanks and I have been encouraging my friends to order theirs too.
It was a good buy! I really think my money was well spent! I'm really happy for the item I bought!
Samsung GT-S6102 Galaxy Y Duos Dual SIM Smartphone with Bluetooth, Wi-Fi,... great when i got this cellphone at home ok
This cell phone is one of the best for its categorie, as it will do some much with the dual sim card capactity which can make it easier to use abroad. I am using it while traveling and it makes life so easy, and you do not have to be a slave to a company.
I bought this phone for my mom, she loves it, it's easy to use, very un expensive and has a lot of new phone's features. Love it,
my song are very happy with this new smartphone because now can make thing that before can't did with there friend
excellent product and deliver I as recommended for my friends if need more I use the company again,thanks for all
Still functining looks good. I just this three phone and both are working fine no problem. thank you see you
A really nice cheap android phone, does the basics.nice intro phone to the android world. 5 stars. very highly recommended.
It came on time. It works great. It was just what it says it is. Great way to replace a phone with out a two year contract. I will buy more phones this way.
I had a problem with shipping in that I got 2 of them when I only ordered 1 so I sent 1 back and had to pay shipping of which I never got reimbursed. I was never charged for the second phone. I enjoy the phone and it was exactly what I was looking for.
Perfect condition, works great and the price was great!. Exactly what I was looking for and expected. Moms loves it.
After I bought this phone, I realized that it was a prepaid phone. I needed a phone for my contract, and I didn't think this phone would work. However, because it was a Verizon prepaid phone, I was able to activate it on my regular Verizon plan. My old phone is unusable now, so this phone saved my life!
This phone has everything I wanted and nothing I didn't it had all the basics and no extras that I didn't want and it is easy to carry
The phone works as advertised. Shipping was quick and easy.
excellent
Perfect replacement for dead LG flip phone. Don't care for the canned ring tones, however.
PERFECT FOR THE PRICE!
Just what I needed!
Good Purchase!
Delivery was very quick and the phone works great.
This phone is great, easy to use, robust (I've already dropped it several times with no ill effects). The purple color is very subtle, but cool. My one complaint is that the alarm does not work perfectly. It works _almost_ perfectly. There are three times when it did not work (in the last month) and every time the alarm was set for 7:00am. This is a truly strange bug, that the alarm doesn't work at 7am, but it works at 7:01, so it's fine (as long as I remember).
Perfect phone for my husband who is old school cell phone! No frills phone that holds charge, good volume and sound! He loves it!
My husband wanted just a basic phone for talking and texting without buttons on the outside and the Gusto is just that. It was easy to activate on our Verizon plan and didn't require us to extend the contract. He really likes the larger keys and the larger font on the screen. The company shipped as promised and it arrived on time - very happy with the purchase.
If you want a phone that has no bells and whistles..this is the phone for you. I love the simplicity of this phone!
Bought the phone used (was in great physical condition though) and it seems that it was used on a "pre-paid plan previously. I was able to get it swapped over to our family plan after several calls to verizon and reprogramming (not activating but hacking into the phone menus and reprogramming) the phone per their instructions. Total time invested was probably 1.5 hours from start to finish and is worth it to me for a phone that works on our plan for under $30.
I am so very pleased with this phone.mit bought to replace the one I had just like it. I am so thrilled on what great shape the new phone I ordered is. Thank you!
My wife is very happy with this phone and likes how compact the phone is and how easy it isw to use.
Received the product on time, in expected condition. However, this is the third instance and source from which I have purchased this model of phone in three years, and ALL THREE have stopped vibrating for phone call, alarm, and text alerts. I do not blame the Amazon seller that I ordered the phone from, but Samsung for manufacturing a flawed product. Buy from this Amazon seller, but don't buy this particular phone!
This phone worked perfectly. It was exactly what I needed for my Verizon account. I had tried several different places for a phone and had no luck before.
Good phone that a child can use with ease. My 10 year old got this phone and since it is not a smart phone she cant add to the bill.
I got this phone less than a month ago and it's already been through the washer. Threw it in a bowl of rice, plugged it in to charge after leaving it in the rice overnight and it still works perfectly. Love the simplicity of the phone and how easy it is to navigate it.
This is exactly what i wanted. The seller was Fantastic. i was having some a challenge because im not phone literate and he was very patient and very helpful.
My wife and i had just upgraded our old Samsung phones when she dropped hers in a sink full of dishwater while she was talking to me, we called our Verizon store and they advised us they could not sell us a phone since we had just upgraded. i found this phone through amazon and purchased it and it actually works as good if not better than the one we purchased from Verizon. The phone was in excellent condition and it works great, i would not hesitate to order from this company again. Thank you for being there.
Nothing fancy but works great. I like the size of the keyboard and feels like a real phone. Would buy it again.
I bought this phone for my fiancé who is 74 and not interested in a SmartPhone. The screen and buttons are large enough and the phone fits neatly in his shirt pocket. It was easy to sync up this phone to his Bluetooth setup in his car. His only complaint is that the little cover for the USB outlet is hard to swivel to expose the outlet for charging, but I have no trouble with it.
This phone was just like the seller said. My husband likes only flip phones and this was perfect for him without a big price tag. Thank you.
Met expectations
It came on time. It works great. It was just what it says it is. Great way to replace a phone with out a two year contract. I will buy more phones this way.
Perfect condition, works great and the price was great!. Exactly what I was looking for and expected. Moms loves it.
After I bought this phone, I realized that it was a prepaid phone. I needed a phone for my contract, and I didn't think this phone would work. However, because it was a Verizon prepaid phone, I was able to activate it on my regular Verizon plan. My old phone is unusable now, so this phone saved my life!
This phone has everything I wanted and nothing I didn't it had all the basics and no extras that I didn't want and it is easy to carry
The phone works as advertised. Shipping was quick and easy.
excellent
Perfect replacement for dead LG flip phone. Don't care for the canned ring tones, however.
PERFECT FOR THE PRICE!
Just what I needed!
Good Purchase!
Delivery was very quick and the phone works great.
good
This is a good simple phone. I buy this for my dad who is in a nursing home with parkinson's and he could never use a touch screen with his shaky hands so this is perfect. I added his friend's phone numbers for him into contacts and the set up was easy. Didn't even need to read the instructions. A good simple phone for someone who has special needs or just isn't electronically inclined. Also, it's a nice looking phone at a good price.
needed to charge battery. work!
Very good for those that aren't interested in a newer model of phone.This has a nice key pad and takes decent pictures.Only major draw back is having to hit each key about 2-4 times to get the letter you want when texting!
works good looks real good
Good Product.
Purchased this Verizon flip phone to use with Page Plus cellular service. I didn't need an I-phone and this works great for phone and text service. It also has a nice camera though I personally rarely use it.
I work excellent
its perfect except for the back cover/battery door pops off easy*
Purchased for spare parts for my mom's phone, to retrieve her photos off the original. Came in good condition, fairly cheap and did the job.
Very fast shipping, as listed
Good, reliable phone that's doing exactly what I need it to. :) Definitely no bells or whistles, but fills the niche I need.
Arrived quickly. In great shape; works well; just as advertised. Arrived quickly. In great shape; works well; just as advertised.
Great battery life! Takes mini USB charger which is very convenient, I liked that about the phone. The camera isint the best quality but does the job.
As expected worked well. However, if not been used previously for six months, one is not able to use it under a contract. My had already been used so worked out fantastic
Exactly what I expected. Works perfect. Arrived in a timely fashion. I would definitely purchase from this vendor again. Thanks!
all of the basic features, and cheap to buy used, If you can live without a smart phone that is.
The phone is good. Simple flip phone and my dad loves it.
Excellent phone; easy to read and use. Wonderful for we "old fossils" who only want phone calls on a cell phone!
It works well for my Grandmother.
Works great. Bought for an older lady. Wanted to get exactly what she had already so there was no need to learn a new phone. Worked out perfect thanks
Very satisfied. Excellent condition.fast delivery.
Got this to replace my Moms. She likes the simple, basic features. This is perfect. It was shipped fast too!
83 year old mother will use no other phone. The Haven is no longer available but Mom would not accept the newer Gusto (my husband loves it). Verizon suggested we could still find a Haven on line. We did and verizon worked at their store with their tech center for 30 minutes to get it effectively activated. Thank you one and all! Mom is happy and I am happy
Good looking and working phone. Simple to operate - no frills needed, no camera needed. Arrived earlier than expected from second party with powered up battery installed and wall re-charger. Seems to work fine. This is a used phone with only the slightest indications, however, it arrived in excellent condition. Activated and established account via Verizon on-line (pay as you go) with no hassle what-so-ever... that was a very pleasant surprise... no waiting 'on hold' on the phone. We'll see how long it lasts... will only be using occasionally. For under $40, highly recommend. ( I'll update if problems should arise. )
Beautiful, simple and easy to use! Numbers are large, menu is easy to access. Sleek and a dark gray. Nice.
Extremely satisfied. Does everything i want it to. A great basic phone. Screen print very easy to see. Love it. Thanks
This is a nice little flip phone here. I bought this for my grandmother to use she says that this phone is very easy to use to doesn't have a whole lot of complex features and she really likes the buttons to fill them when they're being pushed. She's dropped this phone a few times so I can definitely say that it's durable and it's held up I think that it's a really great quality device for what we paid for. Has a really good battery life will last a couple days without charging.
Just started using the new phone.
I bought this for my husband, who just can't deal with smart phones and buttons on the side of his phone. His previous phone had a camera button and a speaker button on the side and he kept pressing them by mistake when holding the phone open on a call. He loves this phone!
Good phone. Sturdilly built with large keys. My only disappointment is the lack of Bluetooth.
Very useful phone for me as I only need it for emergencies and traveling. i was even able to get aa cheaper Verizon monthly plan. thank ou
just as described
Thanks!!!
good phone
Love this-easy to use, big numbers, no extras. If you want a simple phone, this is it.
It good
Great for my Dad. Larger numbers, etc.
I bought this watch for my Mom who is 94 years old. It's very simple to use and the numbers are large.
Just what I needed!
Is this a sick joke? It actually functioned like all flip phones back in the early 80's when they were cool back then /awwwwww who am I kidding they were never cool!!!!!!
I was very happy to get such a nice phone for a very low price. It was in great condition. It was delivered right away. It was in great shape and only took 2 minutes to activate under my account by following easy directions.
Title says it all. Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb whose teeth were black as night (filler).
Very good, Hard to find, ordering spares.
Love this phone! I can hold in my small hand, has large keys that I can see, and screen that I can read. One of the best phones I've ever had.
Phone came fast. I needed this phone quick to serve a job and it is better than I expected. Samsung has good products.
Phone was in excellent condition as stated, very easy to use for someone who just needed a simple phone. would recommend to anyone who has an older person in family looking for a simple phone..It also arrived within the time stated.
My mother in law dropped her previous Samsung and it was too expensive to buy another at the Verizon store. Thank you for the awesome deal. It's exactly the same as what she had, so she's comfortable using it. It works perfectly.
Worked well as promised!
Phone is fine. I was hoping it would include a strap and charger cradle. I should have known better. they weren't shown or mentioned but had been included in my original purchase of the exact same unit some years ago. My bad, I guess.
Face plate was scratched up, but that's what you expect buying refurbished. Nothing a cover didn't fix!
Excellent product
I appreciate the qualities of this flip phone.
Thanks
VERY HAPPY WTH THE PRODUCT AND THE QUICK SHIPPING THANKSFOR EVERYTHING ONE HAPPY AND CONTENTED CUSTOMER....
good phone
Parents are so glad they don't have to learn how to use a smart phone and this one is large enough to see the numbers well.The ringer is loud too!
Fast shipping. Just like advertise.
it was a good phone, i kwew what i was getting and i did get what i ordered. it does work and the battery works. i only use it about 3 times a week when we go shopping. this way we keep in touch. sounds funny, but it works.
Just like a new phone. Purchased for my father who is 85 and we needed it just for emergencies.
Really good
Great phone just what I needed no data clear voice sound
Excellent condition and it works well.
this was a replace for a phone I had and it worked perfectly and I am still using it
I wanted a nice, simple phone with a sizeable keypad & a large easy-to-read display & I got it with this phone. And at a great price too. It folds up into a very compact & easy to carry little package. Yet, it pops open into a sizeable keypad & beautiful color screen with various options. Great phone at a low price.
I bought this phone as a gift to my grandparents. They've had it for about 6 months now and love it. It has big number keys so they can easily dial a number. The 911 button is also handy In case of an emergency. It doesn't have a camera, but that didn't matter since they don't use their phone to take pictures. Overall, 5/5.
i got for my husband who doesnt like fancy phones ,he likes to regular bell ring tones and the style of phone
Great basic phone, long battery life. bought it for my wife as a gift. She loves it. If you do not text and just need a phone for occasional use this phone does the trick.
Bought this for my husband who didn't want all the 'bells and whistles'. He absolutely loves it. Very easy to set up and use.
...and he can not have a camera at his place of employ, so when his old flip phone finally broke (after 5 years) I found this Samsung. There are not many choices for non-camera available today, and we needed it plain and simple. This is it! Perfect simple, non complicated phone. Great seller! Quick delivery and just as described!
This is a great basic phone. This phone has large numbers on screen and on dialing pad. I needed a simple phone to operator for my mother. It has the ability to text also.
I bought this because I was looking for a very simple to use phone for an elderly relative which would work on the verizon network.This phone does not have a camera or other features, but it saves phone numbers, has a speaker phone and speed dialing feature. The numbers on the keypad are fairly large and the clock on the front is large as well.
Just what I needed.
I lost my haven that I had for 4 years.Bought a recon Haven, which will shut down on it's own.I am a senior who doesn't have aprinter to enable the return to Amazon. Nowhere can I find a phone number to contact Verizon.In the mean time the 30 dayperiod is up.Not everyone is a computer geek.I have found the old phone,in the couch,I love this phone, it's all that I needThis phone saved my life. I live alone,fell off the roof,live in the rural country. Called 911 ambulance came.I never go anywherewithout my Haven phone.Thank you.Ron Friedrichsen
LOVE IT.
happy with the phone.
None of the new-fangled features. It does what I want, and I like it. If there was an affordable & simpler one on the market, I'd buy it as a replacement.Yes, I'm a Dumb Phone fan.
my mother in law is very happy with her new phone...big enough for her to see it and loud so she can hear it
Just as if you got it from Verizon with an upgrade!!
pretty good phone it takes care of that need
had to return - could not even turn it on
Works like I expected it to. No complaints. I have not had any problems with the unit since I bought it.
Great easy to use phone, large buttons, good for tec challenged folks or for elderly also good home phone. Good talk quality.
this is a great replacement phone for my grandpa because it is very easy to use and all he uses it for is making calls, thanks!
phone seems to be working good now when first got it the phone froze up when making a call took the battery out and i havent heard any more complaints from my son so it must be working good
The cost of a flip phone is still good, and this phone is very handy and functional. It's a great phone tool...!
My husband loves this phone. It is everything we expected and then some. We will purchasing this one again when one is needed!!!
I ordered this phone for a friend and she is thrilled with it. She had one and loved it and wanted another to replace hers. Excellent condition, just as it was described.
large number phone is good for low vision people. haven is the only cell for low vision folks i have found
I bought two of these, one for my mother and one for my wife's mother and they both love it.
I loved everything about this phone, but No Blue Tooth and no camera! I'll keep it for a backup, but sadly, had to go back to my old one for now.
good phone for older users that like the big keys and easy to use features. also has a long battery life.
I got this phone for my mom after she wet her old one. this is exactly what we needed, simple and easy to use. We have Verizon, we called and got it connected within a few minutes. this seller was quick with shipping.
I highly recommend this phone for someone who is over 50 like myself. I love the large numbers, very clear sound, easy to operate, not complicated at all. Also my ringing melody is perfect. I only have to charge the phone every other day. Also I received my order very quickly. The seller did a great job with my order.
The phone came in nicely packaged and worked from the first minute to now. So far I am happy with my purchase and glad I got this phone here instead of somewhere.
I bought this phone, used, on Amazon and it serves all my communication needs. I have a digital camera, and I have a good laptop, and I don't need it all rolled into a cell phone. It works reliably, and the Verizon network provides excellent coverage everywhere, even in rural and mountainous areas. If there's a signal, you'll be able to send / receive calls with no problems. I have used this phone for over 2 years, and it has been trouble-free. If you need a so-called SmartPhone, then this phone isn't for you, but if you need only a reliable way to stay in contact almost everywhere, then buy this phone. You can find good deals on lightly-used examples on both Amazon and eBay - just make sure that the phone has a "clean" ESN before you buy.
Bought this cell phone to replace my older flip that didn't hold a charge any longer. It works like a new phone and really does the job. I am very happy with the sound clarity and the battery holds a charhe for a long time!
I got this for my mom because she is older and likes the big numbers and text. It's not fancy at all so for her case, this is good. She loves it.
I bought this phone for my mother, who wanted a phone that was easy to use and without a bunch of bells & whistles. This fits the bill and she loves it!
Phone arrived very quick and was in new condition as stated. I have not actually used the phone yet. A wall charger and car charger was included but there was no user manual.
Very good condition
The large buttons allow easier access for my husband in both touching and viewing
Love this phone! Was in mint condition and fast delivery thank you!!!
Husband very happy with the big numbers. Easy to use for him because he has trouble with fingers
this phone is perfect for a second phone. my job does not permit cameras phones in certain area on the premises.
THIS IS GREAT EVERN THOUGH WE DO NOT HAVE CELL PHONE TOWERS FOR VERISION I WOULD BE GLADE TO USE THIS PRODUCT AGAIN
This is a very simple phone. Just what I needed for replacing the same model that got wet. Verizon said they do not stock them any longer, as most customers want the new and fancy Smartphones. Don't want the new models. Don't want or need features I can't understand or pay for stuff I will not use. Keep it basic. Very basic. The price is right. Thank you., thank you. J.L.
My Haven was stolen. This is a replacement. It cost less than a new phone from Verizon, even though I was eligible for an upgrade; and it works with the inductive charger from my old phone, something the new basic phones don't. However, I was disappointed that it won't download my contacts from Verizon. My stolen phone had somehow uploaded them; I vaguely remember something called V Cast that isn't on this phone. Other than that, it looks like a new phone, works fine, and has features I don't think my old phone had.
My mother is in a nursing home. She broke the screen on her phone from dropping it many times. The phone still worked but I wanted to get her a replacement. I like this phone for her because it has a cradle charger that makes it easy for her to keep it charged. She is too handicapped to be able to use a regular type of phone charger. This phone is great for seniors with larger numbers on the keys. It is a phone without apps or camera features. Simply used to make or receive calls. Just what we need for her.
my got I got it too; it is a good phone for seniors ; very convenient large numeric pad and not too heavy.
We wanted a simple phone that is easy to use. It does not have a camera. This phone is perfect for the user who desires a simple no frills phone.
IT WORKED - SMALL SCRATCHES BUT NOTHING MAJOR - IT LASTED FOR AS LONG AS I NEEDED IT FOR - LARGE NUMBERS - BIG BUTTONS - SIMPLE PHONE FOR THOSE THAT DONT WANT NOTHING FANCY BUT A BASIC PHONE TO MAKE CALLS
This was a Christmas gift for my mother in law, who decided to stay with her original phone because this one has no camera. But she did like the larger buttons/
This phone is NOT compatible with Verizon Backup Assistant software, so be prepared to spend some time re-entering your contacts. Otherwise it works great for the senior it was purchased for: big buttons and screen, easy menus.
I got this for my mother and my uncle. They wanted big buttons on a no frills phone. Clear and easy to use.
PHone works very well - good replacement phone as the old phone some of the buttons were not working well.
Just what I needed easy to use ,easy to see and not alot of stuff I don't need great phone!
I purchased this phone for my mother and it is perfect for her. She enjoys the large numbers and lettering in the contacts. Good price and we were able to set it up without having to go to Verizon.
Wanted a phone without all the extras and costs for services. We originally bought two phones from Verizon with our plan, two years ago and did not want to sign up for another plan but one of the phones wouldn't hold a charge and had worn out. This phone was just right. All we had to do was take it to a Verizon dealer and they set it up for us, no charge.
Simple and easy to use for my mother. Nice big numbers make it easy for dialing calls! Would recommend this phone for seniors.
Good old phone. Boss likes display size and button size. Would definitely keep buying them as many times as he loses them.
My daughter loves this phone. She prefers the basic flip phone and this one meets all her needs. Good durable little phone.
i purshased a samsung cell phone from Amazon and it has lived up to my expectionsand the price was great and their service was very good n.THE SAMSUNG U320 CELL PHONE IS A GOOD BUY AND WORKS GREAT.IM VERY HAPPY WITH THE POHONE . WALTER rASHER
I got this phone for my mom and dad because of the large buttons, received item quickly and it works great, thanks!
This is just a simple and effecient phone for my elderly mother to use. Nice big buttons and the screen size is decent too,.
This is a great phone for seniors who do not need a smartphone. My mother-in-law loves it. She can hear clearly and read the screen easily. It's easy to use with her arthritic fingers, too.
I looked and looked for a phone that my 82 yr old Mom could easily use and this one is great! It has a dedicated and easy to locate 911 button as well as the ability to set up a specific order call list and I was able to put notes in it. It has a large screen that she can easily see and is still small enough that it is not too heavy to put in her purse.She really likes it!
My son is 13 and needless to say is rough on phones, we got him this phone as a replacement phone and it is really simple to use and all he needs. It came very quickly and in great condition.
works fine easy set up husband is using it all the time no camera could not down load contacts had to do it by hand to enter them took a while other wise phone works fine
This is a nice little flip phone here. I bought this for my grandmother to use she says that this phone is very easy to use to doesn't have a whole lot of complex features and she really likes the buttons to fill them when they're being pushed. She's dropped this phone a few times so I can definitely say that it's durable and it's held up I think that it's a really great quality device for what we paid for. Has a really good battery life will last a couple days without charging.
Just started using the new phone.
I bought this for my husband, who just can't deal with smart phones and buttons on the side of his phone. His previous phone had a camera button and a speaker button on the side and he kept pressing them by mistake when holding the phone open on a call. He loves this phone!
Good phone. Sturdilly built with large keys. My only disappointment is the lack of Bluetooth.
Very useful phone for me as I only need it for emergencies and traveling. i was even able to get aa cheaper Verizon monthly plan. thank ou
just as described
Thanks!!!
Great easy to use phone, large buttons, good for tec challenged folks or for elderly also good home phone. Good talk quality.
this is a great replacement phone for my grandpa because it is very easy to use and all he uses it for is making calls, thanks!
The cost of a flip phone is still good, and this phone is very handy and functional. It's a great phone tool...!
I just got this phone from Brown Box Bonanza here on Amazon. First, they are great sellers and have amazing customer service. I had several questions and they were right on the emails, answering quickly.The phone is great. It has nice features, like a speakerphone, and it's just the right size. Very user friendly. It comes with a charger, and it charged up fast.When I turned it on, all I had to do was hit the send button and the phone contacted Verizon. This automatically programmed the phone with my number and activated it on my account. Easy, easy, easy phone to use. Good sound quality whether I hold it to my ear or use the speakerphone.The price is right, too. I shopped around and could not find a phone at a reasonable price on Verizon because my upgrade isn't due. I checked Walmart and Radio Shack, but no luck on a nice basic phone at a reasonable price. This is a good deal.It's a very nice, sharp looking phone that fits right into the palm of my hand. I highly recommend it, and Brown Box Bonanza.
It is a simplified flip phone with big buttons. It does not always cure old age, however. There are a couple of simpler-to-use geriatric phones out there. Outside display powers down so you cannot just look and see time, calls, etc., you must flip open to activate display. Call sound fidelity is good. Speaker phone mode sux. Very limited options.
A gift for my husband (birthday) and he's someone who doesn't care for change. He loves it and the large print is what he really needed. Thanks for fast delivery and the phone being as described.
This is a replacement for a cell phone that got damaged. It's a reconditioned phone and works fine. Just what I was looking for -- because Verizon was going to charge me big $'s to get one, which made no sense. This is JUST a plain phone with large display and keyboard -- no camera, emails, texts, apps -- nothing I don't need or use. The price was right! Very pleased.
Great phone
So far the phone seems perfect for my step-daughter.. i will update the review once i have more information.
The phone came on expected delivery date and working just fine. The reason this is four stars is because I noticed right away that it was dropped before on the screen and they had the digitizer replaced with a generic one. HEADS UP- IT IS NOT 8GB- IT IS 16GB. But overall the phone works just fine.
For those who are wondering whether this will work in their country or not. Im using it for a mexican company which uses gsm band 1900 mhz, the had to be sim unlocked (cost me about $12 ) and now works with no problems , LTE devices can use cdma and gsm just make sure the global service or gsm band is selected on Network menu.
this was for my wife.. first smart phone.. great phone, easy to learn and easy to use.. happy happy .
Most android phones are more expensive than this, so this is a good phone for the price. You get a lot of features so it is worth it, despite its weaknesses.Weaknesses:- touch screen doesn't always react when touched- using camera often hangs the phone. You will have to shut it off to reset it- Lots of apps won't work on this phone. Sometimes the android market will not let you install. Other times you will install it, but it just won't appear on your screen.- USB interface to computer is touchy. Sometimes your computer won't recognize it. There is no good PC "desktop" either.- when talking on the phone, the touch screen can sometimes react without your intent. To help with this problem, the screen locks while you are on a call. This is a hassle when you need to press digits on the keypad while on the phone.- it is hard to see incoming calls while you are already on a call. I tried to change this option to warn me audibly, but it doesn't work -- just says "unexpected response from network" . Hope you don't get a lot of calls.
I bought this fone mainly bec of its low price as an android and wifi feature. I didnt want to sign up for extra data plans. So far im happy with it. Works well with my carrier. Connects to wifi pretty fast. Has had no issues with lagging or the screen freezing when browsing the internet. Downloads apps using wifi with no problem. Has you tube in it already when i got it so that was a plus. Battery life is not that good. I had to charge it everyday. But i downloaded an app to save battery life but didnt make much of a difference. With its 2.8 inch screen size, texting or typing was a bit challenging esp since i hve medium-size fingers. Call quality is good, though. I actually like its design, very sleek.Overall, a nice small fone with lots of features and capabilities.
ME PARECE UN BUEN TELEFONO PERO LA PANTALLA ES MUY PEQUEÑA PARA MIS DEDOS. LA PRESENTACION PESO Y TAMAÑO DEL TELEFONO SON UNA DE LAS MEJORES QUE HE VISTO PARA UN TELEFONO DE ANDROID 2.1
Simple andoid phone, good battery life, audio quality, and reception. Poor camera. Screen ok, but really too small for many apps. Upgraded to Froyo and that works well.
I loved this phone, it works perfectly, it has a quick response, a lot of the best Market apps are free, which means the phone has a lot of customization options, the WiFi range is great too, and it's unlocked and works perfectly in my country (Argentina).
Phone is great if you are considering an upgrade to a smart phone. I used it with the T-mobile network.Screen is responsive and the Google integration is good. I was able to get on my home wi-fi; gmail and it also connected to picassa for photos. You do have the QWERT keyboard option - you need to change it in the keypad settings. Picture quality is fine and i was able to stream youtube videos with no issue. It does have Navigation application but does not work.
Long time Linux user, first time Android user's perspective: I picked up one of these and bought my wife a Google Nexus S in January of 2011. The screen is roughly half the size on this one & there is a very noticeable difference while trying to run games or failing to run 480p+ video content, but it works just fine for me. Bought it as a Sansa Clip+ replacement, and I'm extremely happy with it. No comments on voice quality, 3G/EDGE or GSM connection quality - I have yet to test the device with a SIM card, and am using it solely as a personal media player. (I.e. I got tired of waiting for a market enabled iPod Touch competitor)What it can do:* Angry Birds - Some lagginess when a media player is cranking MP3s out in the background, but no major issues. Occasionally hangs up & has to be killed in lengthy sessions.* Voice search - Requires installing the speech-to-text synthesizer, but impressive accuracy & works fine on this limited hardware.* Froyo - The Latin America firmware seems to work. Not accessible through Samsung's provided Keis software, but available from third parties.* Speaker - Respectable music playback & spoken word playback for its price range* Camera - Take decent stills for its price range.* Unplug/Plug-in pause/resume - Addictive feature, but likely common to many Android devices.* Decent battery life - I've been charging it every two days or so, with regular use of the Wi-Fi in the evening and 3-4 hours of daily use as a media player with the screen turned off. Otherwise always kept in standby. (Again, this is SIM-free, no GSM radio usage.)* Wi-Fi - WPA2 Wi-Fi support. Tethering seems to be an option in the Froyo firmware. Didn't check the stock.* MicroSDHC - No issues & good solid seating for my 16gb MicroSDHC card. Located behind the snap-on/snap-off battery cover, but the battery does not have to be removed to get to it. A 1 or 2GB card was included with the phone.* Video - Converting to a lower bitrate seems to be necessary for most of my videos, but no complaints. Small enough screen that there's nothing to be gained from sticking with higher resolutions.What it does poorly:* Wi-Fi disconnections - With both with stock firmware and the official Froyo build, my experience has shown the device to be prone to dropping the Wi-Fi connection when in use by certain apps, or more commonly when leaving.* Volume levels - I frequently find myself wishing there was some sort of equalizer or system-level volume boosting functions I could use to compensate for low volume levels in certain audio tracks. Fine for normal music, but often inadequate with soft-spoken announcers in audio books and podcasts with heavy traffic noise. I will definitely have to buy amplified headphones prior to taking flying with this device.* VPN connections - The Froyo VPN tool looks nice enough, but is extremely finnicky.* FM Radio - Depends on a wired set of headphones for the FM antenna. A common problem, but slightly annoying.* Apps-to-SD - This Froyo feature seems to be somewhat overrated. Frequent problems with apps that say they support the move, but then disappear from the application menu afterwards. Still, even after giving up, with some 30 apps installed, I have 30.8Mb of the 170Mb of internal flash available. Apparently this just isn't that big a deal.What it won't do:* Multitouch - Unfortunate, but made up for in large part by the numerous buttons & the D-pad.* Flash (bulb) - It doesn't have one, not that many do in this price range.* Flash (Adobe) - The processor seems to be incompatible with the current builds of Adobe Flash. Haven't personally tested it, but it's not all that likely to work. There may be other workarounds.Notes for battery hoardin' folks:* Uses MicroUSB chargers - Tested with BlackBerry charger & a solar charger without problems.* 3.7v, 4.44wh, 1200mAh li-ion battery. M/N: AB474350BUA few quick 5500-tested App recommendations: MortPlayer Audiobooks/Music, BeyondPod, Pulse, Aldiko, Comixology, Droid Comic Viewer, Angry Birds, and File Expert (That last gives integrated FTP & HTTP file management - I basically never use a USB connection for data transfers.)Market glitches from use overseas, in Chile (not yet in the paid-app country white-list):* I don't know whether this is because of the firmware or my physical location, but it was impossible to obtain numerous free apps and ANY paid apps out of the box or after updating to Froyo. Using the new web-based app market, I can see paid apps, but none will allow me to install and many apps that ARE available through the normal market refuse to install due to "carrier restrictions" on this unlocked, SIM-free phone.* Free apps I was unable to install included: Amazon's Kindle & MP3 stores, Google Books, the voice-to-text synthesizer, and Google Listen. Free apps loaded on the phone that I was unable to update included Gmail, YouTube, and Google Search.* The issues above can be wholly resolved using Market Enabler, but that requires rooting the phone. I would be very interested to hear if a VPN to the US or simply being present in the US or another country with paid-app access has these same issues.[Aug 2011] A couple quick updates, six months in:* Wifi disconnections - This proved to be largely an issue of signal strength. This device has a perfectly usable wireless range, but it's still not quite as good as some other devices in my appartment. A second router and setting the wifi sleep mode to "never" or "never when plugged in" was enough to resolve this issue.[...]* GSM use - Took the device home to the US on vacation and picked up a prepaid TMo SIM. Worked just fine, but only EDGE (at least using the i5500L Froyo ROM). That was enough to eliminate the need for the Market Enabler. Allows purchase of paid apps even after my return to Chile.* Battery life update - Massive change in battery life when I was stateside. With heavy use of the browser & Google Maps and occasional use as a phone, I found myself needing to change batteries at mid day every day while on vacation. Fine for tooling about town, although it still drained much quicker than w/o a SIM, but constant Maps use while playing the tourist in NYC absolutely killed the battery life.
This was the lowest price Android smartphone that I was able to find and works even better than I expected. When I visit another country, I just purchase a SIM card and am usually able to make and receive calls for a very good price. My friends call my US cell phone number and the call is forwarded to my Skype number which is, then, forwarded to this phone. I am pleased with my purchase.
This Android phone made by Samsung is light and compact. It is quite easy to use. The sound quality is good but not great. The only complaint I have is it's keyboard which is hard to use even for someone like me with small fingers.
I purchased this phone for a trip to Europe, not the UK. The phone is pictured with the EU charger adapter but it came with a UK adapter which isn't the end of the world because I already have power adapters... I was looking forward to having a charger for which I didn't need an adapter though. Unless I'm missing something, this phone is not multi-touch capable as one might assume an Android phone should be. Map and image zoom can only be done with + or - icons in the corner of the respective apps; two finger "pinch" gestures for zoom do not work. So far all of the features I have tried work including GPS, data over WiFi, data over the GSM using a SIM card with a data plan (verified data access by turning off WiFi and using a web browser). Haven't tried a call here in the US yet but will update this post if it doesn't work as expected. There is this one common issue with the Google voice search though which may be related to the fact this is an unlocked, world, quad-band phone. The Input Language settings within the voice search itself has to be set to English (UK), rather than (US) or (Generic) English or the search box reports "Server Problem". This is a wide-spread issue as documented on numerous forums. Without the setting English (US) the voice commands to access contacts are rumored to not work. Note that the language & keyboard settings can still be changed to English (US) independent of the voice search input.Update1: The phone was also shipped with Froyo (Android 2.2), not Eclair (Android 2.1) as described. Compass functionality is completely messed up in stock Froyo release. Found lots of discussions mentioning compass worked with 2.1 but broken in 2.2. If you are familiar with updating the OS ROM, there is a fix as Gingerbread (Android 2.3) unofficially does work on the Galaxy 5 although this at your own risk and only recommended for advanced users (and compass works but has minor accuracy issues depending on orientation).Update2: After reading specs more carefully this phone will only receive 1G or 2G (EDGE) data speeds on AT&T, for example. AT&T plumbs 3G data on the 1900MHz and 850MHz bands. Europe almost universally broadcasts 3G on 2100MHz and 900MHz. Note that the Europa Galaxy 5 only has hardware to decode 3G at the 2100 and 900MHz bands so unless your phone carrier does the same, you are stuck with 2g (EDGE) data speeds. The "quad-band" part of this phone strictly refers to 1G, 2G, 2.5G formats (including voice) and I can confirm that all of these work in the US. Many phones are advertised as quad or penta-band "3G" phones and eventually the same will be true of 4G. For reference, carriers use one of the following bands 850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100MHz so be sure to check [...] (and information for your carrier directly) against the network/frequency band capability of any phone you intend to buy.
Of course you must understand what you are buying.The screen is barely enough for applications like instant messengers and such.Proves to be quite good as a GPS (again, consider the screen size), locks in fast and is accurate.I use it (with a Froyo 2.2 installation, see [...] ) mainly as a hotspot for connecting other (larger screen) wifi only devices. And of course as a mobile phone.I only use applications such as browser or instant messenger on the phone itself, as a last resort, when I don't have another device such as tablet with me.In portrait screen the virtual (on screen) keyboard is not full format, but rather phone like keyboard.The device was brand new as I opened the box, still had plastic stripes attached to the phone. It comes standard with 2.1 android, see link above to upgrade to 2.2 (main reason for me was that 2.1 does not have hotspot functionality).I think it's the European version, 3g frequencies are accordingly. So on TMobile US it will work on EDGE only (no 3G).
I purchased this phone just before a week ago. Works smoothly. Those who complaining about this phone, i believe may be fake. Many of them had problem with browser but here is trick, make your wifi decrypt or open, high speed browser can be surf on galaxy 5. so please do purchase. cheap with all feature.
This phone has all the necessary things to keep in touch. You have to be really close to the wifi spot, but in general the wifi antenna is good. I've used an HTC wildfire also, and in general, this Samsung has nothing to envy the Wildfire.
I thought I had a problem with this seller. He contacted me to make sure things were right. In fact, he went overboard to do so. Even if he hadn't corrected what was a small problem, which he did, I still would have given him 5 stars due to his extraordinary effort to do business in a way which was customer oriented.
I've had this phone since mid January and I have little to complain about. I had two windows phones and a few messaging phones prior to the Galaxy5. I use this phone on AT&T with internet on my contract - Which isn't NEEDED but highly recommended if you intend to download apps. It synced up with my gmail quickly and I had no compatibility issues with my computer (running windows vista) So time for Pro and Cons.Cons:-This phone does not arrive in English (select: 4 square icon, A in square, top choice, and then scroll through)-MP3's are not able to be set as ring tones. There's apparently an app for that, but I haven't gotten around to downloading it as it's not a huge priority to me.- You need the headphones to receive radio stations - also not a deal breaker and i don't use the radio anyway but it just seemed kind of dumb.- IT DOES NOT COME WITH A US. STANDARD WALL CHARGER. This is kind of important. It does however come with a USB cord, so you can get one of those usb wall plug things if you need it for traveling or just use your computer.- It does not get 3G on ATT...it may get G, but i'm usually running off Edge or WiFi.- the face keys don't light up. This takes some getting used to when trying to use it in the dark.- if you write a very lengthy message it turns it into a multimedia/picture message...which is strange.Pro's-Touch screen is very responsive, rarely if ever laggy. The phone it's self is nicely weighted and you know all the hype about it being comfortable in your hand....completely true. I found this claim ridiculous when reading reviews about it before i bought it, but it really does just seem to fit in your hand nicely-Interface is decently set up, had to get used to hitting the menu button on the face to pull up options and menus since i was so used to having that an on screen option on my old phones.-Great introductory android phone, it offers the basic bells and whistles of Andriod phones (Live wallpaper, apps, games, etc) but in a smaller package.-I have kinda big hands for a girl and i can generally use the on screen keyboard with little error, plus it offers several types of text input, including predictive text, qwerty, Swype, the old school 9 button, and hand written.- calls are clear on my end and I've never had any complaints from anyone on the other end.-Silicon cases are cheap and easy to find on ebay.- I'm super impressed with the Wi-fi range, i was a good 20 feet from my house and still pick it up, I even get alerts of wifi available when riding in a car.-well built! I've dropped this approximately 3 feet onto the ceramic tile in my bathroom, it landed screen down, my heart stopped...I picked it up, there wasn't even a scratch.EDIT (Jan 15 2012 - 1 year of use)I've had this phone for a year, and it worked like a dream until I had upgraded to the official 2.2 release a few months back. If you're considering this phone with the thought of updating it to 2.2 Don't do it, It's ridiculously unstable, the use of my phone went so downhill I almost wanted to throw it against a wall. The wi-fi became unusable unless I used a static IP, which meant I could only connect to my home Wi-fi - and even then it didn't always want to connect, It would get "the sleep of death" which basically means it would go into suspend and not turn back on.HOWEVER if you're comfortable with user created roms and if you are/know someone who is tech savvy I had my boyfriend flash an un-official rom of 2.2 known as Motofoca, it has it's short comings too, but nothing downloading a free app didn't fix. Since the using Motofoca it has been much more stable, and the best part the wi-fi works as it used to, I still occasionally get the sleep of death but only once since i've flashed to it.
Great phone if you don't want to pay $$$ for 2 years contract. Works with wifi which is everywhere now and free, don't need a data plan.
I didn't want to subscribe to a $15 data plan and wanted to a phone that works well on Wifi. This is the perfect phone I can get for the price. Screen is slightly smaller than other smart phones but does everything that others do.
i was totally satisified with this product,i bought it as refurbished but it was just like new,everything worked great,and for an android 2.1 you cant go wrong,the touch screen is almost to responsive but you have the option of the navigational key,battery life is excellent,the only downside is the keyboard when texting or browsing which is a bit small and you press the wrong keys all the time,i suggest a stylus,apart from that its a great phone and i am totally pleased.
This is my first smart-phone, although I have used other touch devices like an ipod touch. The goal was to get something cheap that I could use my AT%T prepaid plan with.First of all, as others have noted, the phone will arrive in some unpredictable eastern european language. In my case, I deduced it was Slovenian by looking up various random words on the display (apparently, "ponedeljek" means "monday"). Unfortunately, changing the language is not all that easy on a device you cannot read. Some languages like Spanish, it's relatively easy to sort out on your own. Slovenian is not that sort of language. I had to resort to a youtube video to figure out which parts of the interface to select. If you have trouble, I suggest you do the same.Next up, I figured I'd try to upgrade the firmware to the latest version. Samsung website tells me to download and install the Kies software, which I do. It connects with the phone and tells me "this version of the device cannot be updated". Not quite sure what to make of that (does it mean the firmware is already updated? or does it mean I'm using eastern european device with US Kies? or is the firmware non-upgradeable?). Anyhow, the 2.1 firmware seems to work well enough, so I decide not to mess with it any further.After this, I slipped the SIM card in from my cheap AT&T prepaid and verified that it was able to make phone calls. It was, no issues whatsoever.As far as the general quality of the phone, it seems pretty good. It comes with a 1gb SD card for use with the camera, a charger (with US adapter), USB cable (very short), and headphones. Although a bit small, it fits in my hand relatively well and sounds decent. It passes the obvious tests for doing what a phone needs to be able to do.I have to gripe a little bit about the touchscreen qwerty keyboard which feels a little small for my fingers. Tilting the screen sideways helps because the keyboard is bigger in landscape mode. It's easy to get a double-keypress; I wish there was a key repeat delay setting. It's also easy to hit the wrong key, but I assume that just takes some getting used to. The 3x4 keyboard for phone calls works fine and has nice big buttons.Logging into gmail was uneventful. It took my user-id and password. Android marketplace works similarly well. I'm a little bit concerned about security. If I lose my phone, then suddenly someone has access to my email account? Email compromises are the gateway to getting every other service that you use compromised (at least anything that has a password-reset-via-email feature). Going to have to think a bit on that. Maybe disable the email and get my piece of mind back.I try the built-in navigation app and it says "waiting for location" and sits there until the screen blanks. Not sure what to make of that. The built-in maps program does the same thing. Maybe it's confused because I'm not in Slovenia. Maybe I just need to give it some more time to get a GPS fix. GPS is enabled and the silly thing is sitting in front of a window. Don't know why it can't seem to figure out where it is.Anyhow, I'm relatively pleased with it so far as it seems to be a good deal for the price I paid. I'm deducting one star for the product arriving configured with a random language which is something a non-technical user (or someone without access to youtube) might have some trouble with. This should be disclosed in the description, or better yet, the phone should ask for a language setting when it's initially turned on.
New to Android technology. Loving phone, but still getting use to all the "bells and whistles." Excellent phone. Screen is clear and nice resolution. Highly recommend phone and seller. Thank you.
This is a great little phone, with many android capabilities. I've decided on it, to give a try to the android phone interface, compared to my long experience with windows mobile smart phones. It is generally a nice cellphone, with v. good price for a smart phone. Just be prepared to do some deciphering to change the default menu from an Eastern European language to English. Once done, most of things go fairly well after that.I'd list here my overall impressions after using it for about a week:1- Well built & light handset, with small screen, decent resolution (don't expect AMOLED sharp, but it is good)2- Responsive capacitive, single point touch screen (so no pinching or any other two-touch gestures).3- This is essentially the i5500 Europa, which has the android 2.1, and android market access.4- The camera is OK, but poor focus with mediocre images, so take it as it is, a phone camera.5- Registering into the android market was a little slow, but I did it through registering my gmail account via wifi only, then things started to work well after that ( I use them mainly with wifi, without issues)6- I'm trying to get the navigator to work with offline maps, but it seems tricky, I'll give update if I get it to work.7- Using the supplied Keis software on win 7, I was able to sync with my outlook directly for calendar & contacts, in addition to Google sync too.8- Finally, downloading the android app killer app is a must, so you can keep your phone running smoothly.All in all, a great smart phone, with good and peppy operating system that you can try with pleasure, without being forced to commit to the obscene mandatory data charges & 2Y contract extension with your service carrier.
This is a very nice phone, small screen but quite usable especially if you have small-medium hands. People complain that the resolution is low but I think since it has a small screen, it is not a major issue. I was able to read web pages with no problems. Of course, this is no iPhone.One big gripe is that Google navigation on it does not work offline. So, if you don't have a data plan then the GPS functionality is pretty much useless. I wasn't able to find any other navigation software that will work on it. Maybe I wasn't able to locate it.Good Android phone, pretty fast for most everything. if the GPS Nav worked well it would be perfect. If Navigation is vital Nokia's have excellent free for lifetime navigation.Btw, Samsung, please release the Android 2.2 Froyo update soon! Thanks.
It's a phone made for the UK, delivered to the US in an opened package, because the seller included a US plug converter, and of course without warranty. A few days later I found it at Fry's for the same price, and same features (unlocked, quad band). If I only knew, it's nice to be able to return it easier, although only for 15 days.It came in time, and had everything in the package: phone, charger, plug converter, headset with microphone, battery, manual.I'm an iPhone user, and bought this to use overseas, it accepted the tMobile sim card, and works well as a phone, so I expect it to work in Europe. As a decent smart phone, has Android 2.1 made by Google, does much more then placing calls.It freezes, every once in awhile, but that is mostly because of the OS, I plan to upgrade it to a newer Android release.Has a good wifi, connects fast and keeps it well. The GPS is useful, but in the agglomerated urban areas the inherent triangulation is more accurate in maps, so you can turn GPS off and only use it in the sparsely populated areas with less communication towers.It's a little small for people used with iPhones, and Android is no iOS, but if you can renounce the Apple dogma, and accept the Google dogma, it is a cheaper, although a much less elegant, solution.
The phone came locked. Can be unlocked. And it's an Android!If it comes locked for you too, and you are a geek, you can unlock it following the same instructions that I followed, here's how I did it:[...]You need to be a little bit geeky to do all what is needed to unlock it.Apart from that, it's a great phone for that price. It's an Android and that's great. I prefer this rather than an iProne.Doesn't have a multitouch screen.Has GPS, so google maps and all those maps applications work well.Has accelerometer, so you can play games like labyrinth, Speed X 3D, etc.Has compass.Has camera, not the best one, but has one (I never use it).Syncs with Google Contacts, Google Calendar, Google Reader...There are loooots of great free apps. Off course, lots of paid apps too.Here are some great free apps:Wunderlist (tasks list with sync with PC)Evernote (Notes with sync with PC)Thinking Space (Mind mapping)Locus Free (Maps that can work offline)Opera Mobile (A good web browser)QR Droid (Reader for those codes for mobile)Dropbox (file sync with PC, etc)
I just got this phone from amazon and im very impressedi was expecting a cheap phone for what i pay $130 dollarsand got something way better!!!
Easy access to wifi, no data plan necessary.The keyboard is small so large hands might get frustrated with this feature. Small, fits in my pocket. Camera is "just okay" wish for more megapixels. Still learning more about it. Can add free apps that you might want to use. Battery charge has been long lasting. Cannot find a case to purchase in USA that fits this phone and to date have been denied purchase from other countries due to shipping. Will continue to search. I have enjoyed using it to this date.
I bought this from Amazon two months back. I was looking for an unlocked quad band phone which is not very expensive and can be used during international travel and I found this phone in Amazon. My phone came with the android OS configured in German language, but it was easy to configure (if you can spend 30 minutes, the manual explains it ) the Android OS to English (There is an English manual comes along with the German manual, you have to compare both and using the settings icon you can configure the language). This is my first Android touch tone phone, and I really like it. The call quality is very good. It connects to my home WiFi network without any problem and I can browse net and can watch Youtube through WiFi. You can play angry birds also on this phone (have to download it), so my kids also like this phone. In my recommendation, its a good touchtone phone for the price and there are no strings attached.
I have recieved the product what i have expected .I liked it lot.The cost for which i have got is awesome.
I like this phone. You get good value for your money. It is not too fancy, but it works. I was positively surprised. Only downsides I can think of are that the camera is not great, and the earplugs not very comfortable (and u can use your own, but they function as antennae for the radio). But other than that, Im really happy with it. Im sure its nothing compared to the new iphone, but if you just want a nice phone with touchscreen to download nice android apps, and use wifi, and which works in both the US and Europe, for a good price; this is a good choice.
The phone is great for those who are not after too much texting.It is good on reception although the camera needs some improvement. So far so good.
the seller was really good on shipment, it arrived earlier than expected. the battery life is ridiculously good and with average use you can get multiple days on one charge the speaker is really loud-much more so than any other phone i've encountered listening to music on speaker is like having a mini stereo by you. so far i haven't had any problems with the phone(a couple of weeks) and i'd recommend it to anyone shopping for a phone in this price category.
I am thoroughly enjoying this phone. Everything about it is good, mind you, I have not had any advanced phones... such as any phone made in the past 2 years.The only thing is you have to setup the MMS for your carrier and I still have not figured that out.
Great deal for its price. Most android apps work fine on it. Got only one complaint... the battery doesn't last long enough, mainly when you use wireless or bluetooth.
After doing a little research to find the right phone for me I decided on this Samsung i5500. It is a good price for a mid-low end smart phone with a touch screen and Android OS. In general I am pleased with the phone as it met all of the criteria that I had expected when I bought the phone. My only complaint is that the user manual and phone were both in Italian when I received them. The only mention I could find on the listing that this might be the case is the tag "Europa" at the end of the product title. It was no big deal since I was easily able to change the language settings to English but it was a little disappointing to have to hassle with it since it was unclear that this would be the case.Thanks!
Received the phone in good condition only earphone was missing, does not connect to T-mobile at 3G but says is supported. Firmware was not original so could not update when connected to Kies. Worth for the price paid for a basic smart phone.
I use this phone for a prepaid T-Mobile account. This only allows me to surf the web or get my email when I'm in Wifi areas, but that's fine since most of my time is spent either at work or home. This means I have the same benefits of a smartphone, but without any monthly charges. I'm shocked more people don't do this.The phone arrives speaking German, but you can find your way to English by doing the following: on the application screen, choose the icon that looks like a blue gear wheel. In English, it will be called "settings." Choose the blue gear wheel.The 10th item down has an icon that looks like a capital letter "A." Press it. Choose the first item that shows up and now you should be in a list of languages. Go down until you see "English (United States)." Press it. Now your phone speaks 'merican!I've not had a problem with Wifi connections, though when it sleeps it does often break the connection. When I wake it up, it automatically reconnects and then checks my mail (I really recommend Gmail with an Android). The sync with Google is flawless otherwise.Another nice feature is that this order is fulfilled by Amazon, and therefore ships free. It really has been a hassle free experience for my first Android phone. Love it!
Everything works out the way I expect it, and for this price, it is the best phone I've ever had.
This is my wife's phone, she is not using 3G but works fine anyway.This phone is packed with excellent features and the price is the best of all.Recommended!
I'm brand new to the smartphone world and I really enjoy this phone. My son has an iPhone and I'm enjoying some of the same features at a lower price. The screen size is a little smaller than I thought it would be which makes it a little harder to type. The SWYPE function makes typing easier though. Overall, a good value for the technology.
Does what it's supposed to do. Just inserted the SIM card and my existing service connected immediately. Everything works, WiFi, GPS, camera etc.,First experience with Android and enjoying it.
This is a neat little Android phone. Everything seems to work well, and it is nice and light and small. I use a rubber-ended stylus for my Xoom as well as this phone (the Xoom to avoid smudges, and the Samsung phone because the screen is pretty small). I upgraded from Android 2.1 to 2.2.1 via the instructions on SamFirmware which is a little complicated but far from difficult or impossible. I also looked at a couple videos on the You Tube for help. The phone seems to work fine.I am still looking for earbud-style headphone with a mic and audio controls (volume, pause, next track, etc.) that actually work.Enjoy!
I am very happy with this phone, the only disadvantage is dont have camera flash, the other items are very good.
Unlocked phone have the advantage of letting you choose your carrier by just replacing the sim card.They also are great for travelers since the rest of the world uses GSM. It's wasy to get cheap sim cards all over the world, saving you roaming charges.MobileCityOnline supplied my order via Amazon. Although I requested second day air, 6 days elapsed between placing the amazon order and arrival.They appeared new on arrival despite broken seals on the boxes. They came configured for Slovenia. So, you have to go into the settings (in slovenian) and set the language to english US. Kind of tricky but doable. Takes about two minutes.From there after charging first time I installed $5 ATT sim cards and the phones were able to place and receive calls. The nice thing is ATT lets you choose how to pay when you set up the sim card accounts. You can either post pay or prepay. Since we're not big talkers I chose prepay. This setup actually works better than my Tracphone and my old Virgin Mobile phone. Every call pops up a window at the end showing what the cost was and how much is left. Nice. ATT's website also logs every call and transaction. Cool.WiFi setup was straightforward. Connect to the access points it sees, maybe enter a password, and you're online. Once online you can click on the App Market icon and download whatever apps you like. The only bug I ran into is if you connect to access points that require a username/password to log in, and they use self signed certificates. You may have to use the Opera browser so the redirect works correctly and you can get connected.Once you are on WiFi you can configure your google account and it will sync your google contacts and calendar and you have gmail in a shrunken down mobile version.To get mobile data when I was away from a WiFi access points I had to buy an add-on data package, which can be priced at MB per 30 day period, or they have a unlimited call/data plan for a fixed price per day. I like having options.To get mobile data to work I had to hand enter an access point name (APN) for AT&T. The the edge icon came on and I was in business.Just google APN and android and ATT.The phones are not running the latest Android version, not that that's a show stopper. And if you're a version snob you can upgrade the firmware yourself. KIES software comes that lets you easily bring in media from your PC like pictures and music. The phone itself is kind of small and compact compared to the bigger Galaxy S or motorola or HTC smartphones. My wife likes the size, I could do with a bigger screen but the nice thing is this one will slip in a shirt or pants pocket easily. You can tilt the screen sideways to make typing on the virtual keyboard easier.If I only used WiFi instead of mobile data I could probably go like 2 months on a $25 airtime refill. Even with a data plan I'm convinced this is cheaper than those long commitment plans.The phone also has a GPS and an FM radio but I really haven't used them much. An app is on the phone that shows your location on google maps, but it's not a replacement for a Garmin GPS in your car since you need live data via a data plan. It's handy though, but since the GPS eats power I usually leave it off.These being european versions of the Corby, the charger included is the two prong euro type, with a snap on american outlet adapter. So much the better if you plan to visit europe. They also charge and sync from a mini usb cable, the phone's power connector seems smaller then the standard micro usb connector.It has an "airplane mode" that saves power and turns GPS, WiFi and Mobile data off.Overall, for like $150 you can have a decent little Quad band GSM Samsung android smartphone and choose whatever kind of service you like. And you can change carriers any time you like. That's only a little more $$ than a flip phone.Overall slightly more tinkering required than a phone store but you can definitely save money -and- still have a smartphone.People think they're getting a good deal when they get low or no cost subsidized phones but trust me... you will pay for the phone. There's no free lunch!Not a perfect smartphone but a solid performer.Recommended. :)
I bought this cellphone for my daugther and she is very happy, for the many apps it has. I am in a foreing country and we are in touch by mean skype, both speak under voip. And many amazing apps like games, music, etc become it a great cellphone.
The Phone is awesome. It comes in a different language. Once set to english, the phone is a smooth ride. It has wi-fi which makes it very good. Can upgrade the android version. Call clarity is good. Its a great smart phone for its price.
I'm very pleased with my choice,Android as OS has all that I need and is easy to use. This phone arrived in german but was easy to change the language comparing both manuals (english page 84 and german page 83)so was not a big deal.The touch screen is very sensitive and i've big fingers, so i've to write carefully to not make mistakes, well, i bet its all about practice. I downloaded many useful apps and there are so many to download yet.i love both: Samsung GT i5500 Galaxy 5 and Android OS!better together!
Great little phone for the price... Worked fine in South America. Note that I had to remove the screen protection shield that I had purchased for it, because I found that it inhibited the tactile touch needed to perform functions. Of course as a diabetic, my fingertips are more calloused then most other persons; I removed it and had no further issues.
I purchased this phone for my Godson in Ecuador. This phone has been used a lot. The wifi works great. Since it is a global phone, he was able to purchase a Sim card from Movistar in Ecuador, and the phone works perfectly. I visited him this summer for six weeks, and he is very pleased this this phone.
This is a great entry level android phone. Screen is responsive, without lag time and most apps work fairly well. Phone reception quality is adequate. 2MP camera is not really worth taking decent pictures. For the money, you can't go wrong.
This is a great entry-level Android phone! I got it for myself, but gave it away to my nephew as a graduation present because he liked it so much. At the current price point, only a LG Thrive/Optimus/Phoenix is comparable and the Samsung is much higher quality.In the U.S. it will only work at EDGE speeds, so this is not a U.S. 3G phone.In terms of responsiveness, the phone is reasonably fast, with no unpleasant lag or unresponsiveness. The music player works great, and the phone itself is good as a cell phone.Because this phone is unlocked, it works on many GSM-based carriers (AT&T and T-mobile), including overseas GSM carriers. My nephew was able to use it in Panama and phone/text me from it. It will not work with CDMA carriers (Sprint and Verizon, for example).The Android 2.1 operating system is sufficient for most purposes. You will need a google account to download from the Google Market.The phone will have menus in a foreign language, but it's not too hard to find the settings and switch the language to English. This may take a bit of experimentation, and the faint of heart may be put off by this.Otherwise, this is a great entry-level Android phone from Samsung.
I just love this phone, and I'm very hard to please, even for this range of price. You can download many applications for free, my favorites are pdf acrobat reader and angry birds (Angry birds Rio is a little bit heavy for the processor, but works).I was a little worried because I've never had a touch phone, but this one blows my mind, Its sensitivity is great.GPS is amazing and the people in my cell company told me this one was the best phone for browsing the web (I belive them 'cause I didn't bought it from them). By the way the delivery was just great, I'm a recurrent costumer from Amazon and they never have let me down.The only thing that I don't like is that some times the phone tells me the micro SD card has been uninstalled (obviusly when not), I has happend about 3 times in 3 weeks. I hope is just dirt or something.
Use this phone as an overseas phone and it works fine. If you use other Samsung Galaxy phones this will be no problems. As a matter of fact, if you use any other Android phone this will be fine. It does not have a lot of memory so if you use lots of apps, this may not be the phone for you. The screen is somewhat smaller than some of the other Galaxies but still is not bad. Battery life is average. Small enough for your front jeans pocket.
All is perfect
I bought this from another vendor back in 2011 (it was $178 at the time -- the cheapest name brand smart phone....price has gone down significantly!). Then I bought another one for my mom in 2012 from Amazon. Unfortunately she lost it a year later.My phone still runs great 3 years later. It got dropped, tossed, and kicked. I've dropped it a few times on concrete to the point where the back case and battery popped out; yet it still worked without issues. And aside from scratches on the case, it held up perfectly. Just be sure to find a good protective case to make it last longer.The speed is nothing to be proud of. It is slow. That's because it's a very small inexpensive phone that's meant for light internet use. If you just like to check email or facebook, this phone is great. The browser is slow as dirt, but again, it's not meant for the hard core internet user. Games are hard to play due to the small screen size, but i managed to get a few playable games in there.Perfect for your middle schooler who wants a smart phone. It won't break the wallet if they abuse or lose it, but it's a smartphone nonetheless. So if you want speed and more options, pay for the newer Samsung Galaxy phones. But if you just want a phone that has Android and can keep you connected to email, this would be perfect for you.
I recommend it. It is exactly as published. I arrive at the stipulated time. Good product. Greetings from Mérida - Venezuela
As described. Excellent phone, Android really rules, I've found many usefull apps, this phone came well packaged, fast shipment ok.
It is not the beat one of cell phones, but i believe that for the price is a very good deal. It has most of nice functions, it works very well and has a nice design. It is possible uptade android system, but not for the last ones. The only problem is that internal memory is very small, although you can use a SD card for some things. Recommended if you cant buy the expensive ones.
is a great quality product 100% recommend, for me excellent 5 stars, I really like it, good as it is a good quality product, the seller is a responsible person who respects the delivery time is very punctual, I recommend it 100%
I bought this as a temporary replacement when my phone was damaged and I had to claim repair using warranty. It was a very good phone, probably a bit expensive, but served its purpose well.
An important specification to consider before buying this item is to make sure that the 3G operating band is the desired for the service area or country, there are two versions for this phone, the i8160 for 3G in 900 / 2100 and the i8160L for 3G in 850 / 1900.
Samsung Galaxy Ace 2.....this one GREAT PHONE for the value, it is really fantastic and great size. With heavy usage like i do you will get about 8 hrs on the battery. Use the power save feature and you will get more.
Excellent cell
ok
OK
nice doing business
Excelente
All very well, excellent product.
EXCELLENT
This phone is amazing, which I had bought it long time ago. I am recommending it to all my friends and relatives
excellent quality product certainly at an affordable price and with exceptional features full super, super practical... definitely a great phone
excelente
Excellent cell phone
Wonderful experience with this samsung18552 win Duos Dual Sim mobile but I ordered the same after experiencing many mobiles before &found many features of the phone were not. Up to the expectations when I bought this mobile I was thrilled with all its features because they measured up to high standered & my satisfaction & will satisfy anyone,by its performance.
love it! Does everything it suppose to, plus I love the price. Try it for yourself. I recommend highly. Thank you.
The phone came in perfect condition ... No kind of novelty ... Super cute and great white .... And the line without any problem ... Thanks
i love the cell because it is perfect to me. it has a good camera and a very good space of memory
Before purchasing this phone, I had the Galaxy Grand Duos with a 5 inch screen that I found to be much too bulky and heavy for me. Then I discovered this phone with a large 4.7 inch screen, and I find it sleek and light to hold and to carry around. Since I am a true techie, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:+ SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 4.7 inch screen, which I find ideal - not too small and not too large. It fits easily into my smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone. The large 4.7 inch screen size is very large in my opinion, large enough for pleasantly viewing webpages, emails, videos and more! I can easily read my emails CLEARLY with this phone.+ TWO MICRO SIZED SIM CARD SLOTS: Glad I bought a Sim cutter on Amazon. So I just cut my old standard Sim cards and popped them into this phone and they work just fine. They read my carrier plan and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.+ Screen Resolution - For me personally, I find the resolution and clarity of this screen excellent - the colors are vivid and I find it to be a very sharp and clear screen. Websites are clear and easy to read, PDF docs and emails are clear and easy to read on this large 4.7 inch screen. To make the home screen show off the icons beautifully, I went to Playstore and installed the free Backgrounds HD Wallpaper and selected a dark blue sky picture and now home screen is STUNNING and the white letters on the icons really stand out.+ Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.+ WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily and if I far from my home router, the WiFi signal has a strong signal. In fact the WiFi is very strong in every location that I tested it. When not near a WiFi hotspot, I use AT&T for data and easily get 3G and I have gotten 3G+ (there is no 4G in my area). The data is very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is.+ Camera - The camera has a 5MP, which concerned me. So I completed my through testing indoors and outdoors with this camera. Findings: Without the flash on and in good lighting, the pictures come out very clear and the colors are true, hues are perfect. When using FLASH, be sure to change the White Balance to Incandescent (if you do not, the pictures will have a dark reddish hue). Quality of the pictures: I downloaded the pictures that I took to my computer and the quality is excellent, very sharp and beautiful pictures!+ Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.+ BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - The manual states you can add up to a 64GB SD card. This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone! Personally, I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.+ INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4 GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.+ Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called Kingsoft Office which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is... So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- The instruction with the book may come to you in a non English book. Mine came in Polish and there was no book in English. I have downloaded the free full sized manual from Samsung on this phone. If you need this, contact me in the comment section and request this manual in PDF file. Or I can also provide you with the website so you can download the manual yourself.- This phone will NOT accept an OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. This was not a problem for me, I just plug in the USB Cable to copy files to the phone. So no big deal as I use Dropbox to download my photos and files and it is fast and easy.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would because for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be the best for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from this phone like the S3 or S4 models and also you want just the most important features, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.
It did everything I needed it too. Back to Thailand I go with an T-Mobile SIM + AIS SIM. Blam
Very good phone and here at Angola I use it normally without any complication. I was afraid by noting from internet that it made from China, but doubts disappeared away.
Great phone for the money. Just a good basic phone with dual sim
Excellent!!!!!
This dual sim phone is superlative , and I believe that is why Samsung called it the WIN I8552 GALAXY.. the performance of this phoneis just as impressive as the Galaxy 3, and 4 without the excessive features that people who has the 3,4,5,6 hardly use, if any at all. This is a phone that performs and takes good pictures , it is 4.7 inches tall and the grip and feel of this phone is a perfect fit for your palm. And for the price you cannot beat the quality, this phone is durable and well made, very good quality, battery life is good , go for it you will have no regrets I promise.
The "junk app" take up too much space and are not able to be deleted. Otherwise, its a good phone.
very well. thank
It works exactly as advertised.
Had to return due to straight talk not able to provide a fix for the texting. Phone was great and i wish i could have kept it. Seller was great and gave a full refund.
I have been very pleased with the phone so far. It works well on T-Mobile and it was easy to get service (though not quite as easy to keep my number---my former carrier made it hard to get my account number and that was needed to switch my number, but that isn't the fault of the phone, just of my former carrier). I bought it because I wanted a phone I could use in the US and also in Europe. I am going to Romania in about 10 days, so I'll find out soon how it works in Europe. So far it's done everything I wanted it to.
until this very well what I have to work with two operators here in Venezuela and perfect. very happy with it.
Beautiful bible
I am pretty happy with the phone itself but if I had known that the 3G won't work because it was an unlocked phone and not an AT&T issued phone (this is what the AT&T Customer Service told me when I asked about the 3G) , I probably would have think twice about purchasing the phone. However, the phone works good so far...
Great phone.Gave me everything I wanted in one package. I had to carry 2 phones in the past which was a pain. I had an S3 before and this phone is simmer in size which is a good size for me. Not to big not to small.Can easily fit in my pocket while working. The phone takes good pictures,very responsive and has good battery life. Everything I need in a phone at this time for a great price.
I didn`t get the 8 GB sd card that they offer in the pic. But i think that's not samsung problem
Excellents
Excelent!!!
I purchased this phone in August, 2014, and I am totally enjoying it. Although someone told me that dual sim phones are slow; I am satisfied with the speed at which this one works. The technology is up-to-date, and the 4.7 inch size is pleasing: not too large, not too small. Legibility of font and numbers is perfect. I highly recommend this phone.
good
Arrived on time. Lives up to expectations. The one i ordered was labled as used, but acceptable. Said it may have scratches or dents (i didnt care as long as it worked). It arrived in perfect condition and i was very pleasantly surprised!
Love it...
YES SESENTIONAL!!!!
good phone
like it very well
as advertised
came as decsribed. excellent condition. great job!!!
verry good
Excellent product recommend
great
Works Perfect!
works great! my daughter loves this phone
Awesome!
the phone did what i needed it to do.... i did have a problem with the charger port.... the seller sent me a replacement phone....the seller was awesome sauce.... the phone was just a phone.... i did get what i wanted and the price was awesome....
Great job!!!
I bought this phone, not wanting to set it up as a contract phone with Verizon. It was relatively easy to change over to a different carrier.
I love my phone, it is exactly as described. Thank you for your honesty it is really refreshing.
love this phone.
Great inexpensive entry level smart phone. I bought this for my daughter because someone had stolen her other phone. When she upgraded again I ended up giving it to my aunt who is new to the smart phone world to learn on and she loves it.
Phone was in pristine condition, too small for my hands but It's a good phone for people with small hands or children.
Thanks..........
after 4 months still working lol
I've had this same exact phone b4 and I've luvd it soo much that when my old phone broke... I could NOT b w/o it 4 very long!
The packaging was good and my daughter is happy with this item. We are very satisfied with having made this purchase through Amazon.com.
I bought this one for a friend and they are happy with it,they wanted a new phone this one they happy with it
I like this phone. It does have many features that I'll never use, (using the phone on Page Plus Wireless is limited), but it's a nice feature filled phone. The only drawback I have with it is that the battery life is a bit short. To get around the short battery life, I have disable some of the constant updates that uses data and turn them on only when I need updates. I did notice that when the data is off the picture text didn't work. I now leave the data on all the time. Over all, it's a good buy for me.
Works well on Page Plus; easy to set up and manage data. Also has wifi to use so you don't waste data! Great phone.
This phone was a good choice for someone that has never had a smart phone. He has been able to learn it mostly on his own
I bought this phone for my mother who broke her phone. The sales rep from Verizon wanted to charge her an arm and a leg for a new phone. She had no problems setting up this phone.
I am glade you had a phone i can use scene i broke my old phone and cannot afford a new expensive one this one is great.
This cellphone is very modern and user friendly and a huge step up for me from out of theold Dinosaur flip phone analog text non-color era!
Very simple. I've been told it looks like a mini version of the Samsung Galaxy. I used to have a Motorola Droid, this is way better, I just wish it had a front camera. Very top notch. Like new! Love it!
I really liked the features and look of this phone; however, had to return it because it was a 4G phone and I needed a 3G for the cheaper wireless service I was choosing. I would recommend it to a friend.
The phone is easy to use. One thing I didnt get the sd card that surpose to come with the card.
...and I don't mean that as a put-down. It's not the latest iPhone or Android wonder machine -- not that I've gotten close close to one -- but it was inexpensive and works with PagePlus network. It can handle Google Drive documents, which is a nice plus for this Chromebook user.It's also a nice phone for my wife's first smartphone. She is basically a talker / texter, and although the touch screen has been tricky for her, the Illusion is user friendly enough that she hasn't thrown it at the wall... yet :)UPDATE 2014.04.23 -->It's still a nice, basic smart phone as far as handling apps, but I felt like I needed to come back and say that if you're going to use it on the PagePlus network, it will not update the operating system automatically. That may contribute to some buggy behavior in the phone operations -- sometimes I can't get the virtual keypad to show up during a call (like when I need to press a number), and sometimes pressing a number on the virtual keypad doesn't work. I'm not sure if that's just because it hasn't been updated (due to being off the Verizon network) or just the phone itself, but there you go. It's gotten so irritating that I'm ready to try rooting it, even if that makes it unusable. I'm ready for a phone with analog buttons again, I think.And yes, it does go through battery life quickly when you have your apps updating automatically.
This seller has outstanding professionalism. He went above and beyond to deliver a great product to me. The only flaw in this item was the description said it has a front facing camera, and it doesn't. But I enjoyed my buying experience and no doubt I would recommend this seller to anyone seeking an affordable smart phone.
its very a good simple basic phone .... ...... .... ... ....the price that i paid $79.99(prime) is very good price
love the phone but after 6 months my charging end is messed up. but over all great phone I want another one it is the perfect size.
This is a great phone, it does everything I need. Plus it gives off less radiation than most phones. It had a good GPU and a great CPU some phones in this price range only have a CPU. The Samsung Processor is one of the fastest in terms of processing multi scrips, some test shows it to be faster than a dual core chip set. Wifi is set to only 25% and its still V fast if on the N setting 15Mb down and up. I have not rooted it yet, but I am sure once I do it will be faster. I would not take a diffrent higher end phone if you gave it to me.
As good a phone as any and for better than half the price I could get anywhere. Was easy activate and have had no problems.
This is a great phone for a phenomenal price. I gave it to my friend as a gift but now want it back for myself!
I was very hesitant to get a smart phone, and am still getting used to it, but I do like it alot. Easy to use, nice camera, too many features for me to ever use. Has frozen up on me a couple of times and had to take the battery out to reboot, but otherwise perfect.
Bought this phone, actually two of them for my sons and they have worked out great!! I love them and they came on time.
not a galaxy 3, but nice software, everything works. Battery kinda iffy but I bought it used and expected that. Running it downall the way occasionally and charging up turned off, and using juice defender helps. I can get two days if I don't use it alot. Already dropped it and it didn't hurt it at all, so so far so good. Didn't pay that much so pleased in that regard, and it workson Page Plus (which rokz btw) so I'm happy.
This is a nice little phone. It is my first smart phone and I have found it very easy to use. The price was unbeatable.
good price good for use i love it
The phone is great. The battery doesn't have as long of as life as my old phone.
Bought this phone when my HTC Incredible died. It does everything my other phone did, and I only paid $20 something bucks for it!! I did have a little problem at the beginning waking the phone up from sleeping, but that went away weeks ago and so far so good. I did email the seller about the issue and they got right back to me, so excellent customer service! If you need an 'upgrade' before your upgrade date, this is a great option.
thanks very happy
Item was just as described and arrived exactly when it was expected
verry good
Excellent product recommend
Works Perfect!
works great! my daughter loves this phone
Awesome!
the phone did what i needed it to do.... i did have a problem with the charger port.... the seller sent me a replacement phone....the seller was awesome sauce.... the phone was just a phone.... i did get what i wanted and the price was awesome....
I REALLYLOVED IT.
I love this phone. I had one from AT&T years ago and decided to get another. I took it on vacation and everyone liked it. I gave it away and wished I could afford to purchase another.
Great phone but no GPS due to wiped ESN # This phone can not be tracked with ESN #00000000000
very good
muy bueno
Great phone
More than I expected
good
The phone itself is awesome. The seller shows a picture of several items you think you'll be receiving. Not the case. You get the phone, charger, battery, and the manual. Back to the picture which shows 3 different cases and a screen protector. I didn't receive any of them. But the phone is great meets all my needs.
I would really have preferred the Samsung Note 2, but that is way over-priced. The Infuse is a very good phone with most of the bells and whistles for which one would hope.
Excellent phone looks and works like a brand new phone.
Good
awesome
Good
Like the phone its a little slow but that ok
Excellent...
good phone, no ear buds or adapter for sd card ?? that came with my first new Infuse, POORLY packaged by shipper came in a bag, no padding and bag was tore lucky the phone was ok
Best phone I've had. It works well, and I'm always getting compliments on the photos I take with it.
Nice phone. It will not run all apps you want it to run due to the older Android operating system.
A low end smart phone that has all the simple features I need with a modern look. I do not like the battery lid or phone shell because it is really flimsy. So for someone like me who will end up dropping her phone, I had to buy a protective phone case.
Great buy works great ,thank you
Excellent
FIRST TOUCH SCREEN PHONE FOR MY MOM ,SHE WASN'T SURE SHE WAS GOING TO LIKE IT BUT SHE'S CRAZY ABOUT IT NOW.
Very good phone and fast delivery I'm very satisfise with the item
Had this phone for 3 1/2 almost 4 years and it still works great. I would totally reccomend this phone to a friend.
thanks for the article I'm comfortable with the product
great
good
great
great phone!
Works well.
Exactly what I wanted and it arrived 3 days earlier than the date they said it would. I love it.
This phone is just what I was expecting. The condition of it was perfect as if it had never been used. I have been using it for a while now and it works great. I would certainly buy from this seller again.
works great, i will buy here again
This phone was exactly what I was looking for after my first one decided to go to the point of no return. It worked and did not have any scratches or anything on it. The only problem that I have had with it is now after a few months is that after a couple days I would have to power it down and back up because my volume setting for ringtones and alarms would decide to be on loud rather than on silent or vibrate as well as having to power it down every other day to every day because of its not wanting to sound my scheduled alarms but acted as if they were not even set at all. This is the only problem that I have had with it (which is minor). As long as it remains able to call and send texts that is all that really matters to me.
Bought this for my technologically challenged dad. He loves it. Goes straight to speaker when he slides the phone. The font size is large and buttons are large enough for those with not so great vision. Pretty durable too.
I absolutely love the Samsung Intensity 3 phone. It provides for me the two things that I most wanted - smaller size phone witth a pull out keyboard. I'm sure that it has other great features, but it came without a manual, so I shall have to discover these along the way.
Great
Excellent phone
I like this phone because it is simple but sometimes doesnt hold a charge very long.
My son has had no problems. He has been using it for frequent texting for 2 months now.
I had the same phone before. Love the features. I needed this for a pre-paid account. Product was shipped promptly and had no trouble getting it set up on my account.
Extremely pleased ... cheaper than insurance.
arrived on time and works good
The phone arrived in due time and is working well. Thanks
Was exactly what I wanted and what they said they would ship.
Exactly what I wanted, an updated prepaid version of my Intensity 2 phone, it works great! Highly recommended!
Exactly what I expected brand new in box and had one just like it previously. Like slide out qwerty key pads
Good product and superior customer service
The first phone I received was horrible, but I got a replacement and it works great.
Excellent product, fast shipping!!!
Phone came quickly, was charged and ready to use. It took 5 min to activate it with my carrier. Have been using it for a couple of weeks. Works excellently, would definitely purchase another one from this seller.
Bought this as a replacement phone for my teenage son. The phone works perfectly!
It's perfect for me. I only call & text
Looked new and worked great.
This is a great phone for those who aren't quite ready to take the next step in technology. The phone has performed very well and I was a little skeptical because it was used. No problems at all!
good shape. works well. quick delivery.
New copy of my old phone.. Wanted to keep this model because it is eary to use and so happy I found a new one.. Thank you so much. With the new cases I bought for it it is beautiful
Thumbs up
Basic. No frills!
Fast delivery & the item was better then expected. Very good deal.
Great customer service. Phone excellent
that was a replacement for my work phone which got stepped on and broke the screen it was just as represented and I'm happy with it
I received the phone in record time and it works great. The only thing is it isn't gray as advertised, it's green. Didn't return it because I needed it right away.
Phone is working great!
I love this phone. The only thing I would change about it is to get an automatic locking feature with passcode. As of now to lock the phone with a passcode you have to go through 5 menu choices. Maybe there are mods around that I'm not aware of.Also is particular fragile if dropped on concrete, get a case.
I could have bought this phone directly from Verizon, for the same price, plus upgrade fee, plus two-year extension on my contract. I bought it here instead to save money. I don't know if it was a problem with the phone or Verizon's system, but I had a little trouble getting it connected to my account; one call to customer service easily resolved that problem, in less than ten minutes, and it's been working perfectly ever since. Very pleased.
Arrived just as described.
This model of phone is easy to use, and works great! Have had one in the past and really liked it.
great
great phone!
Works well.
Exactly what I wanted and it arrived 3 days earlier than the date they said it would. I love it.
This phone is just what I was expecting. The condition of it was perfect as if it had never been used. I have been using it for a while now and it works great. I would certainly buy from this seller again.
works great, i will buy here again
This phone was exactly what I was looking for after my first one decided to go to the point of no return. It worked and did not have any scratches or anything on it. The only problem that I have had with it is now after a few months is that after a couple days I would have to power it down and back up because my volume setting for ringtones and alarms would decide to be on loud rather than on silent or vibrate as well as having to power it down every other day to every day because of its not wanting to sound my scheduled alarms but acted as if they were not even set at all. This is the only problem that I have had with it (which is minor). As long as it remains able to call and send texts that is all that really matters to me.
I absolutely love the Samsung Intensity 3 phone. It provides for me the two things that I most wanted - smaller size phone witth a pull out keyboard. I'm sure that it has other great features, but it came without a manual, so I shall have to discover these along the way.
Just what we needed.
Phone was in good condition and has worked great so far.
Nice basic phone, let's me text easier than T9! Who still uses these? ME!!!
The phone was in excellent shape! Looked like new. It's the same phone my husband has now that's he's refused to replace and it's falling apart but he loved it so much it couldn't bare to start with a whole new phone. So I got the next best thing...a next to new exact match to his! He loves it!! It arrived on time if not earlier. Excellent price also!
Works great with my Verizon contract. Replaced one of our cell phones with this and have had zero issues with it! Would definitely purchase this again and from this seller also! Thank you!
Phone was what I expected and it came faster than I expected so that was good. It's been working well since I received it
it was okay fun
Good little phone, does everything you'd expect.
Great phone for great price. recommended!
it was great one phone didn't work so I thought I would have to like for a new phone but they replaced it it was great would buy again from this place
Works well would buy again.
In wonderful condition and working well. No surprises
wonderful phone! works great! best customer service i've ever received online! some of the buttons would stick on my originally purchased phone, but figured that was the price you paid for such a low priced phone....they shipped me a new one completely free! A+
I've had my Samsung Intensity II for years. It don't use it for social media or to surf the web. It is just a great reliable, affordable, everyday cell phone. My last one lasted for two years. I'm sure this one will also. Can't beat that for the price!!
excellent phone throw it ground still wakes up
The phone works great. We were surprised by no wall connector but was easily fixed at wall mart.
Great little phone for price
As advertised
exactly what we wanted, came when promised
good stuff
These phones are workhorses...they have been dropped, washed, dried, left on the lawn overnight...pop them in a bag of rice and they are good to go! I always keep a spare so my boys can "wash one and wear one". The seller is prompt and the phones are mint/look new. If you need a "dumb phone" with a querty keyboard that holds a charge forever-look no further!
disculpen la tardanza en valorar, es un equipo con mucha utilidad, con aplicaciones que hacen mas fácil la comunicacióngracias
I've had this phone for a year now and love it. Got T-Mobile for it and I use it every day. It's been through alot and still works like the day I got it, but with quite a few nicks, scratches, and even dents on the sides. Most of which were my friends fault for taking my phone and messing with it. I'd suggest getting a case for it. Just incase you have crazy friends that like to take your phone like me. The screen get's lots of finger prints and grease on it but what phone doesn't? If you get water or in many of my cases sweat on the screen it'll wack out or just stop working until it's cleaned and dried. Hasn't ever been a big problem for me but there could be times when you stuck in the rain, need to call for a ride, and the screen won't work because one too many droplets got on it. The camera and video camera are great, can take really good pictures and video aslong as you don't use zoom or shake it too much, the phone looks cool, has good sound, and has served me well. I payed 220 bucks for it and is worth every penny.
I bought this Samsung cellphone and it has really good features, the only complain that I have is that the setup and the language was in chinese. So I needed to "reformat" it and install a new firmware (US). Apart from that, is a good cellphone.
This is a great phone that, unfortunately, Samsung doesn't manufacture anymore.
I bought this for my mom when her old flip phone bit the dust. She has no interest in a "smart" phone, so I went shopping on Amazon to find what she wanted. This phone was actually better than what she had, and she's really happy with it.
Excellent phone for just texting and calling
We have just had phone connected to Verizon, so far unable to delete missed calls in group, only one at a time. Time will tell if any other "blips" show up.
Samsung phone is good...only thing was there no recharge phone cord.
Great..........just what I wanted !!!!!!!!!!!
Phone works great. The delivery time was longer than expected
Bought this for my 93 year old mother in law to replace a smart phone that she never usedShe is always on the phone now.No camera
Easy to use for non-technical use. Seller shipped promptly.
Mother-in-law loves the simplicity of this phone. Buttons are big - and answering is simple by just opening phone. Had a little difficulty with Verizon employee not knowing how to sync older phones to network, so if you have trouble - find a tech who knows what they are doing.
Seller is willing to work with me. The phone is actually just what I needed. I do not txt, or take pictures. I only need a plain & simple phone. I can figure out the phone as I go.
The phone works like new all I had to do was clean it up a little and take it to get activated.
I recently ordered a Samsung Flip Phone through Amazon.com. The seller was extremely efficient in sending us the product. It was shipped the next day and arrived within 5 days which we appreciated since we were leaving on a trip and needed the phone ASAP. The phone was practically new and had no defects. Verizon had no trouble flashing it. I appreciate the promptness with which the seller handled this transaction
She says it's perfect. She can hear, its easy, and its EASY. She downgraded from a Droid Razr, and now she is in love with this phone
I got it for my 88 year old, macular degenerated, no longer tech savvy Mom. It replaces another Samsung flip phone that she plain wore out. Learning curve on this one is easy for here. The voice dialing is very easy and works extremely well. A nice little feature is that it has a hole on the upper left part of the case for attaching a lanyard or a neck loop. She loops it around her neck, to be available if she falls, helps her find it, and keeps it safe from dropping. The last Samsung was a tough little bugger, hoping the same for this one. Only criticism is that Amazon kinda implied that it came with a cradle, it didn't. But they have them for about $7. Important accessory for blind old people who have trouble plugging in the charger to the side of the phone.
Only problem we had was activating it had to manually program works great
My husband prefers the simplicity of the flip phone.
it's my mom"s 3rd one. she is 74 and does not want to learn how to use a smart phone. so good price, she loves it, which means it's all good.
It was a great experience the phone came in perfect condition it arrived within days for a fair price . The company that sold it to me was concerned about my experience also . Very happy with them
Great value and works great!
received product on time. The phone looked great and works great.
Grandma had one got wet so she liked it so got another one for her works great very happy
Perfect
perfect for my mom with dementia. I bought the charging base to go with it. Now it never goes dead
Had standard wear and tear of a used phone but in good shape overall. I got this for Verizon daily plans after calling them to confirm they still offered them because the website link didn't act right. They said they did but it had to be activated over the phone. It took me an hour to get this answer and when I called today to activate they said that plan had been discontinued a while back. I was fairly mad because going with their $15 a month prepaid plan would cost $100 a year more than the plan my mom is on now. Then I remembered Page Plus Cellular and activated the phone through them. $10 every 120 days for 100 minutes. Perfect for my mom who only keeps the phone for emergencies. She doesn't even leave it on in her purse. I don't think she has ever made a call from her current phone. This is the ideal solution and the best phone for this use, very simple and easy to use. Large font.
Product as described, fast shipping.
It is as good as my old phone. Thank you.
Great phone for my elderly Mother.
Outstanding and actually new not used.
it met all of my expectations.
Thanks
I bought it for my handicap sister...she's had no problems. It's a simple small phone, perfect for her
In almost perfect shape (some light wear on the battery cover, nothing that you can see very clearly). Happy with the phone. No sound quality problems as others have reported. Great for those searching for a basic phone. No internet, no camera, bigger lettering.
This phone is everything I hoped it would be. I received this phone rapidly from the seller, and I was very impressed with the solid, durable sensation of it in my hand. Just as impressive, I could not tell the difference between the condition of this phone and the condition of a new phone I would have purchased at a retailer.The sound quality is excellent and superior to that I was accustomed to in my previous phone,. I wanted to avoid the distraction and increased cost, which are part of the smart phone experience. The U310 exceeded my expectations, and I am tempted to buy more of these to keep in reserve.
I purchased two of these phones (when this model was new) for my father. It's awesome in so many ways, and the phones he has have lasted for five or more years! I purchased this replacement when we thought he had damaged one of his phones. Luckily, his phones are still kicking, but I was delighted to be able to find a replacement (to have on hand) if I ever need another one for him. I was pretty bummed when I learned that the model is no longer available, and (unfortunately) its successor isn't as "senior friendly" as this good ole Knack is!
Good basic phone for voice & text. Nice flip case. Low profile. Lightweight. Long battery life.Inexpensive monthly fees for services.
My husband really liked having a flip phone instead of a smart phone. This phone is easy to use and is only numbers. No other gadgets. Phone was easy to activate and arrived very fast.
It's simply just a phone and I like that . Very easy to use. I wear readers and can see who's calling without my readers on. My battery last forever, just need to charge now and then.
looks like new! so much nicer than expected. simple with larger buttons.
Very happy with my phone and it works well and shipping was great.
hubby - really happy w/his flip phone! working for the govt can't upgrade to the new phones...
Bought phone as an emergency phone for my 83 yr old mother. She loves it, easy for her to use.
I purchased this phone because my 89 year old mother dropped and broke her phone. This replacement came quickly and worked with no problems.
I needed a phone for my mother-in-law and she seems to be happy with it.
works good
It's not fancy, but it's the kind of phone I like. It is small, compact and simple to operate. I don't need all the fancy stuff on the more expensive phones.
I have low vision and this phone is perfect for me. My first one died and my husband found this one for me. I gave up a Smart Phone for this one and I don't feel a bit dumb. Thank you
We buy so many Samsung products...This is a good simple phone for the money used as a replacement phone for the business
I love this Phone stays charged for 34 days at a time gave up Droid for this one. Upper Very Good product in the Cold of Mn
The Samsung Knack flip phone is in good condition & it works fine! This is good for children with the limitations of text & talk only.
This is actually the second time I have purchased this device. My father lost his first one and I purchased this one again. My father has dementia and is very comfortable using this device! What I like about it for him is the keypad is big- so it's great for his eye sight. It's basic and easy to navigate throughout the phone and the speaker is loud on the phone as well.
I purchased this phone from WIRELESS KINGS and I am happy with the phone just as much as the service!The font size and icons on the phone are clearly visible for all to see, I recommend this phone for people who are looking for a big clear fonts on the screen!Although I am happy with the phone, I asked for a refund because I had initially thought this cellphone had a SIM card (which is my fault) but WIRELESS KINGS were kind enough to understand my reasoning for a refund.All in all, this is a great phone and I HIGHLY recommend anyone buying a cellphone or any electronic device, to choose WIRELESS KINGS, they are kind, professional and meet every deadline! :) :) :)
A good phone and very useful. Programmable to a new number. Met my expectations entirely and completely. Would recommend it
It is a very user friendly phone my husband, who is not tech savvy at all, can really get along with.
I ordered this phone for my grandfather and when it arrived he really liked it. It seemed easy to use, it doesn't have a camera or any other features on it. It just made phone calls and that's what he wanted. When I tried to activate it I ran into some problems. I called MasterDeals (and after some explaining) they made the problem right. If I needed to purchase one of their products again I would. I didn't have the phone long enough or even get it activated to be able to review the product itself. I can only review the company that sold it to me. They have a phone number and multiple people that answer the phone so if there is an issue you don't have to file a claim through the internet and hope that it sees a humans eyes. However, they are on the east coast and close at 3pm PST which made it more difficult to inform them of the problem I had since I'm out in California.
I have been looking for a basic phone just like this one with big keypad for my father, he is 75 yrs old and hard of hearing. My father really likes the phone because the ring volume is loud & he can see the big keypad. Also he doesn't know how to send pictures so he don't need a camera nothing fancy. Highly recommended for senior or if you just want a basic phone.
The phone was exactly what it was described from this seller. The only thing I am not too fond of is that the keys feel very fragile plastic and not good quality, but overall the phone is good. The shipping was GREAT! It came a few days earlier than expected.
Perfectly simple.
I got this from my brother and he is very happy and satisfied with it
I originally bought this phone for my mother from a retail store. She's practically deaf. I haven't really researched phones for the deaf, but on this phone she can hear the caller fairly clear without her hearing aid on. The speaker went out (not the speaker phone but the regular ear piece speaker), so I bought the 1st replacement here on Amazon back in 2013. It lasted almost 3 years and the speaker went out again. So I bought the 2nd replacement at the beginning of this month (May 2016). Hopefully it lasts as long as the previous ones did.
Needed a phone with big numbers
911 button easy to accidentally hit
Met expectations
Pros: Phone works very well, Decent reception, volume can be turned up very high, Can make the font very large... Sturdy enough... easy to dial. Activated easily on Page Plus Cons: Husband doesn't like the voice command feature... It seems to activate even though the settings are OFF ...probably human error but he could do without it. Don't like the 911 button...it does ask "do you want to call 911" but the button is too easy to push by mistake.
Was a perfect phone for my Mother. The keys are larger than other flip phones without bells and whistles. Shipped super fast. Thank you!
Like vew controls. Do not have any dislikes. Had a Galaxy 111 smart phone and did not like it. Galaxy had too much.
It is a very user friendly phone my husband, who is not tech savvy at all, can really get along with.
Needed this as a replacement for the exact same phone; it came right away and was exactly as advertised.
I brought this for my 98 year old Uncle so he could call us everyday
Great product, great ebay'r, no shipping problems
Good replacement phone
they sure dont make em like this anymore
No complaints! Fast arrival
Phone worked as indicated on listing. Verizon had to call tech support to get it to function, but once connected it worked fine. Received the item on time and in good condition.
looks like new! so much nicer than expected. simple with larger buttons.
Very happy with my phone and it works well and shipping was great.
Basic. Easy to use
Was perfect for my caveman husband who doesn't want a smartphone! Hooked up to our verizon acct without a hitch
Great little phone
Amazing customer.service. any issues they are quick to respond and help. Great product! Highly recommend.
Excellant product and shipper !
I bought this for my mom when her old flip phone bit the dust. She has no interest in a "smart" phone, so I went shopping on Amazon to find what she wanted. This phone was actually better than what she had, and she's really happy with it.
Excellent phone for just texting and calling
i like very nice see to samsung galaxy note 3 16 GBthank you
Phone is doing well so far...easy to use etc.
so far going good
recommended 100 %
Excellent
Returned due to wrong order
I'm loved my galaxy note 3 neofaster delivered...
Very nice phone but my GPS was acting up
Nice. Very nice.
liked it, but it's a little slow, and it's european version
Unbelievable .....
Good mobile phone. No version for LTE yet. Not much different from previous Notes. Supplied on time.
i love the phone so much
Good product as we wanted an unlocked international version. Had no problems using it in Thailand with a Thai SIM card so highly recommend this Samsung model.
A+++ Very good transaction.
Ok
Nice
Good choice. Improved version of Note 2 with lower price. My wife loved it.
I had an iphone 4 and i am happy with this ....has everything about note 3 ...but is cheaper ....so an opportunity to save money ... and still have a note 3 ....also the size is perfect.... better than the regular note 3 ....
it great i love it
I'm in love with this phone! The quick start manual was in another language so I had to download a manual. Also the charger isn't compatible with US outlets but came with a connentor . Doesnt stay in the plug well so I ordered a different port. Other than those things it was worth the money!!
very good product
Good
Its very light weight compact and stylish.
Excelent product
Very nice
Very good performance, great design, absolutely love it!
It's awesome.
good phone, i like it. thanks
Love it!!
This item was received as was advertised. Excellent phone.
GOOD
excelente
excelente
Excellent sale, totally recommend. The product is excellent
VERY NICE CELLPHONE
I really liked this phone, not only for the Android experience it offers but also for the size, which was very important to me. I am not into the large phones so I sought out small smartphones and came across the Galaxy Mini series of phones. This was a really good deal, even with the phone's flaws and drawbacks. The phone is running 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) and according to AT&T and Samsung, neither of them can upgrade the firmware version on this phone to the most recent Android that was made available for other variants of the S3 Mini because it is an international version. The Samsung Experience Center at my local Best Buy tried to help but were also unable. Even while the Android version isn't the latest it still offers, does, and has a lot- especially with using Google services to get cross-device integration, so there's not too much I can't do from my phone or that I can't also access via my laptop. The phone itself can run hot sometimes when running many apps and can also lag quite a bit when trying to navigate between several apps at once. Rather low RAM and internal memory, something an micro SD card can't help or change, but I do have a 32GB one in my phone that I save anything I can to in an effort to conserve the phone's internal memory. Battery life could be much better, barely gets through half a day without needing to charge but it's manageable for my lifestyle. Also pretty sturdy and durable build. Had no problems with connectivity for wifi or my service provider. At one point the headphone port was causing any headset inserted to play only through one ear, happened suddenly and randomly went back to normal about a week after it initially started, hasn't done it since. The speakers could be much louder but it's decent.This is my first TouchWiz experience and must say I'm not in love with it but using the phone all in all is pretty straightforward, easy, and convenient.
good
Just got my new phone. Worked perfectly straight from the box. Wish it had come with an English version of the instructions but found them online so no biggie.
excelente
muy bien
Works totally well in Venezuela. Recommended!
This is a great phone for international travels. It fully met my expectations in terms of system requirements and battery life duration. I highly recommend this product.
Excellent, very good.
100% recomendado
excelente
The gray version I ordered was delivered on time, was as described except that the phone and manual were in Russian (?). I do not speak or read Russian so conversion of the phone to English was by trial and error. Appears to work.
It works well enough. I'm having some difficulty in getting pics to open when they are text to me.That's probably me not setting something up right.
Works great with att. Get a free Sim from your local store. Good phone for the price!
Good
muy bien
Buen producto.
VERY GOOD
Going from a windows phone to Android phone.Let me just say this is the media player would have to be my favorite app on my phone Iuse it all the time and it puts windows media player to shame with the ability to stream my music to my XBOX 360.My biggest gripe is all the things needed to be accessed by the apps, do you really need to have access to my contacts?One game I like playing on windows and android is AE jewels the android version has the stupid micro transaction andannoying ads that pop up before you play the game unlike the windows phone with a ad on the bottom.As long as they don't mess with the media player like windows did I will be a happy camper.I will update this review after a few months of use.PS. My Nokia charger works with the phone and so far I have had no issues with using a U.S. charger.So far I have had this phone for 3 months now and it's working real good, my only complaint is the weather app that isincluded with it stopped working.Does anyone know how to set the alarm on this phone I tried looking everywhere?
ok
:like:
I sent the phone one of my kids to Venezuela and works OK calling Skype etc. The only thing was the box came unsealed, but everything inside was OK.
EXCELENTE!
it is good prodact you should try this
Very satisfied with this phone.
Excellent
perfect
Excellent
excellente
good
bueno
Excelente !!!!
excelente
I own both the Samsung S3 and Samsung S4 and was looking for an entry level phone for my teenage son. It fits the requirement nicely. The OS is current and let's him work and play using all the latest applications. It follows the S3 exactly so my wife and I know enough for us to walk him through anything that needs to be done. Some of the more advanced features of the full size Samsung are missing but nothing he would really need anyway. Only negative is color Grey doesn't look as nice as some of the other colors Samsung has, but he has a case on it anyway so nobody even sees that.
Decided to upgrade to a newer smart phone and this Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini fits that bill perfectly.
Good phone and good delivery time.
easy to use this is the second one for me and my wife. Nice and compact takes good photos and easy to upload to other devices. its like a mini tablet, but is also a phone.it accepts my new Zealand sim card but am currently in the usa so am yet to try it in new Zealand ,it is unlocked so it is supposed to work.
excellent
Excelent
Excellent
muy buen producto
exelente produco
Excellent good product
exelente
I activated this phone today. Although I liked phone so far but did not like few things.First I bought this phone because of price but i have to pay close to iphone 4 new or iphone 5 refurbished. The phone was 142 but I have to pay extra 25 for a new sim. Also I thought shiping was free but I have tp pay extra 6 for shipping. I hope phone will not have any problems.
This is a great phone for a great price, works perfectly in Venezuela with any carrier.
This is one of my favorite's smartphones... The Samsung Galaxy S3 mini is Small but Powerful and Complete with all functions that you need.Its simple...Its nop cheap but its not very expensive...Adjust to the economy of very people...I like this phone...Have a great camera and a wonderful HD display.
Excelent! Flawless Victory!
excelente
very happy
excellent product
excelente
very good thanks
the product and the seller very good,thanks
nice phone, works well in venezuela,
and excellent product
good phone, everything ok.
Excellent, everything in order, 100 % Recommended!
excellent product in perfect condition
buenisimo
Excelente...
Excelent!
excelente
excellent
Perfect
Bien!
I LOVE THIS PHONE AND IT IS A GOOD PHONE TO HAVE AND IT WORKS PERFECT. I CAN USE THE PHONE ON HANDFREE MODE TO READ MY MESSAGES AND SPEAK INCOMING CALLS IF I AM DRIVING AND USING MY TWO HANDS AT THE SAME TIME..
Ecxelent
exelente
Great
Very Good
recommended no problem everything was on time
I love this product. It arrived on the expected day. It works perfectly in Venezuela. I'm very happy with this cell phone.
good
Muy Bueno.
very good
Excellent phone for the price. Arrived exactly as shown. two months already with 100% satisfaction.
excellent
Excellent. It works perfect with Movistar in Venezuela. I only had to change the sim for a smaller one.
excelent!!!!!
Great phone. Love it!!
Great phone
Venezuela get everything right without adesperfectos , was what necesitab
Very nice phone, bought it as a present and will definitely consider buying a Galaxy series phone.
exelente producto
good
I had a s2 lite before. This S4 is pretty good. I do recommend.
EXCELENTE GRACIAS
EXCELLENT
all good
Excellent Phone. Thanks.
i love it
VERY GOOD
IN LOVE WITH MY PHONE!!!! I bought it as an international client, and was a little bit scared, but it was the biggest online "risk" I ever took and was rewarded.........Thank you for my great service Samsung
This smart phone works perfect in Venezuela with Movilnet.
dandy
Very nice gadget excellent
very good... excelent
I love ... it worked perfect in Venezuela .
excellent
very nice device
excelent
Excellent product, I recommend the seller.
excellent
Good
Excellent. The seller deliver the product in Time.Thank you so much!
very satisfied with the product, price, service and timing
good
verry good
Very good phone, with great screen and functionalities, only problem is the battery. I've had it for 6 months today and since the first 2 months it lasts much less than any other phone and goes from 25% to 0% in a few minutes. Had no luck. I'm buying a new one today. Wish the seller would give me one.
Perfect
GRACIASSS
Working good in US, though occasionally system turns off and gets on after battery charging. But, overall happy with performance.
excelent
Excelent Product
Good morning , a month ago I made a purchase of a cellular galaxy S4 samsumg MINI , I am in Venezuela and get a package that no cell correponde instead came a lg clock, it has been a long time but I expected more responsibility on their part.Alfonso Sancheza_sanchez_4@hotmail.com
excelente telf
excelent
Wonderful device , it works great
sometimes the battery madden but in general it s a great cell phone
Exactly as expected. Surprise it has Italian manual
Exccelent product...!!
The excellent phone , very elegant, I love!!! the only thing wrong was that they sent me a European adapter, the rest all great.
bien
Excellent price and device.
Very good phone.Pros: Good voice and sound support, good camera, nice display, easy to hold, light, good battery life.Cons: difficult to set up email, especially IMAP, S-Voice is annoying.
Very light...love it :)
Thanks for this product and your service. I have 62 years and i am afraid to buy for Internet. I read and hear to much problems with the ciber crimen spacialy with the tha credit card.This is a good oportunity to me yu buy with us.I thnks that I buy another similar phone.Cesar CUESTA
Excellent value for money. All round happy with it. Battery life not as long as I had expected and hoped for. SD card means you increase the memory CHEAPLY!NO 4G sign on T-mobile but internet is faster than my 4G iphone 4S.
Happy with my new phone
Just perfect!
Excellent
the small phone is mroe comfortable in my hands - the S4 mini has a great screen but 8GB of RAM is too small. after 2 months of use the phone starts to be slow and battery life is not good. I get 10 hours of normal use which means at the early evening i have to charge it
+++Thank you !!! -- Good Product !!! +++
I get excellent time established I recommend
excelente producto
Excellent quality and easy to use.
Delivery was on time and phone is perfect!
Satisfactory expectationes about this product
excelent
excellent
VERY GLAD WITH THIS ITEM
Worked perfectly out of the box. The correct phone was received unlike other reviewers here. Im using this IN the USA on an ATT MVNO called H2O wireless which I highly recommend. Pulled the phone out, plugged the sim card in, turned it on... it auto downloaded my MMS and internet settings and everything was good to go. Wifi works fine as also stated by some other reviewers. Internet works fine once APN settings were downloaded. The only thing different about this vs the USA locked versions is there is no notification light feature for texts/charging/emails.
It's working as expected that's why i gave give star.
Very good
It works well
Great product... all though samsung has issues with baterries, they heat up
Good morning my name is ana escalante my phone s4 mini gt-9195 model has a manufacturing defect, the phone stopped on and not turn on or by connecting the charger or USB to my computer. I would like to know how is the procedure for return of defective product. soon I expect answers from you, thank you very much.
It's very good phone I brought it for my sister and she loves it.
Excellent
excelent, thank for all, regards
I recommend it, thank you very much
All OK
GOOD
very good, fast works perfectly with movistar and movilnet: lacking was the charger connector
great
All as described. Fast shipment!
excelente
muy bueno, mi esposa ya tiene 6 meses con el, con movistar y todo bien.
EXCELLENT
RECOMMENDED OPERATING IN PERFECT THANKS
EXCELENTE EQUIPO. OFRECE TODO LO NECESARIO
Exce
Excellent cellphone!
Excelentes!!!
Exclente, it was what I expected.
all good
excellent seller, item in excellent quality
I like it
excelente lo recomiendo
Being the first time to buy abroad, online and TDC had many questions and concerns, but turned out to be good and rewarding experience. I could buy a good cell phone, here are expensive. SHOPEBEST announcement proves true, it is released (unlocked) internationally (because here in Venezuela I can use it without any problem) is white and is 8Gb, excellent operating system, camera, applications and fast. Although I have to narrow, since I got it a few weeks ago, me happened because a couple of times off and if you press the power button does not light (I have to remove and replace the battery again) but otherwise no complaints and visually SAMSUNG GALAXY MINI GT-i9195 S4 turns out to be attractive. He sent by SHOPEBEST and Amazon was quick, I'm good without objection, without details and with all that specific in its box.
This is the best phone ever: easy to use, fast, and it looks good. I had no problems with it. Everything described came with a sealed box and once I turned it on, after connecting to wifi, I could navigate on the Internet. I also didn't have any problems with the simcard. It's unlocked. The pnly reason I bought this one was the size because I think Samsung phones are too big. Even though this is a "mini," still it is quite big. Well, according to Samsung standars, it is pretty small but in comparison to other smartphones, it is still big. No complaints, though. I'm totally lovin' it!
Excelent
Although not fully tested, it looks fine.
all good
Good phone . Low sound small number for pin
very good
excellent and good product .
worked as expected, previously had an iphone, and I miss IOS.
Got it for birthday gift. They liked it
My Kid love it!
excellent
very good product and I'm very satisfied
Excellent
muy buen producto
Excellent
perfecto
It's what I expected. Works well overseas, in Honduras specifically.
Excellent product
Excelente
Good product
Excellent very responsible recommend
excellent
Excelent Phone Works perfect with digitel Venezuela Phone in excellent condition
Excelente producto
excellent recommend
Just Love it, Excelent phone, perfect Size and performance plus is fast and easy to use, if you want a great phone just get this one.------------------Genial, Es excelente el teléfono, el tamaño perfecto y el desempeño es optimo, ademas es rápido y fácil de usar, si quieres un gran teléfono compra este!!
Great
Very good!
very good
good
Excellent computer, samsung galaxy s4 pedi mini 9195 and so was sent by shopebest seller. He was taken to the direction indicated by this date. It works great here in Venezuela.
Excellent product, arrived sealed and works great with all my pais..se operators heats up a little, maybe the battery .Very fast and fun, I loved it.
a product that meets all my expectations
Perfect!!!
EXCELLENT
MUYBUNEO
Excelent Supplier !! Great devise
excellent
Excelent!!!!@
Excellent
excelente
I've had this phone for almost 3 weeks now and so far so good. No problems at all. I think I love it
EXCELENTE
VERY GOOD
This was purchased as a gift and shipped off so I had no chance to actually test it. Was told by receiver that the battery does not hold a charge so i suspect even though the item did look new it was a used battery possibly or a knock off. For that reason I'm rating it 4 stars. However the phone itself looks very nice and it did fire up as expected.
perfect bought
Ok
So far working fine
excelente
exelent
I am very happy with the S4 mini. The phone is light weight and the display is really bright. All the apps run just as fast as on the S4 and the battery life will last the whole day.
This is my 5th Samsung phone now. I like the minis because of the compact size and the screen is still bigger than the iphone 5. The camera takes excellent pics and great videos. Would never use any other phone!
At the beginning the screen had a problem probably due to the cover. I removed it and made the phone fixed and now it is super ok!!
Good
Excellent
excelente
Excelente
excelente
I recommend it, thank you very much
ok
Excellent
I like it because it meets my use expectations and needs.
Excelente Producto recomendado 100%
exselente
muy buen producto
Brand new original package with all accessories phone has exceeded my expectations. The seller is reliable and meets... 100% Recommended!
excellent
excellent
Excellent product
Very Good
Muy buen producto.
excelent
excelente
This is an excellent product! All features are great! The relation of price/performance was real! The graphics and apps are great
It has everything that it said on the description. Good quality, fast deliver, excellent packaging. And the best of all was the price.
Extremely good!!
Great phone. I moved up from a galaxy s2, and I'm glad I did. I prefer the smaller size of this phone versus the newer, larger mobile computers that everyone is carrying. The size makes it easier to use with one hand. Fits into my pocket easier, also.I purchased this phone unlocked and noticed all the literature inside the box was in Spanish. Once I turned the phone on, I setup it up for English as I'm in the USA. The Samsung service automatically transferred my settings and files from my old phone to my new one. Also, I just went to T-mobile and got a micro-SIM and it works flawlessly. I think I'm getting another one for my wife.
I love this cellphone
excellent product
love this phone
In USA: The phone is exactly what I wished it would be. I hoped that it would get 4G or at least 3G in the USA but it gets no data in the USA. However, it can be used to make phone calls in the USA (I am using ATT in the states and the phone is supposed to be unlocked. I have a normal Samsung Galaxy S4 as my phone in the USA and it gets 4G with the same SIM card).In Brazil: I got this phone for traveling to Brazil and it has been great, I am with Claro in Belem. It get 4G in Brazil and I can make phone calls in Brazil. I downloaded KIK, Whatsapp, and Viber on the phone, all work perfectly. I use KIK and Whatsapp to text through WIFI and use Viber to make free phone calls to my family in the USA over WIFI.My only real complaint is that you do have the Samsung apps on it taking more space than I would like. The 8GB is very limiting on how many apps you can download because it keeps telling me that I am running out of space even though I have an external SD card that I have tried to put most of the apps on. If you're traveling looking for a good phone to use for traveling, this one has been perfect with the exception of no 4G in the USA but that more so deals with the way the two different countries having their data system set up.
excellent product
Super! Size is perfect for my small hand. Works perfect. I love it!
excelente
excellent buy
100% Original. 100% Recomended
The phone is perfect , very cute, lightweight, has an ideal size.Venezuela works perfectly . I love him!
Excelente.
Excelent
Excelent, recomended.
Excellent
Thank you very much. I recommend
Excelente muchas gracias
Excelente
love it
excente telefono
good phone
It works very well with our T-Mobile and everything was in English.
excellent
Good phone.
Hi, My name es Isai From venezuela. I use movistar here, and the phone have been working good till today. I recommend all to you, buy it with confident.
I just came back from Europe and phone was working absolutely great!I had My Touch before other phone was slow no reaction to commends, this one is fast and smooth.
I will buy again from this merchant. Further, and very important. Think Green, Please protect animals and plants, recycle everything you can, no littering and use it enough to completely finish any product. Transmit this message to others.Comprare nuevamente en este negocio. adicionalmente, Piensa Verde, por favor protege a los animales y las plantas, recicla todo lo que puedas, no echar basura, usa todo hasta el final, transmite este mensaje a otros.
So far this has been an excellent buy. Great phone, brand new in original box with all its accessories.
I am happy this phone works in United States as well as in South East Asia.
great phone
Excellent!
It's a great celullar, It's work perfect in my country Venezuela
excellent cell Phone
As described
Very nice cel phone!!!
excelente
spectacular cell, fast and very comfortable works well in Venezuela. definitely paid
Perfect.
Excelente
international version came with Italian info printed matter.. I don't know Italian :-(I will use in Vietnam/Thailand/Cambodia UPDATE to follow
Excellent
excelente
Excelente!!!
By the moments the Phone is awesome. It fits to me. Great phone
O.K.
It seems to be good, but battery does not go long very well. In particular, if GPS is working for driving, phone appears to consume more energy.Other than that, everything seems to be fine.
all great!
Good for Venezuelan people
Perfecto
VERY GOOD EXCELLENT
ok
I bought it for my son, and my son is satisfied with this phone. It is really great phone with the low price.
Great phone, very pleased with it. We even purchased a second one. This phone allows use in the USA and Ecuador, just swap out your SIM card. The size is perfect, big enough to do everything but not one of those new huge models. I don't have a single complaint about this phone.
Good
When I searched to buy a Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini, I was worried to get a fake one. Upon received, I immediate downloaded a Genuine Galaxy app to test it. Yes, it passed the test. It is genuine. The only thing I’m not sure is the charger adapter; the print on it is so light that you can barely read the letters. But it charges fine. I guess it’s OK
Awesome phone. Easy to set up. Used the straight Talk SIM from the iPhone 4s and placed it in this phone and set up took less than a minute. Love the phone!!
VERY GOOD.
Excellent..!!! thanks...
nice little phone
excelente
excelent
very well
The phone is fantastic more than I expect. ..!Its original Factory unlocked its working perfect on T-mobile at USA New York..5++++ stars!
The phone is Excellent!!!!!!!!
good
espero no sea chino
100% Recomendable
Perfect i loved
EXCELLENT I AM HAPPY WITH THE DEVICE I BOUGHT.
excelente producto y totalmente funcional, recibí el paquete perfectamente empaquetado y en buenas condiciones. Muchas gracias
Good
Good one... Just what i was expecting.. And good at services.. Totally Recommended... And works with Digitel, movistar y movilnet at venezuela
I recently bought this phone to replace a Samsung Impression. I knew I wanted a smartphone but this one has exceeded my expectations. I especially love the more compact size. I really wanted the Galaxy S4 due to the specs, but the size was way tooo big. I was very happy to find this phone. Note: the phone sent to me was the Italian version. The manual and adapter were Italian. I just bought an additional charger. For the reduced price that I paid, no biggie. The phone will still charge if plugged into your computer.
I love it!
Perfect I'm really happy with the devices but the only thing is that they arrived without English or Spanish owners manual. so I'd like to you send me the manual in English or even in spanish. thanks.
My husband got this phone for me for my birthday. I love it! This phone has so many capabilities and features, I am still exploring them. You can even watch live TV on this phone! I have T Mobile service and it works beautifully with this service. It has fast connection to the Internet so I can access all my favorite websites, including Amazon. I recommend this phone for anyone who needs a fast phone with multiple features.
the product was in perfect conditions. it came in a box, its new and works good. it has all the things described and comes with the useful things you need in a phone. (headphones, charger, etc)
I mean I'm completely satisfied.Sorry I do not speak very good English.The phone came to me in the scheduled date.You are the max ..!Right now I'm using my phone.
excellent
I purchased this phone for my daughter and she loves it! It does everything she needs it to do. Very pleased.
Excelente
Good features and a good size.
Excellent is expected thanks.
The cellphone works excellent in Argentina. Very nice phone
I recommend it
Excelente...gracias
Excelente!
i love my new s4 it is working very good and i hope nothing goes wrong with it
bien
Satisfied
Very pleased with the handset. Samsung is at the top of their game, I'm using it on ATTs GSM network thru a reseller called 'Consumer Cellular' in the US. The fact that it's an international version doesn't impact any features I'm aware of here. The slightly smaller footprint makes handling it better than all the super-sized units marketed in the US. I haven't dropped it once. The english(US) language pack works perfect. On initial power-up, the setup process let's you select the correct language. Very painless. I did have to manually configure mobile data over the phone with Consumer Cellular. It didn't do this automatically when I installed my SIM card, but I used wifi for weeks before taking the time to configure mobile data, (a 15 minute phone call) I setup software updates to happen over wifi only so it wasn't that important initially. 8GB of internal storage is lacking but it takes an additional 32GB micro SD which I'm using. Overall, great piece of hardware. Priced and sized perfectly. Android is amazingly intuitive, those google guys are also at the top of their game with much more to come, BRAVO!
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
ok
exellen
Excelente
The wife and I are having a hard time adjusting to a smart phone. We want internet service but miss our button phones.
exelente
The item arrived on time and in excellent condition. It is currently being used in Jamaica and working very well. I'm pleased with the purchase overall.
Ok
very fast excellent
excelente producto
The best
Nice Device..
Excelent purchase, arrived on time and accomplished all my expectations, works perfectly I didn't have a problem any problem with my area network.
Excelent phone!!!
This phone is really good, is one of the best I've seen, 1.5GB of RAM give you the freedom necessary but really is a phone for people with small hands, but all women.Este telefono es realmente bueno, es uno de los mejores que he visto, 1.5GB de RAM le dan la soltura necesaria, pero de verdad es un telefono para personas con manos pequeñas, mas que todo para mujeres.
Excelente..!!
Good
good
WiFi antenna indicator do not show the proper strength compare to a laptop in the same place, it shows half signal strends
Very good product I recommend
Got this phone for my wife and she loves it. Good features, easy to learn how to use, good sized screen but not so big that it feels like you're carrying a tablet in your pocket, and super light weight. Problem is the battery. She's had the phone about 2 months and I just had to order a new battery for her. The lifespan is bad. Even with no programs/apps running the phone will die in a few hours (or less if she's using it a lot). A new phone shouldn't die that quickly. Once she had it plugged into her computer and it died while charging. WTF? Plus, the phone gets super hot when it's charging. Could just be a fluke battery issue for this particular phone but it's a bummer to have to buy a new battery on a phone that is practically brand new.
Product as expected
ok
Excellent product..... very happy.Excelente el producto....muy contenta.
excelent
Excelent! I'm from venezuela and my phone works perfectly with Movistar..
excellent product
excellent product
ok
okay
nice
I am very happy with the product, works great
Execlente cell, it works great.By default comes in French with some applications in this language.
Great phone!
Excelente
The service was perfect, the phone very good but my only problem is with the battery.I leave it during the night on, and in the morning is 30% less charged..I have to charge it during mid-day in order to be up & running until the night.Has anyone else faced that?
Yes it met my expectation and it is being used in Venezuela. Thank you !!!
bueno
good service very good afternoon I hope to continue to improve every day more
exelente
It is working fine and i love it.
excelente.
I'm so happy with my new phone! It's perfect for me
Exelent
EXELENTE
Its great cell phone
Thank you very much for the great Amazon Co and Sold by: CANGURO mr.!Across the ocean, I got what I want S4 Mini 9195 and the first time out of the box test machine to see you write to me of the technical support message and a plug converter and the new machine factory unopened, everything complete. Then immediately insert card Unicom trial local Chinese whether operator signal or WiFi great! System of pure! Very very good! No words to the table! As a Chinese American 80 I yearn for! The United States is the hope of human beingsI love her!!Thank you once again!
Excellent phone. I love it. This phone work in Venezuela.
The phone is a nice size and easy to handle. It has many useful applications. the only drawback is that many of them spend a lot of battery and it does not tell much, disable some battery to last all day
I really like this cell...it's perfect for me!! It's smaller than the normal Sansung S4 and thats what I most like about it!
Let me just say I am loving this phone, I have only had it for 2 weeks and I am learning something new everyday. I really liked my Galaxy s3 mini too, but Straight Talk now has 4g LTE in my area and I wanted a phone that also had 4g. This is a great little phone, it is a little bit taller and a little narrower than the s3 mini, but when I put it in the case I can't really tell. It does seem a little faster than my s3 mini. I have gotten two days out of the battery, but I am not a heavy phone user. I play a few games like bejeweled, a little bit of texting, checking email, as an alarm clock and making phone calls. I very rarely use it to surf the web or watch videos. I am probably not the most techy person, but I have to say for my purposes this is a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone who does not want a huge phone, but still likes to have the quality of one. It did come unlocked and sealed, although like someone else it looked to have been opened and then resealed with an official seal. My guess is that SHOPBEST opened it to put in the plug adapter in it, so I could use it in the US without an issue. This is an inter national phone so the plug comes as a 220v and you need to put a converter on it for 110v. This is the mini version not the regular version. I knew all that coming in so be prepared if you don't read the product description to be surprised.
The phone came very fast (despite the fact that the rest of my order has yet to even ship) and was as advertised. The box was sealed and it sure looks new. The only initial drawback is that the manual is in Hungarian. Also, it came with a European charger, but there was also an adapter and it all works so no complaints here. I was able to put an AT&T MicroSIM into the phone and it works great. Next big test will be to put a foreign SIM into it to see if it still works. The main reason for purchasing the phone is to be able to use it in both America and the UK/Ireland so that will be the true test. Overall, very happy with the purchase. Great size, great price, and I'm not having any problems connecting to a network.
I waiting buy this pone so long and I don't regret, it's just perfect like the description I don't wait so long and came in perfect condition. I recommended 100%
Initial review: Just got the phone and the play store wouldn't open, can't download samsung app store and I'm wondering if I got a broken phone. How can this problem be solved? It's not a smart phone if you can't upload basic apps!Updated review: I went and Google the problem for help and I found a solution that worked and I can now use my "play app store" but still waiting for my "samsung apps" to download (coming slowww). With that said, I've decided to change my ratings to 4stars b'cos I shouldn't have to go through that stress in the first place.Nevertheless, it's a really good phone. I love it!
Awesome
Excellent
very good
all good
excellent mobil phone..
exelente
The phone is exactly as described. It came with all accessories, brand new and fully unlocked. I am using it in St. Lucia without any problems. Works with Lime and Digicel. Overall a great device.
Great
perfecto
👍
very nice phone i would recomend this phone
Perfect size. Recharges quickly. Holds charge better than my previous Samsung. Nice display. Love it!
Part of my wife's Christmas present. She LOVED it. She can't stopped exploring its innovative features and the numerous apps. She cannot stop smooching it. It makes me happy that she is happy.
I love this phone very much shop best and amazon thank u this is the size of phone I have always wanted thank u and delivery too was fast
very efficient
venezuela.
excellent product, meets standards, recommended
I really like this phone. Its a big step up from my previous phone (google nexus-s), so of course it will be a huge improvement. Looks great, its fast, the screen feels and looks awesome, and its a very capable phone. I love "dragging and dropping" music and movies on to this phone with ease, unlike some other "fruity" phones. I purchased a Samsung EVO 32gb micro SD card along with this for about $20, and they work great together. The phone is a little light and definitely needs to be put in a good case immediately to protect the screen and beauty.I rated this OVERALL experience 4 stars - not because of the phone, but because of the ad in general. I know I could have done some better research, which I usually do, but I think it needs to be made clear that in the USA this phone is not compatible with most 4g/LTE networks. I am using Tmobile and the voice/text work excellent, but for my data connection I fluctuate from EDGE (2g) most the time, to HSPA+ in "TOWN". I live on the big island of Hawaii, so that probably has a lot to do with it, because I know in some major cities such as Honolulu, LA, Seattle, etc...people using this phone are getting HSPA+ consistently. I called ATT to check the compatibility of this phone and apparently you can get 4g with it.All in all, this is a killer phone - comes brand new and sealed in the box with all paperwork and accessories. It is European so it comes with the european wall type outlet plugs, with an adapter for US plugs. And the shipping was very fast at around 3 business days (I paid extra shipping costs). I just wanted to let people know to do their research and check the compatibility with their cell phone carrier. I personally am not some kind of "power user" - so being in 2g sometimes doesnt bother me. But I know there are people out there who have to be in 4g conditions 100% of the time, and if you are one of those people - I would reconsider buying this international model and get one straight from your carrier or samsung.
Perfect. I'm using it overseas with a local carrier and works very good.
Excellent cellphone and seller. Thanks
excelente
EXCELLENT UNLOOKED.
Fine! workit perfect in venezuela with movistar!!
Excelente
Excelente producto !!
excellent
Excelent
Excellent
good
todo ok
I love it.
the product is described as is Excellent!
A good recommendation for the people, if you have a shorted budget but want a phone with a good performance, great camera and one of the latest software (including LTE), Samsung branded, this is your pick. I bought it for my mom she didn't want a huge screen phone so this is what i pick. I can say i'm not regret of buying this great phone.
I am very happy with my new phone is fast their photos and videos are excellent Super AMOLED screen is amazing not because I recommend complain
Excellent team, fast, good sign, recommended 100%
excelente
excelente
I LOVE MY CELL PHONE IS WONDERFUL
good
muy bueno excelente 100% recomendable.
Thank you very much , pleased with everything
Excelent perfect!!!
Excellent product.
Until now satisfied with the purchase, working fine.
Excellent product. Hooked it up to straight talk. Works great.
Excellent Product
excelente
have a great service, the phone it's excelent, i'm really happy
Muy bueno
Perfect
excellent
perfect
i loved it
Totally recommend it. I'm very happy with it. One thing I don't like it's the user's manual which it's not in English or any common language but so far I haven't had the need of using it.
great phone
beautifull and very good phone
excelente funciona con todas las operadoras, adoro mi telefono
lo maximo los tlf y funcionan perfectamente
muy buen teléfono llena todas mis expectativas
excelente vendedor y producto llego en perfecto estado a venezuela
Excellent service and great productExcellent service and great product
perfect.
Es samsumg, gran calidad
Phone arrived in the timeframe specified (1 day), and I have already used it for a couple of weeks without any issues with a carrier in Venezuela. Since it is unlocked, I successfully installed android 4.4.2. This phone feels more responsive than the s3 mini, and its battery also lasts longer
its work in argentina. amazing product
It is really greet self phone that I have ever had.
Excellent item, thank you so much...
Good
GOOD
Excelent
phone was as expected and has been working well in Jamaica for one year of constant use.
Nice product
Works as new, no issues, and worth the price.
excellent very good seller
good
Perfect!!
Phone arrived quickly and was in perfect working order. Can't ask for anything more!
excellent product works perfectly
Excellent
Good
Muy Bueno.
very good
Excellent phone for the price. Arrived exactly as shown. two months already with 100% satisfaction.
excellent
excelent!!!!!
Excellent Phone. Thanks.
i love it
VERY GOOD
IN LOVE WITH MY PHONE!!!! I bought it as an international client, and was a little bit scared, but it was the biggest online "risk" I ever took and was rewarded.........Thank you for my great service Samsung
This smart phone works perfect in Venezuela with Movilnet.
dandy
Very nice gadget excellent
very good... excelent
Excellent value for money. All round happy with it. Battery life not as long as I had expected and hoped for. SD card means you increase the memory CHEAPLY!NO 4G sign on T-mobile but internet is faster than my 4G iphone 4S.
Just perfect!
Excellent
the small phone is mroe comfortable in my hands - the S4 mini has a great screen but 8GB of RAM is too small. after 2 months of use the phone starts to be slow and battery life is not good. I get 10 hours of normal use which means at the early evening i have to charge it
+++Thank you !!! -- Good Product !!! +++
I get excellent time established I recommend
excelente producto
Excellent quality and easy to use.
Wonderful device , it works great
sometimes the battery madden but in general it s a great cell phone
Exactly as expected. Surprise it has Italian manual
Exccelent product...!!
bien
Excellent price and device.
Very good phone.Pros: Good voice and sound support, good camera, nice display, easy to hold, light, good battery life.Cons: difficult to set up email, especially IMAP, S-Voice is annoying.
Very light...love it :)
Thanks for this product and your service. I have 62 years and i am afraid to buy for Internet. I read and hear to much problems with the ciber crimen spacialy with the tha credit card.This is a good oportunity to me yu buy with us.I thnks that I buy another similar phone.Cesar CUESTA
the phone is working fine, just as expected. It's unlocked. the only disadvantage is that there's no warranty , so you have to pray yours doesn't come defective.
Excellente device
excelente
bien
Excelente
bien
Got this phone after going through a couple others and I am glad I can stop looking! I had an iphone 4 before this and was looking for another small phone (women's pockets and hands are not growing with the trend in phone size). It is a size up from the iphone but not drastic and it's definitely lighter. My bf has the regular s4 and he's even a little jealous of the size. Going from ios to android was also a plus. As far as specs go it is a great display, clear picture taking and interface. It did initially come in italian but that's no surprise and you can uninstall or hide the silly preinstalled apps it comes with. No problems or changes in AT&T service- I simply moved my sim card over. My messaging app does freeze from time to time but it may be that I have thousands of messages I haven't deleted.In general, I don't ask a whole lot from my phone: pictures, a couple internet tabs, sms, a couple phone calls a week. I also had an outdated phone so for me this was more than I could ask for.
Great product! Got on time!
Excellent phone, running on different international networks with no issues whatsoever.
It is an excellent phone. I'm currently using with en Movistar in Venezuela and is running fine. All functions are running smoothly. Everything came in original box, great seller with great responsibility.
good product and excellent quality
EXCELENTE
excellent product
EXCELLENT
Perfect recommended
It is good but it thought it was not as small as when I got it .
Great phone. Love it!!
Great phone
Venezuela get everything right without adesperfectos , was what necesitab
Very nice phone, bought it as a present and will definitely consider buying a Galaxy series phone.
exelente producto
good
I had a s2 lite before. This S4 is pretty good. I do recommend.
EXCELENTE GRACIAS
EXCELLENT
Very good phone, with great screen and functionalities, only problem is the battery. I've had it for 6 months today and since the first 2 months it lasts much less than any other phone and goes from 25% to 0% in a few minutes. Had no luck. I'm buying a new one today. Wish the seller would give me one.
Perfect
GRACIASSS
Working good in US, though occasionally system turns off and gets on after battery charging. But, overall happy with performance.
excelent
Excelent Product
Good morning , a month ago I made a purchase of a cellular galaxy S4 samsumg MINI , I am in Venezuela and get a package that no cell correponde instead came a lg clock, it has been a long time but I expected more responsibility on their part.Alfonso Sancheza_sanchez_4@hotmail.com
excelente telf
excelent
Excelent
Excelent
yes
excelente producto.
Excelente
very good
Excelente
excellent
It works well
excellent
very nice device
excelent
Excellent product, I recommend the seller.
excellent
Good
Excellent. The seller deliver the product in Time.Thank you so much!
very satisfied with the product, price, service and timing
good
verry good
Great phone, bought gor my grand daughter for her birthday. She was very happy to get it & she said it works great.
The touch pad will just freeze on the phone, or the left half will stop working. If you take it apart, remove the battery, the SIM card, and the micro SD card let it sit on the table for at least an hour. When you put it back together (after it has had a rest), as soon as it is on go fast to settings, and calibrate the phone with a stylus not your finger. The phone will work again for a few months. It is a nice touch screen phone that doesn't need a "smart" phone plan, we have had 2 of these for the last couple of years.
Love this product; the best part is I am not forced to pay an extra $30 for an Internet service upgrade that would bump me out my currently very economical cell service.
The speaker is the only let down. It distorts when it is turned all the way up. The phone works well otherwise.
Got my first one from ATT 2yrs.ago and did not want to have to change adaptors etc. and learn a new phone when the touch screen started to malfunction. Love it.
I absolutely love this Mythic phone. It is very easy to use. The compact size is nice. I bought the gel skin protector for it and that fits very well.
I bought this phone to replace another Mythic that no longer worked. It came with a batter 1/2 the capacity of the phone that I'd had, requiring frequent charging. I forgot that I'd upgraded the battery in the first phone. New battery is on order and should fix the problem. Great product, shipped promptly and arrived as billed. Excellent transaction.
My mother wanted a simple mobile, good quality and that suited her. Your favorite brand is Samsung and it was an excellent idea to get this model. She is very happy with his new cell phone.
excellent quality great shipping prompt response took care of problem fast now I use product on stand by for two days or call all day and no problem at all
I got and took this phone for a love one in Costa Rica and they seem to love it; needless to say it work there.
After researching many phones I decided on the Samsung Mythic then started looking for the best price which I found on Amazon. Phone works great with no problems getting it activated from my provider.
i was so thankful to find another mythic. i didn't want a smart phone and was thankful to find the same mythic i had. i love it!
Everything worked fine with the phone
Excellent
i had one that was gradually failing. thisone is like new.thanks
everything i expected
phone as advertised,takes some getting used to,as i am not techno savy.....was able to add data to my plan for 15 a month unlimited,because this is not a smart phone....worked out well
Best ever
Good
This product is even better then it is advertised. and thew seller is outstanding.
Great buy
I love this phone, mostly because I haven't had a phone for about 8 years.and this was an incredible leap but regardless of that, thus phones battery life is not bad at all, I watch a lot of shows and movies when on the road and I travel a lot, I could watch all star wars movies with the brightness at 100% and after have enough power to go through the day making calls and listening to music, browsing the Web. It was delivered on time and everything was perfect in the packaging, I'd say go for it If you're thinking of getting an awesome device and look the part too.
Excellent phone, unlocked and original!! BEWARE!!! IT Comes with a UK charger!!!!
The best
Great price, fast shipping, item as described. Will buy from again.
Love it
I was so excited to receive my phone because I wasn't expecting to receive it so soon. But it came a week early. Everything was package correctly and the phone is beautiful. (Gold) Also it came with the international charger and they shipped the travel adapter with it which was a plus. It also came with the stylus pen,headphone s, the pin to pull the Sim card out and something else that looks important. 5 stars because they did an excellent job sending and packing and its brand new.
The best phone ever made. The 4g seems big but you don't really get that much play. The camera and screen is clear and crisp. Get a good case, cause this phone will break at one drop.
Simply the fastest Android phone as of 2015. And the best camera on a smartphone. Beats the iPhone 6s camera but only by a little. The Best Phone Out Now Period!!!
A beautiful white phone complemented by equally amazing pen. Have installed all the apps I wanted and phone is still super fluid. No lag whatsoever.The phone itself sits on the palm firmly, thanks to its curved back.Battery life is insane. The work I do with my phone (check emails, Facebook, whatssap, calls), the battery goes down by 40 to 45% by end of day. My Galaxy S3 on the other hand would go down by 70 to 80%.Improvements:1. Expand the air command to include other functions.2. The switch on pen is of no or little use. It can be expanded to functionality like smart select or screen write by hovering over phone screen rather than touching.
i bought this mobile as a gift .it's reasonable price and on time delivery ! it's good when i received it on time .and i will update review after 2 months ^^ for the phone !
Awoseme thanks
Fast...and it has everything I want
perfect i am very happy
Amazingly saved my phone from breaking. Great buy
I am very happy with my celular.-
So far no problem with my note 5. Lag-free with a very very good camera.
Great buy
Phone works perfectly and it arrived in no time, im fully satisfied with my choice of phone and seller.
I like the phone. I just thought it would be gold and not gold platinum
awesome
Amazing Device. It Does everything I Need it to do. Will be looking forward for the Note 6
I am a note user.. started with version 2 then 4 and when I dropped my 4 I had not much option as the 5 was out. I was hoping to wait for the 6 but oh well. Initially I thought I would hate the fact that there was no removeable battery but so far not an issue. The quick charge, plus the wireless charging makes it very simple and fast. I love the grip on this over the 4. The curved back makes it so much easier to hold and not as slippery.
It's wonderful. I have Metro PCS and it was a beautiful switch. No spot for an SD card. And you have to buy a SIM card which was $20. Also if you have Matrox PCS and are switching phones there will be a charge for that as well.
Great shipping quality!!!
Perfecto
Perfect phone. Suits all of my needs. No regrets buying this model.
Love everything it works wonderfully couldn't be more happier
I love this phone even more than I love my Iphone 6S Plus. It's very mesmorising and you dont want to put it down. It has been quite a challenge going back to Android after Apple but I am enjoying the trip down memory lane. This is my first Samsung Note but love it and I have only had the phone for 3 days. I have had no problems and the seal was not broken on the box as one reviewer had complained. Everything is perfect!
It was great
Love this phone! Great seller!
Great Product
good phone, good value, it doesn't explode
The phone freezes from time to time. Activated in August 4 times. A major update rendered my phone unusable for more than 14 hours. And it turns off on it's own.
Everything works great on this phone.
Very nice phone I liked
Love the phone.
Great Phone love it way better than my iPhone 7.Update: 1 year later my screen turned pink while charging (with the original charger) screen longer works. And since this is an international phone Samsung won't cover the warranty in USA.
A1 products
it is first
My Galaxy Note 5 is a beauty. Everything I expected and more.
I love my phone I've only had it for about near a month but it's everything I wanted.
great!
GREATº¤ø,¸¸ø¤ºSUPERº¤ø,¸¸,ø¤ºAWESOMEº¤ø,¸¸,ø¤ºPERFECTº¤ø,¸¸,ø¤ºTHANKSº¤ø,¸¸,ø !Flossy Carter - Amazon Warrior - [...]
Good product good price.
I absolutely love this phone. The packaging was nice, It arrived on time and the new features are amazing. I was somewhat indecisive of whether i should purchase the iphone 6 or the note 5 nonetheless, i am happy with the choice I made
Good
Lovely device overall, but beware of RAM management issues on all units.
I love, love my new phone, and getting it in gold made it even better...
The product arrived in great condition and on time. The Note 5 itself is as expected an amazing phablet.
My wife loves it, but the phone can not be programmed in Spanish
I love this phone and have had it for a few weeks and enjoying it each time I hold it in my hand. This is my very first smart phone and it has be hook, line and sinker. I've had a cell phone for years and only used it occasionally for a real need. That phone spent 99% of the time on the charger on my nightstand. My Galaxy Note 5 is in my hand 99% of the time. It is a true unlocked phone and I use it with Straight Talk, which was my main question when considering this phone. My experience with the seller has been wonderful as the phone arrived before expected.
Aite
love it still learning how to use it, no problems so far
incredible performance, camera, screen. Battery is normal, but the fast charging is incredible.
GREAT
Great phone, but the computing power seems lower than its specs. Maybe it is due to some optimization that needs to be done on the software (Android) side. The screen resolution is amazing, and I strongly recomend this phone to those seeking the comfort of a big screen, and the computing power of an octa-core.
I like it !
The phone was in excellent condition. It has been a great phone and everything works perfectly. Item as described plus fast shipping.
Good product.. But the charger in the box is not 'Fast Charger'!!
very good except that the emojis are not on the keyboard :-(
GREAT PHONE I LOVE IT IT WORK WELL WHEN YOU ROME ,IT WOULD TAKE A FEW MUNITS TO SWITCH OVER WHEN YOU ROME..R YOU CAN TAKE IT OFF AND PUT IT BACK ON .BUT IT IS A GREAT I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ON WHO IS LOOKING FOR A UNIQUE LOCK PHONE
good
great product
I'm happy to have it.
excellent
This phone is a Beast!!!! Best Phone Ever...
Note 5 looks very excellent, but I have not used it because of my SIM size not to match it and I shall replace SMI card after I return China next week.thanks
So far it's functioning very well...very pleased with it....
I like it.
love iy
use this it work great
Great product. Great value.
Quick phone. Great processor. The 4gb of ram really makes a difference.
I love this phone as it's unlocked and brand new in case as described. Such a great phone
It's making my wife happy that it's fast and easy to use
great phone!! fast and good signal..but what the heck was i thinking to pay alot for a phone thats not waterproof after dropping it in water at work it died... so a warning to those who are clumsy just get the samsung galaxy the new one that just came out its waterproof unlike this one i really regret my choice :(
Works perfectly
Good phone but have problems with opening my text message , otherwise like my phone
Everything is good. I'd recommend it
Good Android phone. Samsung Galaxy's mobiles are pretty good.
There's a lot to learn, but am very pleased with its capability.
I love it
It's light weight, camera quality is the bomb I love it, love the big screen and the resolution is just amazing
Perfect
Excellent
It's great!
It's a good phone
Love it!
Thanks a million.....my wife is happy with this product!
My wife love it , best price I could find at the time
Purchased for someone else, they have no complaints.
I'm so happy that with this phone and it was very easy to set up with cricket.
Perfect packaging,the device as described.
It's perfectly working iambic really happy having such device.
very good thank you
Excellent condition I am very satisfied. Not a single shkrecth.
The phone arrived on time. In absolutely perfect condition. I ordered the international version simply so I didn't have any of the carriers bloat ware on the phone. It did arrive stock. Awesome. Now the device itself. This has nothingvto do with the seller. This phones battery is average. The signal strength is below par. I'm guessing because of the all metal casing. Otherwise. Awesome.
It delivers on the features. Great phone
Beautiful! Thank you so much.
I am from Barbados and I recently received my galaxy note 5 32GB and since I received it i love this very awesome device . It fit the hand neatly and it is very comfortable. The speed of the device is tremendous and the way it opens up apps and webpages it is superb. This device is a must get to those who are thinking about it. I love the galaxy note 5
The best cellphone I've owned I love it. Upgraded from the Note 3.
4k Screen really does make a difference. I end up using the stylus a lot more then I thought.
I bought this for my wife add an early Christmas present. Our son broke the screen on her note 3 and she didn't like being stuck with my old Nexus 4. Well, I held out as long as I could, I was started to get concerned for my safety if she didn't get this thing, so I finally broke down and used some of the money I'd been saving the last year for a new Kenwood hf radio and bought this for her.It was sold by Open Group Wireless, speed by Amazon. It was listed as out of stock when I bought it, but it still arrived within a reasonable timeframe.My wife loves it, she's still trying to learn the new features that were added.We don't use Samsung Pay, and I don't know if it's included on this model. I would check, but I don't go like going through other people's devices.-1 star because of high price.
I heart this phone.
It is a gift for my wife's birthday. My wife likes it. The only thing I don't like is there is no external SD card slot. Other than that I am happy with it's performance.
Just upgraded from a note 3 and this phone is so smooth!
I love this phone! It's the best phone I've ever had ... i have had no complaints thus far with this phone ...
This phone is Amazon came in perfect condition love love love it
I gave it to my son who really liked it
Perfect condition, works properly.
Everyting good.
Great phone. All that I expected and then some. Satisfied with my purchase especially from this seller. Phone came sooner than expected and just overall excellent service
Very good product
Excellent
Fast shipping and excellent device.
Very satisfied
Not only is this phone beautifully designed, it is so satisfying. The big screen just imersifies you and gives you a great experience. The new Touchwiz is also fantastic. It is fast, smooth, and essentially lag free. The 4 GB of RAM help with. This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. I previously had a Galaxy S6 Edge and I ditched it for the Note 5. Best decision of my life. I recommend this to all who love to carry a stylish phone, watch movies and play games, and get work done on their phones.
This international version works beautifully on the T-Mobile network. It is loaded with all of the latest bells and whistles.
Phone is nice. Just wish the charger was made for Turkey. They did send an adapter so it could work in the US. Overall pleased with phone but will have to find another Samsung fast charger overseas.
It is internationally unlocked...can't complain yet...hope I don't ever
It's been almost a Month since I've been using this phone. I love it!! Works well and as it is supposed to. Sometimes I lose signal from time to time when my older phone the note 2 didn't, but I think that might be the trimming to a nano sim's fault. But other than that, AWESOME LOVELY phone.
Pictures quality isn't great other wise its nice
5 better than 7note...
I love it.. I had the note 3 before this upgrade and I'm a lot happier with this one's camera.
My son loved it and it was easy to connect to straight talk. All I had to say was that it was an at&t phone and had a starter kit and they activated the sim card, popped it in the phone and it was that easy. Everything so far works great. He especially liked that it came with an adapter for wall charging. That was a plus.
Everything is good I like it
very good
It was unlocked as advertised. This phone is fast on the internet through my wifi. Graphics are beautiful. Camera is very good. After fully charging the battery and with average use, phone and internet, the battery was down to 30% after 48 hours, at which point I recharged it and it took 1 hour and 6 minutes to charge back to 100%. The phone was not in any power saving mode. Now here is the not so good part, oh oh. When on a phone call ( cell to cell ) the voice coming through the top speakers is edgey, thin and filtered sounding, on speakerphone the sound is better, but still edgey. From a lan line to my cell the voice sounds good. If you are playing a video on youtube the sound is good. The phone is beautiful to look at. When you receive a call, pressing on the green icon will not answer the call, you have to drag the green icon upwards to the callers number to answer the call. My n920c is currently being used on consumer cellular. I hope this was helpful.
Best phone I've ever had.
This is a great phone, it's better than what I expected.
What can I say...it blows the Apple product out of the universe. People just stop what they are doing when I start taking notes... they are AMAZED!Truly a wireless FASSSST Charger if you get the charger with the capabilities. ( [10W Fast Charge Wireless Charging Pad]CHOE (QI Wireless Charger + Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Adapter) for Galaxy Note 5, S6 Edge+ and All Qi-Enabled DSold by: CHOETECH-Official).Fast and responsive. Not sluggish at all.
Wonderful product I'm glad I chose amazon to buy this phone online thank u!!!!
Awesome phone. There's no need for me to mention the specs, this is a top of the line phone; therefore the processor, camera, etc are all top tier. The battery usually lasts me about 1 day and a half with moderate to heavy usage. I use this phone at work (to take pictures, send emails, watch videos etc) and at home to surf the Web. Overall the phone delivers a wonder experience. The only downside is sometimes it's a little cumbersome in the pocket because of the size.
I am in love with this phone. It came brand new in its sealed box and was able to work in the bahamas right away. I got it in gold so it looks really rich. The camera quality is perfect!!!! Truly a great decision made by getting it.
Phone came in perfect condition!! Nothing wrong at all but it did heat up a bit when updating software....does come with international version of charger but seller does include the US version. Over all a great purchase and would recommend this to anyone.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY PHONE!!After I had accidentally dropped my Nokia Lumia 1020 in the lake and was devastated. I invested in buying the Note 5 after a lot of thought and comparision between different models of Samsung. Best money I have ever spent on a phone so far <3
bought it from my husband and he's enjoying the new phone. Will definitely buy another one if had the money :-)
Great phone I love it.
I love this phone. The camera is amazing😍😍😍😍. Am still getting used to it but so far i love it.
excellent service and product. GREAT!!!
It's awesome ... everything works fine
Is an amazing phone.
Great!
Fast delivery, even though the phone was international I thought I would be getting a U.S charger
Wow best smartphone for taking notes in classroom.
I love it.
I'm loving my new phone.. Just ordered it and it is working flawlessly and it was in great condition when I received it! Thanks guys
my phone got stollen and i cant get it back
I absolutely love this phone! I had the note and the note 2. I went with another phone and was high disappointed. Nothing but the best from here on out and the best is definitely the Samsung Galaxy Note 5!
Came fast and am so much in love with this phone
Great phone! Wall charger is no good. Not working. Had to buy new one.
I purchased this now from the UK for maybe 3 weeks the Phone is brilliant. Super quick, improved touchwiz which is very light now. Love it, camera is amazing, front facing camera shoots a wide angle more people can get into the photo, what makes it much better is you press the sensor and it take the photo. Overall a amazing phone, if you wanted to know if its worth the commotion to order from Amazon US then don't be.
Excellent phone, however, this phone is not compatible with Tmobile 4GLTE, it will only run 4G... The product technical details should have this information. I am disappointed. I will be returning the phone and purchasing from else where.
Execellent every thing i wanted
the product fits the description and the service was as expected
Samsung quality product
The phone is great! Works perfectly, the pen is very useful, it's not heavy at all.
1 Best phone in the market right now.2 Cons Why everyone picking on samsung I phones never had removable batteries or micro sd expansion.3 They are not the 1st to make a phone with a glass back or with glass overall all phones have glass screens so if you don't want to damage your 750 dollar phone pick up a 15 dollar case and a 10 dollar tempered glass screen protector.4. Samsung is a company yes. They are in Business to make money right not for people to like them or make friends they have demographics that they work out to know what individuals like. It does work because they are number one cellular phone manufacturer by volume globally, however not in the USA or China, Apple is because Americans typically like apple so to become number 1 in the largest market in the world you have to be Apple and be better than apple, that's what they are doing that's not exactly a bad thing.5. Global policy makers are having companies move towards technologies such as cloud storage, biometrics, and always on cellular devices on each person thats where Global policies are now I dont agree with it but it is what it is.6. The phone is a well constructed beautifully engineered device it is fast elegant and powerful, its full of features simple and can be pretty much anything you want it to be software wise if u need 1 home screen and 1 app screen with 10 apps you can do that if you need 7 or more home screens and a lot of apps you can do that as well.7. This phone is not for everyone, if enough people don't like it vote with your dollars and it may change.8. I Personally love the device its quick full of specs ans charges from 0 to 100 in around an hour and 20 mins gives me around 4 and a half hours to 5 and a half hours of screen on time or around a day on a half I am not big into apps and all that most of the apps I use are already pre installed in big into media consumption chrome-casting to my TV and all that.9. This phone is not perfect to me either i believe Samsung could have built in a micro SD slot along with the sim card slot, include an IR blaster and that S6 edge+ if it was a Note 5 Edge i would have been reviewing a different phone today. A Note 5 edge with IR blaster and micro SD expansion would have been my perfect phone.10. The battery is 3000 MAh and is greatly optimized to provide better battery life.11. It has 4 Gb of DDR4 Ram a lot of laptops don't have that and trust me it works it pushes through this beautiful Super Amoled 2K screen like it wasn't even there.It is a beast its over priced 550 to 600 is what i would value it at for a phone Im only gonna keep for a year i still payed 750 for it though still not 100% sure why guess I was feeling kinda ball-ish but when I buy a phone like this personally its for 70% emotional reason and 30% piratical because its really and truly dollar for dollar not worth it especially when it can fall into a gutter or pool of water n be toasted and ma weeks pay is gone just like that.12. All these people leaving negative reviews um did you read the specifications and then make your purchase because complaining about the phone doesn't have a micro SD expansion and replaceable battery is like buying a Mercedes Benz and complaining that it doesn't have a flat bed :/ and frankly I wouldn't take a review from a person that doesn't read what hes about to dish out 750 bucks about serious its as thou your an impulse buyer.13. This is the best phone in the market right now I am a note user i love the big screen the multitasking features and powerful specs samsung galaxy notes come with I've had the note 1 the note 3 and now the note 5 and have never no regrets yet as I said before its not perfect my perfect phone is a galaxy note 5 edge with a micro SD expansion slot and an IR blaster but I love using the S pen in class as im a student to do maths take notes and remind my classmates that they are minions with their HTC and Iphone.
Awesome colour. Not as loud a colour as I was expecting, which was good. Loved the stylus especially. Great phone.
Good job!
It came early and it is the best phone I have had but it did come with a European wall plug but after that everything was good
Great Phone. The camera is awesome. The quality is great. Love it!
I love my phone so much. It came so early
GSM unlocked, bought when in the US and brought over to Thailand for main usage. Everything is as listed on description- what was expected of Samsung Galaxy. I thought it was also great that it came with a UK adapter plug.
Seller is great phone drop wifi and have litle trouble with low wifi signal. Note3 was fine with it.
Can't go wrong. Go for it. It'll be the Best desicion you'll make. My mom loves It. It was her christmas/birthday present.
Got the phone in the mail 1 day early. Actually 1 day before the estimated delivery date. I am typing this review from the phone. I got the phone from FGS Trading seller because i wanted the SM-N920I version. The phone works as described. I am currently using it on AT&T. Really awesome phone to buy. Really Happy
Love this phone that's all I can say
Excellent cell Iam happy with my purchase i was worried but cell came new and not problem too conected with straigh talk i will do buisness again with this seller happy 100
I have had a Note, Note 2, Note 4, and now the 5. I gave my husband my Note 4, and think I preferred that to the 5.1. the battery is not removable... tsk tsk,2. There is no SD slot, again... tsk tsk.3. The stylus feels flimsier than the others. I hate the useless clicker aspect to the stylus. All it does is allows you to remove it from the phone's body. No other function, what a waste.4. they also removed the ability to have your pedometer on your lock screen. I shouldn't need a million apps to do things that my previous Note did.I think I would rather have my Note 4 than this 5. Nothing really
All went well. Arrived on time and as expected
This phone has it all!
What a difference this phone is going to make in my life! The stylus is just what I needed for my clumsy fingers. This phone replaces a computer, laptop tablet and camera for me. Note 5 where have you been all my life?
I love the device, but I hated the seller. It's advertised as "factory unlocked," which, according to the seller, means "international," which, according to the seller, is equivalent to having features specific to United Arab Emirates. What that means is that Ramadan will be on your calendar for 4 weeks in the summer, and there's nothing you can do to get rid of it. No other holidays are pre-loaded into the calendar--just that one Muslim one. Also, the charger I got was not for U.S. outlets, and they sent a crappy black adapter with it. (After going back and forth to no avail with the seller, and to little effect with Amazon, I was directed to contact Samsung for a user manual and for instructions to fix the calendar problem. Haven't had time to mess with that yet, so I can't say if they'll be able to solve the problem. Amazon sent me a U.S. charger that matched the phone.) Other than that, I love the device. The big screen and S-Pen appeal to my middle-aged eyes and somewhat old fashioned sensibilities. (I like to write with pens). And it's really convenient to be able to jot things down and easily look them up or add to contacts later, etc. I'm far from an expert with smart phones (this is my first one) so I'll let others give you more technical run-down on the phone. I'm very happy with the device.
Superb
Great
Came in mint condition loving this note 5 I had a iPhone 6 I think it's better personally, my iPhone works better for my vehicle.
I really love this phone,
exelente
Lovely phone. I just came from an iPhone so there was a learning curve at first, but now I get it. The camera quality is amazing. Much better than iPhone. CONS: I do have to say that in lowlight indoors, this phone takes some pretty s*** pictures. But that's to be expected, and I'm sure the iPhone wouldn't perform better. Also, this phone is huge. It's a pro and a con. I honestly wouldn't mind at all, but I'm a woman with fairly small hands and sometimes I have trouble holding it in one hand. I spent a while comparing this to the iPhone 6s plus and even though I'm an iPhone user I picked this and definitely made the right choice. The deciding factor for me was camera quality.
Bought it to take with me to europe (samsung did not release it here). Excellent device. Love notes. Had 1, 2 and now jumped to 5. Stylus is awesome.
Habe das Note 5 innerhalb von 2 Tagen nach Österreich geschickt gekommen !!!!!!!!!!!! Die Anleitung zur Umstellung auf Deutsch (or other Language) findet ihr hier -----> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txm7TEJkQ9cSensationelles Handy!!! :DThe instructions on how to switch to other language ---> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txm7TEJkQ9c
The product arrived in great condition and on time. The Note 5 itself is as expected an amazing phablet.
My wife loves it, but the phone can not be programmed in Spanish
Disappointed (hence the 4 stars) by the fact that a Euro plug was sent since I think that an adapter from Euro to US should have been included. With that said, the phone so far works well but I cannot say much more as I have not begun to use it extensively. I especially like the use of the pen to take notes, a feature that I look forward to using a lot. Incidentally this phone is the replacement for my old trusted Nokia E7 which I still use.
Its is everything I expected
Excellent Phone. Better bettery, processor and features than note 4
Todo excelente, el producto cumplió con todo lo publicado
It doesn't have lte...works as expected but has blackout spots through the out metro areas..
The note 5 is a great device the item was delivered and works​ flawlessly on ATT, receiving LTE coverage.
I split my world between north America and Australia, so I wanted a device that would work in both countries. I purchased the unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note 5 to replace my original Note device (it held up well for 5 years). This device is called an"international device" but you need to look at the specific countries in the international listing to make sure it works where you want it to. You need the specific device details, and can type "will my phone work" into your web browser to find sites that will help you determine if it will work.The Note 5 arrived quickly and in good shape. It did have fingerprints on it, which made me a little nervous, but when turned on showed no signs of being a previously used device. This device comes with an Australian adapter, which is exactly what I wanted, for travel in Australia. You wil have to purchase your own US adapter, or use an adapter from a previous compatible phone if you are purchasing to use in the US. I already had my adapters from my original Note, those adapters work seamlessly with the Note 5. Some of the pre-loaded apps will also differ from the US locked version, so you will have to take some time to download them from the Play Store. So far all desired apps have been easy to find and to load.This is the gold version of the phone. I don't care so much about color because it is covered by the case. This screen of this phone seems to get dirty fast, so I will probably apply a protective shield because I can't stand the buildup. Like others, I miss having the ability to switch out additional storage cards, but as the world seems to be moving toward the cloud in all digital matters, I think my opinion here may change over time, too. I have had NO problems with the stylus. My case must protect it enough that it doesn't accidentally get bumped out.Battery life is insane. I go 3-4 days before recharging and have yet to find myself at a critical low battery level. I love the encryption option, and yes, I turned mine on. The phone itself is very lightweight, but I have not had any problems losing grip or slipping. Overall, I am incredibly pleased with the purchase and grateful for a product that will keep me loyal to the Galaxy Note line.
I had the s5 before and I have loved my phone. I changed because I dropped my phone and it broke. My spouse has the s7 edge and I can tell that this Note 5 is even better!Pros:1. 16 mgpx camera2. Bigger display than the s73. Thin and elegant4. Fast charging ( full charge in less than 1 1/2 hour)5. I love the penI absolutly adore this
Excellent product and service!!!!!
Good phone.
Excellent phone! 5/5
Hey jus to let u know the first three months of using this phone was great no problems at all but now the phone ain't charging, restart on its own and is running hot. At this stage and for a new phone it shouldn't be giving those problems at all. Phone never had a fall, went in water or nothing like that
Easy to use
Awesome phone. There's no need for me to mention the specs, this is a top of the line phone; therefore the processor, camera, etc are all top tier. The battery usually lasts me about 1 day and a half with moderate to heavy usage. I use this phone at work (to take pictures, send emails, watch videos etc) and at home to surf the Web. Overall the phone delivers a wonder experience. The only downside is sometimes it's a little cumbersome in the pocket because of the size.
I am in love with this phone. It came brand new in its sealed box and was able to work in the bahamas right away. I got it in gold so it looks really rich. The camera quality is perfect!!!! Truly a great decision made by getting it.
Phone came in perfect condition!! Nothing wrong at all but it did heat up a bit when updating software....does come with international version of charger but seller does include the US version. Over all a great purchase and would recommend this to anyone.
Cool
Slow shipping speed from a third party but I did receive it and it is a great, fast phone and works well in the USA on T-Mobile 4G (not exactly sure if it's considered LTE but I get speeds of up to 22 MBps down and anywhere from 7 to 22 MBps up). I can also use data while in a call, despite someone saying they couldn't. No issues whatsoever, have had the phone for a month or so. I'm waiting for the pen to break, but I don't use it that often (except now, to write this review). This is the international version so Samsung Pay and Microsoft Office don't work, but I wouldn't use them anyway, so it does everything I need.Battery life is great for my usage level of probably no more than an hour or two a day. Standby battery life is very good as after 9 hours in my pocket this thing is still sitting at over 80%. Wish it had an SD card so I could carry my entire music collection with me and toss my iPod.
I upgraded from a Note 4 and the Note 5 is beautiful. I used to have the color white, so I purchased the gold. I am not a techy person so I wont go too much into detail. The only negative things I have to say about the Note 5 is the obvious lack of expandable storage and removable battery, but Samsung announced they will be bringing it back. However, I am okay with the storage amount on this device.I was a little nervous about purchasing a phone on Amazon, especially an international version. I was not sure of the difference but I do not notice anything. Everything arrived safely and on time. The phone arrived in an original Samsung box with the Samsung headphones and a UK style Samsung wall adapter. I was concerned over this, but after double-checking the box, the seller supplied me with a U.S. adapter. This was awesome because my phone still recognized it was a fast travel charger, even with the adapter. I used to have a TMobile Note 4 with a StraightTalk micro sim. The Note 5 is nano size, so I had to purchase a new one. Transferring my number was an easy process that only lasted a few hours, which is normal. The SM-N920C (Note 5) is 4G LTE capable. I was panicking at first because it only said 4G on the status bar, but it is just cosmetic. It is 4G LTE, but it says 4G. The phone is fast with and without wifi.I love the Galaxy Note models because of the S Pen. On the Note 4, you just pull the S Pen out but on this model, you have to push it in to get it out. It is a little new for me, but it is not something I cant get used to. The functionality of the S Pen is excellent. It also looks really nice.There is no lagging on the Note 5. Everything processes smoothly. I am such a big fan of Samsung and I am amazed by all of the things this device can do. I am a college student and it just helps me with my daily tasks and I also love to stream videos and music. I can tell you the Note 5 screen looks way better on the Note 5 than the Note 4. The Note 4 is a great phone, but if you have the chance to upgrade, do it!I know most of my review was a comparison between Note 4 and 5 but I was trying to give as much detail as possible :) comment if you have any questions.
Yes yes yes!!!!!! I love this! I have been trying to figure out which one to get between the St and note 5. I just had to pick one or never would have gotten one. I am so ooooooo happy with this one. Only thing I didn't know was it needed a Sim card for straight talk. Oops. There are so many features I have never even knew about. I highly recommend this product!
Everything was as described no issues at all. Great phone. Fast shipping. Seller really cares about customer satisfaction over all 10/10
It is a gift for my wife's birthday. My wife likes it. The only thing I don't like is there is no external SD card slot. Other than that I am happy with it's performance.
nice
Love my new galaxy note 5 it is a terrific phone would recommend to anyone. Shipping was great the condition of the package was fantastic I am very satisfied.
I bought this samsung galaxy note 5 and loving it.thanks amazon very nice phone.
This phone is awesome. It has so many features and doesn't disappoint.
Perfect
I am really pleased with my note! I haven't had a single moment that wasn't good.
i love this phone. it is perfactly make for my use. Samsung! keep up the products. make comparison to Iphone is what we, consumer looking for.
Couldn't live without came as described
Very good. Running good
100%
Amazing !!! this phone is amazing....THX 10 times
Good Phone.
I love my phone!
Love this phone but WARNING this phone does not take the standard micro sim card. It was a little misleading because I have a micro sim from AT&T which was advertised as an add on to the phone but this phone actually takes a nano card. Luckily I am able to buy just a universal sim kit for $10 directly at the store.
Great!!!
Very good!!!!
I love it
Our grandson loved his new phone for making great grades & an early birthday gift! Takes awesome pictures and he enjoys gaming on it.
i bought this mobile as a gift .it's reasonable price and on time delivery ! it's good when i received it on time .and i will update review after 2 months ^^ for the phone !
Excellent
Fast shipping and excellent device.
Very satisfied
This international version works beautifully on the T-Mobile network. It is loaded with all of the latest bells and whistles.
Amazing phone
Excelente product.
Exellent
GSM unlocked, bought when in the US and brought over to Thailand for main usage. Everything is as listed on description- what was expected of Samsung Galaxy. I thought it was also great that it came with a UK adapter plug.
Seller is great phone drop wifi and have litle trouble with low wifi signal. Note3 was fine with it.
Can't go wrong. Go for it. It'll be the Best desicion you'll make. My mom loves It. It was her christmas/birthday present.
Got the phone in the mail 1 day early. Actually 1 day before the estimated delivery date. I am typing this review from the phone. I got the phone from FGS Trading seller because i wanted the SM-N920I version. The phone works as described. I am currently using it on AT&T. Really awesome phone to buy. Really Happy
Love this phone that's all I can say
Excellent cell Iam happy with my purchase i was worried but cell came new and not problem too conected with straigh talk i will do buisness again with this seller happy 100
I love this phone, mostly because I haven't had a phone for about 8 years.and this was an incredible leap but regardless of that, thus phones battery life is not bad at all, I watch a lot of shows and movies when on the road and I travel a lot, I could watch all star wars movies with the brightness at 100% and after have enough power to go through the day making calls and listening to music, browsing the Web. It was delivered on time and everything was perfect in the packaging, I'd say go for it If you're thinking of getting an awesome device and look the part too.
Excellent phone, unlocked and original!! BEWARE!!! IT Comes with a UK charger!!!!
The best
Love it...Bulky size a trade off.
Muy BUENO EXCELENTE
An Ok phone for the bucks. You get what you pay for.
Samsung Note 2 I317 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Quad-Core Phone - Titanium Silver I love the Samsung Galaxy Note II so much that I refuse to upgrade until the time comes that I will have no choice but to do so because the Android operating system on the phone finally becomes outdated. In the meantime, I keep buying this model when I need to replace one that either breaks or is lost/stolen or damaged. I prefer this titanium color over the white one, though.
LOVE THIS SELLER AND PHONE.
Good quality, works well
It was vert clean
Great deliverd on time phone works great wonderful very pleased thank u
Real happy great prodact
I don't normally write reviews since I always thought that they were fake. But I have to let someone know that I just got the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 from Gizmo Trader and it looks and works as if it was brand new. Extremely happy. Customer forever! !!
It's been a 11/2 months since I bought my refurbished Note 2 from PCOMM and it's working great. It looks brand new!
I am very happy with it. It did however come with a few marks on the back but the front was good to
excelente vienen 6 protectores
worked great.
Outstanding! I would shop here again.
Extraordinary condition. Came with pen and charger by Jo Mobile. . Only thing that needs to be improved is the time is takes to charge. I use next launcher go Dev team. Always works better with Samsung.
Good buy accurate info, recommended to others Thanks
great phone !! i m very happy , thank you
Its great
I love this phone. The size of the screen is amazing. At first I thought it might be to big. It's not! I won't go back to a smaller screen EVER!! Battery life is just as amazing. I have extra batteries that I haven't used yet. I bought them for emergencies or if I'm not next to a power source. I use Straight talk SIM. As of right now they don't have LTE speeds, but it does get 4G. In Atlanta I get 7Mbps down and 1Mbps up.
Love the PhoneRefuse to go back to an iPhoneEverything that came with the phone, battery legit but the headphones and charger was not.dont use the headphones. but the charger took over 8 hours to charge 90% from 18%i bought another charger and that one does it in less than 3 hoursatt accepted the SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 2 II i317For 528.99 you cant beat that price compared to 650.00 att website.would of gave it 5 stars if it was not for the charger
Okay, so the Samsung Galaxy Note II is obviously a great phone, and as I feel that reviews of this nature should focus more on the seller, I won't discuss how amazing this phone is, in and of itself. This phone is roughly $800 from AT&T, Verizon, and Amazon out-of-contract. The seller listing the product here is selling it for $300 less than anyone else and it's not used or refurbished. That is pretty spectacular. However, the battery that came with this phone is next to useless. It has no brand name marked on it and just says Made In China. The life of the battery is terrible. I literally have to leave my phone plugged into the wall at all times. If I unplug it, the battery drains waaaay too quickly. My friend has this phone and his battery is not even close to as bad as mine. He bought his phone from Verizon and it came with a battery that, while it looks similar in marking and color to mine, it says Samsung across it. Mine does not. His charger is also completely different. It's very likely that my charger is a fake too, although the piece that plugs into the outlet says Samsung on it, it is not the stock charger that comes with the phone. The phone, battery, and charger came in a plain AT&T box that was not sealed, although it was shrinkwrapped. Part of the box had been torn and patched with scotch tape. It came with the appropriate manual. Fortunately, despite all of this, the phone itself is 100% legitimate and works perfectly. I will be forced to purchase a real battery for $20 or so and I will probably invest in a new charger at a later time, but this doesn't really bother me a lot. It irks me, slightly, that the seller felt the need to sell the phone with a s***ty battery, but honestly, a battery and the actual Samsung Note II box is NOT worth $300 extra dollars to me. If you need to buy this phone out of contract, then I would recommend purchasing it from this seller even though their choice of sending it with a fake battery is questionable, you'll still come out ahead purchasing this phone here and a new battery from somewhere else. I'm still relatively happy with my purchase. Perhaps the seller should notify that this device ships with a third-party battery instead of the OEM Samsung battery, but it's not a HUGE deal. If you want this phone new, get it here unless you want to pay $300 for a nice box and a battery. If you're okay with a used phone, then I recommend you go to Swappa and look there. I don't like buying used electronics like this, however.
Phone arrived as scheduled apparently undamaged. The box was a plain box labeled "AT&T" but not a new retail AT&T box. There was no, absolutely no, paperwork in the box just the phone, the battery, the wall charger, a usb cable and a set of Samsung earbuds. The phone is a wonderful piece of electronics and the Android OS is easy to learn and use. I had to get a new sim, my old one was a full size and the Note 2 uses a mini. The phone was instantly recognized by the AT&T system and picked up both a cell and data signal. The problem that I am having is with the usb connection. It is apparently defective. I can charge the battery, but only consistently if the phone is off. I have only been able to connect with my computer once, and that was a struggle. I have contacted Samsung and they have assured me that the phone is under warranty should I need to get it repaired but that requires sending the phone in and having to pay to ship it there and being without it for who knows how long. As this is a "new" phone and an expensive phone one would expect that it would not need to be repaired upon arrival. I have not contacted the seller yet as I am still trying to see if the problem is software or hardware related.Pros:Beautiful screenFast processorResponsive OSActually good battery life (when I can get it charged)Cons:AT&T crapware that is unremovable (this on top of the OS and Samsung's software left a little over 10 gig out of the base 16 gig usable)the usb connection problem that I am havingI would still recommend this phone to anyone that needs the screen size and does not mind the fact that it is a big phone.UPDATE 5/3/13:The problem with the USB port was resolved by resetting the phone to factory default (had to download the manual from Samsung for directions). The problem did let me find out 2 things: 1 - the seller was quick to offer an exchange if necessary, good communication response and helpful and 2 - the phone is covered by a Samsung 1 year warranty, you do have to register the phone for warranty support.
Everyone has left opinions on this phone. I ordered this phone which was listed similarly...a small note from the seller indicated that it was an i317M. That is the designation for a canadian phone. They are completely unbranded...The nice thing is that it indeed works on AT&T's LTE frequencies. The only thing that you'll need to do is set the apn up yourself...just inserting the sim sets up at&t's old apn settings...you'll need to change them to get lte speeds...Other than that, you get to enjoy a phone with none of the at&t bloatware, and no restrictions in the software...it's fantastic.Mark
phone was not unlocked but was able to have it done fast ,phone woks grate looks very good i would buy again and will use this seller for the next phone i buy for my wife
Delivery was prompt. Good piece, working well.
Great phone for a great price. Everything was a described.
I like it it seams to work just fine !
I own 2 of these. Love it
perfect size. works great
Everything perfect, an old phone but still very very god and with a great cost-benefit relation
I just got this phone and it is ok so far. I love it and I think anyone will love this phone too. I give it a four star rate because I am still observing how the phone works.
If you want a great, quality, large screen phone without the huge price of the newer smart phones this is the one you'll love to have. It is fast, easy to look at, and easy to use. It runs Kit Kat and all the latest apps and launchers. I love it.
I was disappointed when my s-pen was not included my packages, apart from that the package was delivered in time, the phone is beautiful
Very nice
Good
I love my phone.. But the insurance I bought for it wasn't worth the money spent on it. Everything that you need coverage for on a phone it does not cover.
It is a very good phone
Excellent experience with the vendor and the phone. Everything worked as expected.
Item arrived safely and on time.it was very impressive.
So pleased with phone and seller I had to get another one . Would recommend to anyone
Thank you. Phone as described!
Absolutely love it. Had to do a factory reset so I'd be able to download apps, but has worked great ever since! Phone was in great and amazing and like new condition wheb I recieved it and very well packaged.
The phine is good and reliable for me. I really enjoy it , it works perfectly fine. I LOVE IT !
I absolutely love my Note 2!! I can only pray that this version doesn't have the same charging port issues as the original note.
I received the phone today. Only issue I had was because of mother nature. The customer support through cellular gallery inc. Was great. Replied fast. Great product. As described . I love my new phone :) will definitely highly recommend this to others. But only through cellular gallery inc. I will shop with them again!!
This is a 1 stop Technology Blockbuster! Anything a laptop/tablet/phone can do, the Galaxy Note 2 can do as well if not better!Effortlessly sync Exchange, G mail, Chat, and professional as well as leisurely social media accounts.Surf the Web, take pictures, navigate to shop or mall, ping stock market, stream your favorite show, read a book or manual, write grocery list (in your own handwriting) etc. etc. etc all from one powerful super responsive device..This phone or "phablet" is a productivity/entertainment power house..Take time to read up on all the features and apps. (recommended) to take full advantage of this beautiful piece of equipment.I purchased my phone "unlocked", allowing me to choose carrier (At&t or T mobile) and craft a pay as you go data plan that best suites my needs..I am completely satisfied!!
This phone is so cool that it has everything you need a notebook.phone.best phone I really like samsung phones.and lots of free apps.
I purchased this phone for my husband for Christmas. He loves it and will not put it down. He keeps showing me what it can do.
This is a great phone and it works great with straight talk with 4 g lte. Older phone but specs are great even when compared to the new phones. I hardly ever give 5 stars but this phone is a 41/2 star. Shipping was quick. Box seemed generic but had everything needed. If you are looking for a Galaxy S 3 I would choose this all day. In fact, dollar for dollar I might choose this phone over the S 4. Check out the S 4 vs Note 2 videos on YT and make your own choice.
Phone is a beast. Super fast and the display is something special as well. Getting familiar with a 5.5in screen is a bit texing but with time this phone seems the right size for more than just call and text. great phone, great price and fast shipping.
Niiiiice.
This phone has all the bells and whistles. A word to the wise to save on your data cap. Find a WiFi hot spot to get the updates on the software. The first one was over 790 mb just for the android OS. It came with android 4.1 and now it's android 4.4.2 plus all the loaded apps need updated. But it does run like a dream with the 4G LTE.
great phone
Great phone. I know its not the latest thing out but i bought it cause of my budget. Great screen and beautiful display. Buyer was excellent as well
This phone was a gift to my girlfriend whom needed a phone fast but a cool one and she mentioned the note 2. I looked and found a great deal from set company and it arrived in time and in great shape...unlocked and works right on point ...Thank you...u gave me major brownie points
good
At first I had problems, but already solved. previous post sorry and thank you. EXCELLENT !
This is just a great phone. Love the thinness, love the screen and the stylus. Battery life is a bit short, but I've been using that big, beautiful screen a lot. I was worried its size would make feel like a "phablet", but it doesn't.
Great seller, superb customer service...vety satisfied.......thank you
the ONLY series of phone i need
product arrived on time and phone was in excellent condition practically brand new and works great! Very satisfied
I love it, its very nice and it works excellent
I love it
I love this phone. The size of the screen is amazing. At first I thought it might be to big. It's not! I won't go back to a smaller screen EVER!! Battery life is just as amazing. I have extra batteries that I haven't used yet. I bought them for emergencies or if I'm not next to a power source. I use Straight talk SIM. As of right now they don't have LTE speeds, but it does get 4G. In Atlanta I get 7Mbps down and 1Mbps up.
Love the PhoneRefuse to go back to an iPhoneEverything that came with the phone, battery legit but the headphones and charger was not.dont use the headphones. but the charger took over 8 hours to charge 90% from 18%i bought another charger and that one does it in less than 3 hoursatt accepted the SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 2 II i317For 528.99 you cant beat that price compared to 650.00 att website.would of gave it 5 stars if it was not for the charger
Okay, so the Samsung Galaxy Note II is obviously a great phone, and as I feel that reviews of this nature should focus more on the seller, I won't discuss how amazing this phone is, in and of itself. This phone is roughly $800 from AT&T, Verizon, and Amazon out-of-contract. The seller listing the product here is selling it for $300 less than anyone else and it's not used or refurbished. That is pretty spectacular. However, the battery that came with this phone is next to useless. It has no brand name marked on it and just says Made In China. The life of the battery is terrible. I literally have to leave my phone plugged into the wall at all times. If I unplug it, the battery drains waaaay too quickly. My friend has this phone and his battery is not even close to as bad as mine. He bought his phone from Verizon and it came with a battery that, while it looks similar in marking and color to mine, it says Samsung across it. Mine does not. His charger is also completely different. It's very likely that my charger is a fake too, although the piece that plugs into the outlet says Samsung on it, it is not the stock charger that comes with the phone. The phone, battery, and charger came in a plain AT&T box that was not sealed, although it was shrinkwrapped. Part of the box had been torn and patched with scotch tape. It came with the appropriate manual. Fortunately, despite all of this, the phone itself is 100% legitimate and works perfectly. I will be forced to purchase a real battery for $20 or so and I will probably invest in a new charger at a later time, but this doesn't really bother me a lot. It irks me, slightly, that the seller felt the need to sell the phone with a s***ty battery, but honestly, a battery and the actual Samsung Note II box is NOT worth $300 extra dollars to me. If you need to buy this phone out of contract, then I would recommend purchasing it from this seller even though their choice of sending it with a fake battery is questionable, you'll still come out ahead purchasing this phone here and a new battery from somewhere else. I'm still relatively happy with my purchase. Perhaps the seller should notify that this device ships with a third-party battery instead of the OEM Samsung battery, but it's not a HUGE deal. If you want this phone new, get it here unless you want to pay $300 for a nice box and a battery. If you're okay with a used phone, then I recommend you go to Swappa and look there. I don't like buying used electronics like this, however.
Phone arrived as scheduled apparently undamaged. The box was a plain box labeled "AT&T" but not a new retail AT&T box. There was no, absolutely no, paperwork in the box just the phone, the battery, the wall charger, a usb cable and a set of Samsung earbuds. The phone is a wonderful piece of electronics and the Android OS is easy to learn and use. I had to get a new sim, my old one was a full size and the Note 2 uses a mini. The phone was instantly recognized by the AT&T system and picked up both a cell and data signal. The problem that I am having is with the usb connection. It is apparently defective. I can charge the battery, but only consistently if the phone is off. I have only been able to connect with my computer once, and that was a struggle. I have contacted Samsung and they have assured me that the phone is under warranty should I need to get it repaired but that requires sending the phone in and having to pay to ship it there and being without it for who knows how long. As this is a "new" phone and an expensive phone one would expect that it would not need to be repaired upon arrival. I have not contacted the seller yet as I am still trying to see if the problem is software or hardware related.Pros:Beautiful screenFast processorResponsive OSActually good battery life (when I can get it charged)Cons:AT&T crapware that is unremovable (this on top of the OS and Samsung's software left a little over 10 gig out of the base 16 gig usable)the usb connection problem that I am havingI would still recommend this phone to anyone that needs the screen size and does not mind the fact that it is a big phone.UPDATE 5/3/13:The problem with the USB port was resolved by resetting the phone to factory default (had to download the manual from Samsung for directions). The problem did let me find out 2 things: 1 - the seller was quick to offer an exchange if necessary, good communication response and helpful and 2 - the phone is covered by a Samsung 1 year warranty, you do have to register the phone for warranty support.
Everyone has left opinions on this phone. I ordered this phone which was listed similarly...a small note from the seller indicated that it was an i317M. That is the designation for a canadian phone. They are completely unbranded...The nice thing is that it indeed works on AT&T's LTE frequencies. The only thing that you'll need to do is set the apn up yourself...just inserting the sim sets up at&t's old apn settings...you'll need to change them to get lte speeds...Other than that, you get to enjoy a phone with none of the at&t bloatware, and no restrictions in the software...it's fantastic.Mark
Outstanding! I would shop here again.
Good buy accurate info, recommended to others Thanks
great phone !! i m very happy , thank you
Its great
Was everything that was promised. Got here in two days because we live in FL and they are in FL.
I love it it works great, the only problem is the back of the phone its faded and scratched up to hell but I can replace that though
Love it, Love it Love it
Very Good
Nice phone
LOVE IT
I bought two phones from this seller one for me and 1 from my wife and she made out better than me. My phone is practically un used but.......it came with a generic battery. Also my power button it a little hard to press(i few trys are needed). other than that it's good. She has no problems as far as she knows it's brand new ;) but let's keep that between me n you
Thanks
Recently (early February), I damaged my Samsung Note 2 that was given to me as a gift beyond repair. I could have purchased any other product, but because I was/am so pleased with the performance of the Note 2, I purchased another brand-new Samsung Note 2. Being a professional, I really love the sleek, slim look and the ease with which I am able to navigate through the phone.
Great phone and fast delivery
No probs so far, exellent
good
I had a great experience ! I received it in a few days and it hardly has any scratches ! It came with car charger and wall charger ! They only this is that it came in white instead of the color in the picture ! But I still love it
This phone is amazing it met all my expectations! It runs well takes good pictures. It arrived a couple days earlier than what it said it would be here. If your not use to a bigger phone it does take a little bit to get use to.
Love it...Bulky size a trade off.
Muy BUENO EXCELENTE
An Ok phone for the bucks. You get what you pay for.
LOVE THIS SELLER AND PHONE.
Good quality, works well
It was vert clean
This is my first smart phone and there has most certainly been a learning curve, but I'm very happy with it. The large screen is wonderful but doesn't make the phone too big for my pockets.
Just got the phone in the mail, i took it out and immediatly noticed the box. The box was opened , not sealed by any means of the word, as the phone could just fall right out, it was also torn and ripped in some places, the packing list paper inside was also crumpled up and torn, i can look beyond the boxing though but it just concerns me about everything else, if the box is in this condition what else might be wrong? The phone itself is in perfect condition except for one little spot where the back doesnt fit on all the way but i dont care much, so i will see how this phone pans out over the next few weekasand i will try to update.
was good and works well. nice doing business with u
Just got this phone and its AWESOME! The features that this phone has doesn't even compare to what my old iPhone had. I told myself that I wouldn't go back to droid device after several bad run-ins but, I'm glad that I switched back after buying the Note II. Definitely a recommended buy!
This is the best phone that could have been made. I love this phone. It does everything and is everything. i would not trade it for anything. I will not go back to a iPhone. I can actually see what I need to see on my phone screen and I am very happy about that. This phone is a mini computer with multiple functions, which I am still learning about.
Good
I really love it
Fast delivery. I own a T-mobile note 2 and the phone is absolutely beautiful and very fast in terms of response.
I bought a used Note 2 to replace my Lumia 1520 because I couldn't stand the fact that Microsoft was providing updates for the Android and iOS apps (Office, Skype, OneDrive) before supporting their own platform.It's a solid device, it runs pretty much everything I throw at it currently. I wound up installing Ditto Note 3 with the ANGI Kernel in order to help solve my only issue - battery life. it's abysmal and I was recharging before noon at my desk. The new kernel and a ZeroLemon 9300mah battery later, and I can go 20 hours and still be at 65%. Definitely worth dropping the extra $45 if you don't want to be tied to the wall all the time. DN3 is worth an install too - the Note 3 features like Air Command are great.I like touchwiz, it's come a loooong way from android 1.6 devices, and will be sticking with Galaxy Notes for the forseeable future.
Good
I love this phone. It shipped timely, new and perfectly packaged. It was unlocked and I had no problem setting it up after inserting my SIM card. Excellent purchase.
Works great
On time and sometimes ahead of schedule. Good job guys.
Great deliverd on time phone works great wonderful very pleased thank u
Real happy great prodact
I don't normally write reviews since I always thought that they were fake. But I have to let someone know that I just got the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 from Gizmo Trader and it looks and works as if it was brand new. Extremely happy. Customer forever! !!
It's been a 11/2 months since I bought my refurbished Note 2 from PCOMM and it's working great. It looks brand new!
excelente vienen 6 protectores
worked great.
Excellent!
Excellent product and it arrived just right on time.
good product
Even though is used works flawless!!!!
Great improvement over the original note 1.
Great phone
I love my new phone, great pictures too.
good price for this phone.
working as it should be
Did the job
Good product, recieved on time.
Very nice indeed. The item shipped quickly and without any damage. Price is reasonable. I definitely will recommend product like this.
Perfect. Thanks.
ok
Excellent Recommended 100%
Love it!
Great phone. Only had one small issue and it's not going to cost a star: the stylus that came with it stopped working. I was able to get it replaced. Very fast shipping. I am in love with this phone and am so happy I decided to go with this model instead of another one. Kudos to this seller. I will purchase from them again.
Package arrived promptly and in great condition! Seller also provided a wall charger as well as a car charger which was super nice. The phone works perfectly and is great for taking notes and drawing incredible snapchats. :)
so far it works great, does what it say it will do, not problems
Good.
Its been a great phone i havent had any problems out of it and i will hopefully be purchasing another one very soon
Excellent seller very fast .the item was exactly the way I see it on the picture thanks
Really cool phone. Suck not unlock phone...
The phone was in a great shape, no doubt, but it was said to be new but wasn't. I know this because the battery was not genuine and cannot hold a decent charge.
It is a good quality mobile for me. It make me happy and convenience when I use it. I love it so much.
Excellent fun! excellent buy!! looooove it!!!
Goof for low price
Bought it for my mom and the camera is super cool and it works just find with T-Mobile sim
Love the phone. Battery life is terrible .
it came in a very perfect condiction!!
This cellphone is amazing. everything was right.
son loves it. Thanks
I've had my phone for almost a yr and it still works great! Love it and will order again
LOVE this Phone! !! In in Panama City, Panama, and Works great!!!
Love, love this phone. Works great!
My favorite-est phone EVER! :) Love the Note II. It came quickly and works great with Straight Talk.
phone looked brand new had it for a couple days now and it works fine.. battery dosent last very long but other than that i am extremely satisfied (:
Tried the samsung it work well but still have not tried the iPhone because it did not come with a charger and I was kinda disappointed
Everything came as shown and promised! If you want it it great condition and all new go buy it new not used, if you want it to function well and have no scratches and new like you buy in stores. no earbuds come but everything else is greaaaat!!
Great communication! Exactly as stated. I'm happy.
Good
Love my new phone. It was Quick lighting speed in the mail!!!!! Fantastic service! It does everything I need it to do. And tons more. Fabulous camera! !!!!!
Am giving it a 4 star because it came on time and as a brand new but has a bad battery. I had to buy another battery but generally, I love the phone.
Hey I got this phone yesterday. An it was great an looks great to I'm in love with the big screen. An even tho its not the news model note. It still holds it own. Only down side my data does not work well on this phone.but other then that I love it the price was great an the phone is even better best buy of the year.
Product arrived on time, brand new and met my expectations
The phone works great and looks great.
just couldn't be happier with product as advertized
I ordered this new from the seller wireless experts Inc. First of all it came a day early which was pretty awesome! The phone was in its original packaging with everything in it. Brand new battery and everything. The one I received is an AT&T phone (but that's exactly what I wanted in the first place). All I had to do was switch my SIM card over. It works perfectly and I absolutely love the size. Just be sure to do all of the system updates when you get it... since the model is a couple years old it won't be running on the current version of Android. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who is tired of small phones! Thanks wireless experts for sending me a perfect phone!
Enjoying my Samsung works beautifuly.
Great
Items came with Android OS 4.3. Description said they had Android OS 4.1.x. I wanted the older OS. Did offer a return of item.
Great phone seller was greatly
The phone looks new, but the packaging it came in was a really bad. It was torn from one side which made me think that it could be stolen or something. So I went ahead and checked the EMEI, but did not find it in blacklisted IMEI's so I guess I was just being paranoid.I think the phone is a bit bulky and I personally do not prefer such a big phone in my hands. But it was for my cousin and she wanted this one so I got it for her.
Phone is beautiful and big. Totally unlocked, I activated it with straight talk and it works awesome. No hassle at all. Love it! Highly recommend to anyone.
I was a bit wary, based on some reviews, about buying this phone. Now, I am happy to say, it was a good decision.Before I spout about how much I love this phone, a few things need to be mentioned:1) This phone comes NEW (unless you buy it from a seller other than the one above)2) This phone needs to be unlocked with a CODE that is PROVIDED by the seller and is on a sticker on the side of the phone box. It is a very easy process...I took a pic but scribbled out the code in Paper Artist before uploading, so it is a bit artsy (didn't feel like downloading a photo editing app - for some reason, it didn't come with one).3) If you are using Straight Talk, you won't need to unlock it.4) I am writing this review in my own handwriting and it is converting it to text!! Pic added for emphasis. NOTE: You can take a screenshot and write on it (hold down the button on the stylus and touch pen to screen for a couple seconds), but you have to download an app to scribble on photos, I guess.5) Downloading the manual and taking time to read through all the features is HIGHLY recommended. There are tons that most people never use.6) Most people will not need all the features this phone has to offer. It is a phone that works. And by work I mean multi-task and simplify all your tasks for business and/or school.That being said, I am a student of Graphic and Web Design and I have a few projects for businesses I am working on. I have been wanting a tablet that I can draw, sketch ideas, and take notes with, but haven't found one reasonably priced (I have a pretty small budget) that could accomplish what I needed.In other news, I wanted a new phone badly. My iPhone 4 was worthless for what I wanted/needed for school and work. I killed two birds with one stone by getting this phone!I have nothing but praise for the S Pen. Amazingly accurate and looks like my own handwriting, which is something I have only seen in a Microsoft Surface Pro. Must be that Wacom technology. The stylus is superior even to my Wacom Bamboo stylus! I have already sketched out some ideas for a new website and the possibilities for school and work efficiency are endless with this thing. My calendars were synced, emails, google drive, etc. Makes it easier than checking all that stuff from my laptop.I won't bother with specs, those have been covered in other reviews.Battery life: the more you have going on, the more battery you use. Sorry.Overall, a money-saving purchase for someone who wants a small tablet and a phone but can only afford one and doesn't want to carry both around.Win-Win!
MY wife is very, very happy with the phone and will do more business with your company!!!
Great phone bought about a month now for my husband! He loves it calls it his 2nd wife lol
Excellent product
Good
Compare to the 2012 Samsung Note 2, this 2014 version is faster. But I don't know why.
Grate item good job guys.
Great phone for the price.
Phone is awesome seller shipped fast couldn't ask for a better phone!!! $$! Don't forget screen protector and otter well worth protecting investment upgrading mines with 3rd memory card 10$$ love my note 2
LOVEEEEE IT BEST I COULD ASK FOR! !!
EXELENTE
Working very good and top
I'm happy with my purchase. I arrived in good condition, arrived before the due date. Excellent phone.
Quality was great no problem at al. Thanks Amazon.com
Great phone! So many features and the phone is so easy to handle. Every day I learn something new. Glad I bought this phone.
Excellent product and service
The phone has done fine. I had a note 1 and this has some features I like better. Otherwise very similar.
Great phone and came two days earlier. 5 star
100% awesome.New condition + one of the best phones made.Samsung did good with this one.
Great phones
Great phone. It worked as stated. The scratches in the bag. I didn't even notice them. Besides with the new case, who cares.
Good
This is an excellent smartphone for everyone who need big screen combined with powerful hardware and a lot of features.
Wonderful
it was really nice phone and clean also i got a new Headset and new charge with a box of the phone it's really good and fast shipping. THANK YOU
I am compleatly satisfied with this phone
I been watching the price drop on Samsung Notes. My1ST SMARTPHONE was a virgin mobile Opitimus V w/3.5"screen,800mhz core single;] Took me a while. Idk exactly, but i got 1st @end of start of gingerbread. Seemed along time it hungout. Finally, 4"! Motoroloa triumph. Another single core.wtheck? The optimus was ez to root n flash cm?7 I think. But old day reason for me was free hotspot-Tether abilities. For the other wifi devices in our lives. Had to root Triumph. It was half rooted outa the box! Xda developers made sure to post t5hat find. In fact i believe maybe brandon14 was to credit, all you had to do was install emulator off playstore. Enter maybe 3,4 lines. Sudo, i forget, but bam, full root that ez, after a reboot i think to. Then many others....Pantech poket p9060- pantch-crossover, moved up to duel core! Dam good. Atrix 2 with a lapdock. On it now.;] love it for youyuben to sleep. Listen to neville goddard. Your life will change. The secret was nothing compared to him. Dead now. Old school. Youtubers rock for yploading lost treasurs. Yhnx minds eye. Atrix2 is bad ass, but the not 2 is frikn awesomeness. Not1 seemed not enuff. But note 2 is alot better. Note3 doesnt impress me. Yaya who wouldnt want note4? For 8,900$ go for it tuff guy.My not2 for 275$wasnt gettn any cheaper. Mango=seller awsome delivery. 1day early. Perfect package. Sealed.Feels like xmas, 10=23-2014 i will update if i feel a speck of regret. Played 24hrs. To many options. Weeks before i got it 110%Peace. We are "IMAGINATION' G Gods n 5the making... live life. Do not hesitate.275 is good. Silly not1 250-300 still.. just do it. U nwont regret. Order case n screen protection. Please
My friend loves it and he praises it every day. I popped in his AT&T sim and he was able to get it up and running with no issue. He works and plays on it every chance he gets when we're out at the restaurant. So that's one phone that's got more attention than me. LOL, but overall he was happy with the movies and music files I loaded on his 32GB SD . I'm an Apple lover and not a fandroid. Not that I have any problems with Android phones (i.e. Google phone - 1st generation). But I have to admit I love the response on it and the display is ridiculously "big". I can do the same thing pretty much on my iPad mini using Skype or Pinger to make phone calls. Anyhow, get a case and get a Zagg Shield to protect the display from cracking and getting scratched. Highly recommended on any big phone purchases.
The samsung galaxy note 2 is very good I like is work very fast thank you very much love it
I was a little worried about purchasing such a large phone but in the end after always wishing I had a bigger screen decided to give it a try. I'm so glad that I did. I even have small (female) hands and I have not found, so far, any issues with having a large phone. I love the camera, the screen, the larger keyboard and even have discovered that I use the S-pen (which I never thought I'd even remove from its cubby). I never have any issues reading texts or emails (the type is large enough to not have to expand the view). And the features (I find a couple of new ones every day) are amazing! There are some gimmicky features, sure! But I am surprised how many features of this phone I have now integrated into my daily routine. I no longer carry a sketchbook (interior design student) or a note pad (list maker). I just pull out the s-pen and all of my sketches and lists are created and stored in the same spot. I also love the fact that I can just jot down a friend's contact info and then save it into my phone! The camera isn't the best on the market these days but I can't complain at all! I knew when I was doing my research that other phones had better cameras but so far the Note 2 has far surpassed my expectations! The battery is surprisingly powerful too given how often I use this phone throughout the day. Because of it's generous size and ease of use I am constantly looking up anything and everything online whereas with my previous phone I sometimes put it off until I could use my laptop. I also have put away my Kindle and have now added the Kindle app to my phone. Again, since the screen is larger I have no problem reading books right on my phone. Once again, I love this phone! It does everything but wash my dishes.
Hi my name kwame I bought my phone from bayshine there is not one single starch on the phone everything works perfect the phone is so big however the charger they sent with the phone dont work so buy your own charger but good phone love it
This is a really good phone. Battery holds better than the note. I got it at a good price because the G Note 3 came out with a hand full of extras but I'm sticking to this phone for a while on my $ 45.dollar Straight Talk Plan which works great on thid plan.
like the size of the touch screen easer to work with has a long battery life the Samsung galaxy note 2 has lots of nice function and nice size to read booksall my friends love it.
everthing is good as expected .after a month of usage i really found it worth buying it.4G speed is good.battery comes around 48 hours at nominal use.
I bought this phone and didn't realize it was an AT&T phone. I was looking for a Verizon phone but I'm happy with the phone I have no problems at all.
Clean, undamaged awesome phone. Haven't had any problems...
Wish i could give it more than 5 stars!!! This phone is AWESOME!! Superfast, lots of aps, just great all around
I LOVE IT! !!
I love my Note 2...my second one...it does everything.... note 5-6 cost big $you can buy a refurbished Note 2 for less than $200 and it won't effect your plan per month like adding a store phone for $30 month for 2 years!
love it so far
I love this phone. But I really want the Note 4 now. Damn what a sweet phone it is. My only bitch about this Note2 is all the bloatware that I am not able to remove. I know it's every phone, but damn it, this is mine, I own it out right, let me delete this s*** from MY phone.
5 months now since I've had the phone and it is still working perfectly!Excellent buy!I don't regret it at allPerfect!
Great condition
Works as described!!! I think the phone is refurbished, and it should state so, But regardless it works great. Even though the original company that makes the phone is sponsored by AT&T, the phone is unlocked, and can be used with any carrier.
great phone at an excellent price
I will update, but have to say right away that this phone has the best resolution I've seen yet, far Here is my phone number far surpasses my Samsung s3. Very modern layout, icons, operations, you can't tell that you didn't get the latest version.
Excellent!
Excellent product and it arrived just right on time.
good product
Even though is used works flawless!!!!
Great improvement over the original note 1.
Very nice indeed. The item shipped quickly and without any damage. Price is reasonable. I definitely will recommend product like this.
Perfect. Thanks.
ok
Excellent Recommended 100%
Love it!
Great phone. Only had one small issue and it's not going to cost a star: the stylus that came with it stopped working. I was able to get it replaced. Very fast shipping. I am in love with this phone and am so happy I decided to go with this model instead of another one. Kudos to this seller. I will purchase from them again.
Package arrived promptly and in great condition! Seller also provided a wall charger as well as a car charger which was super nice. The phone works perfectly and is great for taking notes and drawing incredible snapchats. :)
so far it works great, does what it say it will do, not problems
Good.
Great phone
I love my new phone, great pictures too.
good price for this phone.
working as it should be
Did the job
Good product, recieved on time.
Really cool phone. Suck not unlock phone...
The phone was in a great shape, no doubt, but it was said to be new but wasn't. I know this because the battery was not genuine and cannot hold a decent charge.
It is a good quality mobile for me. It make me happy and convenience when I use it. I love it so much.
So far so good. I love the note 3. Mine came with styles pen, and correct charger, and even came in original box. Looks and works like its brand new, plus shipping was so fast and right on time! I'm very satisfied.
Works great
The phones looked great and I did get pens with mine. A little disappointed that the phones weren't in any type of box. Just thrown in a bag with chargers with bubble wrap.
So far so good. I love the note 3. Mine came with styles pen, and correct charger, and even came in original box. Looks and works like its brand new, plus shipping was so fast and right on time! I'm very satisfied.
Works great
The best phablet on the market
Very good product, and better seller. Thabks.
I love it
Okey
Great product and great warranty I would advice anyone buy from this company
Excellent!
Like. Great graded
Great Product
Excelente
Exelent
Amazing phone very fast of the best quality. I don't like the fact that Samsung did not make the battery removable. I also don't like the fact that it does not have SD slot. It would be perfect if it had these two things.
Really like it. I thought is was in Arabic. Installations was In English. Even come with a 110v adapter.
Very good
Awesome smart phone. Does everything I want and the battery life is good.
The was in almost perfect condition. No scratches on the screen or body. I was very impressed with the phone. I would definitely recommend this seller. The phone was in better shape than I expected since the price was so low.
Good
Great phone, great features and serviice.
Best Buy so far... thought it might be refurbished but it is completely new. Totally satisfied.
Good cell phone.
The note 5 is last non-explosive, actually working note device released by Samsung. And it is the first metal designed galaxy note version. It's very sleek , fast , modern looking, tablet and phone. It has its signature pen. And man, what a great CAMERA. honestly with this terrible note 7 and no note 6 at all, note 5 is your only and best choice
Product is as said international warrenty and no prob as such till now.Thanks
Great phone, works well overseas!
Even though it's an international version, nothing is lacking and it's a great phone
The best phablet on the market
I love it
Okey
Great product and great warranty I would advice anyone buy from this company
Excellent!
Like. Great graded
great recomended
I have no problems charging my N920c using my wireless charger. There is something wrong with your charger or phone case.
Works good, Shipped in correct time, only down fall wireless does not work if cover is on for charging.wireless.
Very nice phone.
nice phone good quality.
Thank you. I love my note 5
I'm very happy thanks :)
I love it!!!!
Awesome phone
Awesome ...very good
Thanks. I'm glad.
I love it
Perfect phone. Works perfectly 😍
I love it and I can do all kinds of different things
So far I've had no issues with this phone. I love it. I apologize for not writing an in depth review of the mechanics of the phone, but if you would like that I advise checking out reviews on Youtube before you purchase.The firmware from the seller I purchased from came in Russian. As a result the S-Voice functionality is in Russian. You'll have to tinker with it abit to get its settings in English. But other than that, Ive enjoyed my time with this phone.
Everything good, few features like samsung pay are not available because of international version. Except it everything is great.
Yes, this is my dream phone very cool I like this phone strong note
Excellent productAmazon sensationalDelivery time and formAll very good !!
Very good thank you
great recomended
Works good, Shipped in correct time, only down fall wireless does not work if cover is on for charging.wireless.
The phone works completely the way that i hoped it would. It arrived two days after I ordered it and that made me very happy. It fully functions and feels great. I love the feel of the keypad although out is a little a tad different than what most qwerty keyboards have. I do like the fact that the camera button is on the keyboard instead of taking up space on the side of the phone. The speaker isn't as loud as I'd hoped. It's a very beautiful basic phone.
I can't use a smart phone, but using my regular phone to text was starting to become a problem. When I have to do 4-4 4-4-4 to say hi, it's just too much, and then when I started typing like that well, 4-4-4 8 9 2 7-7-7-7 8 6-6-6 6-6-6 2-2-2 7-7-7 2 9-9-9-9 9-9-9. I like the full keyboard on this phone, because I don't have to make as many strokes to say the same thing, and it looks like a blackberry, only blue...is that a blueberry?
This is a pretty good phone for texting. It has a nice keyboard, and a 1.3 MP camera. The first one that came had a bad MicroSD slot. Cellular Gallery Inc. was really good about sending a replacement. They even pretested the MicroSD slot before sending it. This replacement unit works great!A small snag - AT&T needed to enter the serial number into their system before the SIM card would work. That necessitated a trip to the AT&T Store.
Great phone for non-smartphone users. Bought as a replacement for my first Propel which lasted 6 years. Highly recommend if you don't want to spring for a data plan.
I replaced the exact phone that I have used for several years now. I was not ready to pay for the smart phone service.
I love my phone. It looks new and works great. I had this phone before for about 2 years, and after having a couple other phones since then, I decided I loved this one the most.I had to delete the contacts from the previous owner, but that's not a big deal.
I don't use all the features on the phone. I do like the full keyboard and ease of maneuverability. Good deal for a good phone.
My wife is into talking and texting on the cell phone. She wants no smart phone. Just a simple talk and text phone with a qwerty keypad and internet connection if so desire. She also loves the slider part of the phone which makes it more compact and hides her qwerty pad when not in use. Great phone for the money!
t y
Product received well past date I was quoted. Item was red and white not the blue and black we were expecting, but I have a boy so it's not a big deal. Thank goodness it's not pink. Seems to be working fine.
Great condition , Grandma very happy with phone. Thanks you
Good working phone
Decent phone, great price, no problems with it so far (as of 2 months of use).
I am 77 yrs. old and this phone does all that I am able to work. Takes wonderful pictures. Sends and receives messages fast and easy to type without having to hit each key several times. Silent mode is very good for quietness, in buildings like resturants and civil bldgs. and at night. Would encourage all that want a good working cell without all the internet stuff!! This is my second one after the other one got broken.
Had a Propel A767 for about two years when it just quit working. It had belonged to one of my daughters and she gave it to me when she upgraded her service. Saw this one in an Amazon search for a decent price so I ordered it. Looks like a brand new phone and works perfectly.
I love this phone! I love the slide out keyboard, so easy to use. Samsung should make a Smart phone like this only with a bigger screen.
Works great for calls and texts while using it on Consumer Cellular network. Data and picture messaging doesn't work so well with that network, but the phone should be capable of it on AT&T networks.
i love this phone because it's easy to use and to see the features. very small yet durable. keys light up
Excellent. AAAAAAAAA++++++++++
I love my new phone. It has so many great features and the price was unbeatable for an unlocked phone. I even received it a day or so earlier than expected. Extremely satisfied with my purchase and I would definately recommend this product and company.
Its a good phone if you need a basic phone. I loved this type of phone. Tks...
Bought for Mother. She says it's working fine and in fairly good condition.
The 2nd Propel for my wife and she loves it!
Was like new condition. It just not meant to last forever. I am currently replacing it with a new phone.
I had this phone in 2009 and after 2 and a half years it wore out. I couldn't get another one from the at&t store so I went with the AT&T Evergreen , I didn't like it at all so I went to a Blackberry.,though that had some VERY real strengths to it it still wasn't for me.I then resigned myself to an AT&T go phone . Someone suggested that I look around on Amazon for any spare Propels lying around and by golly I found some. I got 2 of them for 50 bucks each and couldn't be happier. Its easily opened and closed with one hand and my screen wallpaper is a photo of a fluorescent light . Its bright and white and when I slide my phone open its bright enough to read by.An EXCELLENT makeshift flashlight and though this phone doesnt have the latest bells and whistles (and there are some awesome ones out there) I am VERY happy with it.
I bought this as a replacement. It worked perfectly, and the price was good for what I got. I'm very happy with my order.
This is one of the best products i have ever purchased and i would highly recommend it to all my friends!
I read all the good reviews on this phone and the price was right so I ordered it. This phone is a great basic phone and works well for what I need and it was only $10. Really like it.
Good reception everywhere. The sound is loud and clear. The buttons are a little small if you have big hands and it shuts off unexpectedly when using an SD card.
I have been with Net10 for 8 months now and I switched from a Bring Your Own Phone SIM card to this Samsung. My unlocked HP Pre 3 messed up and I saw this for only $9.99 FREE PRIME shipping. It was a steal.This phone is exactly what I needed. It has features many basic phones don't have nowadays. Things like a dedicated camera button, a cover for the USB charging port to avoid dust getting in and a standard headset jack. The menu is very basic, nothing out of the ordinary, easy to read. As far as the network goes, I did some research and after activating this phone I am certain the networks got switched from T-Mobile to Verizon Wireless coverage. This phone runs on Verizon's CDMA 1X network. Which is also a big plus for me because I have better signal and I'm saving $5 with Net10 over Verizon's Unlimited for basic phones plan. Very happy with my purchase. The only negative thing I would point out is the keyboard itself feels really cheap. It has good tactile feedback but you can definitely feel the cheapness of it. I don't really mind as long as I can text fast on it. Which I think is achievable once I get used to the keyboard. If this phone messes up I can always get a second one. At only $9.99 who wouldn't?
My phone from samsung, through amazon, has been more than satisfactory. It is much more convenient than my previous phone.
This is a great product! I like the size and shape of it very much. The screen provides nice visibility of text and pictures.
I bought two of these from Amazon. I am currently using one of them. This is a Solid phone when it comes to net10 pay as you go phones and I have had a number of net10 phones over the years. I have seen some reviews on other prepaid phones and see the compliants about the browser speed. This is not an Android phone, if it's speed you want, buy an android, if it's just a basic Talk and text phone, then this is the type of phone to buy. This phone is a CDMA phone, it doesn't have a SIM card in it. I have read in an online forum that this phone actually uses the Verizon Towers so the signal is carried by them. I have had no signal problems thus far with this phone no matter where I have been in my area, though there are different factors that can come into play when it comes to cellphone signal strengths and weakness's. The keyboard on this phone is easy to navigate, I do wish they had made the keys just a tiny bit larger but it is not a deal breaker as I have adapted to it and it's not an issue for me. There are several other functions with this phone, one of my Favorties is the Tip calculator, I'm admittedly lousy at math, it's handy to have! There is a Memo pad, another handy tool to have to write a note to save, Remember, a note...not a book. It has a calendar as well as a calculator, it also has a camera, again, this is a prepaid phone camera, don't expect over the top pictures, but they afre not bad at all...for this type of phone. The battery life on this phone is outstanding too. I highly reccomend this phone.
This phone works just fine for someone who just needs a phone. I got the 750 minute plan and I have loads of minutes to burn through, so I tried using the browser. It wasn't as slow as the other reviews led me to believe it would be. It worked ok, but it is a little clunky and difficult to navigate. I'll only use it in emergency situations. I haven't tried the 411 service yet, but I suspect that will be faster than using the internet. The sound and the ringer are both good. The keyboard works well for me, but the buttons are too small for my husband to use. The battery life is excellent. Good phone for the money.
I love this phone. It's easy to use. The only thing I do not like about it is it can easily go into the browser and burn away minutes if you aren't very very careful. But that's all I do not like about it.
I just wanted a basic phone, and this is it. Don't expect Internet access, Facebook, etc, with this thing.My friends mostly have phones costing 2-4 times this much per month (I use the $25/month 750 minute plan). But their phones don't work in buildings, elevators, on the subway, etc., and mine does. It seems that Net10 rents working wireless access from expensive companies and then sells it to us.I have purchased 3 of these phones. One was defective enough to return it, and a second one refuses to go into autolock mode, so I often find it browsing the net or writing its own text messages. To my knowledge it has never actually butt-dialed anyone. I can lock it by just holding down the spacebar, but I often forget. It has never managed to use up my minutes, anyway.A fourth Net10 phone also died before I started with these Samsungs. So why do I give them 5 stars? Because they are practically giving these phones away, and the per month charge is reasonable by US standards.The only reason I don't get yet another phone and dump my slightly defective one is that I'll have to type in about 300 digits to reprogram the new phone to take over my account.As far as usability, the phone is great. The keyboard is fine, even though the keys are tiny and I can barely see them without glasses, it is miles better than my previous 'cheap' phones, which cost much more than these. The menus are well organized, and I use the phone as my daily alarm as well. I like the ringtones selection.
I just started using it but, I haven't noticed any problems. It seems to work well. No Complaints as of yet, but i will let you know if there is.
First off you should know that this phone only charges .25 minutes per text received and send which is 50% of the regular Net10 phones and the main reason of my purchase, that being said...Important info you should know about this phone.Features: 1.3Mega Pixel camera, Long battery life, Quarty KeyboardMy impressions: Keys are small but easy to type on, this phone does not support T9 word and calling numbers is slightly more annoying since the keys are smaller then most are used to. I can't comment on the browser features since for some reason the phone is roaming in the Wyoming area where I am located and it says data restriction 36 but from videos the browser is nothing special.It is also worth mentioning that you can record your own ringtones and transfer audio and images back and forth from your computer via a data cable or blue tooth adapter. Picture quality is better then my old 1.3MP camera which was a scoop but it's still nothing amazing, I'm sure everyone has seen what most cell phone pictures are like, and this phone is no exception, but still it is nice to have the feature.Also you can lock the keypad by pressing and holding the spacebar down.Features aren't great but you can get around 300 minutes or about 1200 text for 20$ per month on this phone which is very cheap for those of us who don't talk much.
received phone early..fast delivery...nice phone..even though its an older model stores still carry this model..kmart sells it for $99 .. i will be buying another for myself..this one was for my son..thanks amazon
Good "slightly more than just basic" phone. Has good ringer volume, call quality and signal strength. Works off verizon as it is a CDMA. I don't take pics but this phone has a pretty decent camera. The mp3 player is above average sound quality. 3.5 headphone jack. Easy to lock keyboard by pressing space bar. Only thing I would change is the keys are a bit small but you get used to them. All in all, if you don't want to pay 80 or 90 bucks for a "supposedly" better phone with these features, this is the phone for you. I like it a lot. Have 2 of them. One for straight talk and the other for net 10. One more thing, this phone has the most economical texting plan, it's only 0.25 min per text. Other phones it's 0.50. For me that was a big selling point.For your interest: it was hard for me to pair the samsung r355c by bluetooth to transfer contacts. First the passkey for bluetooth was 00000 then it switched to 11111. It was very fustrating to figure out so hope this avoids this for the next customer.
This Cell is perfect for everyday use! Has a BIG Screen on it & Works really Well! I would recomend this cell 2 anyone looking for something with a FULL KEYBOARD and decent Style at a low price!!
After looking at smart phones, and noting that the user manuals were typically 500 pp. (not, alas, an exaggeration), I realized that a phone of middling intelligence would suit me just fine. The price here was 50% - 60% less than on other sites. It arrived promptly, and does all that I ask it to do: call, text, and function as my alarm clock. It does have Internet connectivity, but it's so slow, it's like time-travel back to the 1990s. I knew that going in, however. If you need to be able to update your twitter and/or Facebook frequently from your phone, keep on looking. If you just want a, you know, a *phone*, this is smart enough.
After recently becoming one of America's newest smartphone customers, I was going to pass my pristine Samsung A797 Flight Red At&t Qwerty Keyboard Touch Screen 3g Gps Cell Phone to my youngest daughter until I saw this phone listed on Amazon.com.First off, the deal is crazy. Less than 25 dollars for this phone!Secondly, I like Net10, because you can switch their calling plans hassle-free! I can easily tailor my daughter's plan to her actual cell phone usage!Add a cute "blinged-out" phone case Samsung R355c Blue Circle Silver Jewel Bling Dazzle Diamonds Protector Straight Talk Net 10 HardCase Cover Skin NET 10 Straight Talk and a phone charm, and she is in business!Did I mention the insane price, and that the phone arrived BRAND NEW, unopened, still in the box?It doesn't support Opera, but I was able to bookmark Google Mobile, which automatically gives her Google Maps (of course, she isn't going to need that yet, but it's nice to have, LOL).The phone also has a surprisingly decent mp3 player (you can upload music to it using a data cable), camera (no video, but your pics can be customized!), expandable memory and a standard 3.5mm headphone jack! You cannot watch YouTube videos, but you can use your mp3's for ringtones, something that too many contract (read: expensive) phones still won't allow you to do! The calls themselves come in clear. So far, we've had no problems with reception (everything works where we live, so we're probably not going to have too many issues with dropped calls).Best of all, my daughter LOVES her new phone.Thank you SO MUCH for providing this item for Amazon customers at such a great price!**UPDATE**Just a little tip....it costs 3.5 minutes to send an MMS, so if possible, link your device via Bluetooth and send MMS that way.
I've had this phone for about a month now and it's become very helpful.I only use it for job/quick calls, I'm not much of a talker so I needed a prepaid phone.I bought a 200min card from NET10 the same day I got it and after a month, i still have 100+ min left. Buying this phone was definitely the right choice because it was cheap and I don't need a plan.It's a very light and has common cellphone features. The thing that I dislike, is that if you don't lock it, the browser button might get dialed by accident and then your minutes will just go. Happened to me twice but I quickly realized...i lost like 10min.It has a nice design and the camera is ok. This cellphone is nothing fancy but it does the job.The keypad buttons are kinda small but my hands are small so it's ok.Since I usually have the screen turned off, the battery lasts a lot of time. I never let it past 2 bars(out of 5) so I don't know how long it truly lasts. (I only remember charging it twice, when 3 bars left, ever since i got it a month ago)
In an effort to better control monthly expenses, I switched to this net 10 phone. I have had two android based phones (2.2 and 2.3) and a couple of blackberries. This phone had great battery life and very good reception. It is very light and has a type of plastic on the sides that will prevent it from easily slipping out of your hand. The MP3 player is nice, but I haven't found any equalizer settings...the sound is still good though. It isn't a smart phone, but is is a great little text phone. The browser works for basic things, like a quick email check. The camera is fine for quick snap shots and seems to do pretty well in average indoor lighting. If you live in a CDMA area with limited GSM service like I do, and you want to go the Net10 route, this is a good phone, especially for the price! There is a newer version of this phone available for Straight Talk (R375c) that has better screen resolution and better web browser capabilities, but I haven't seen it available for Net10. For now, this phone is just fine.
I have been through two other phones with Net10 and this phone kept me with the service. The quality of the phone and the "Verizon" CDMA towers it uses in my area make it seem like I'm using contract phone service with Net10 prepay. Phone call quality is very clear and I have service in areas I didn't have with my previous Verizon Wireless contract phone.
I have had prepaid phones for a few years now. Does not make sense to have an expensive phone on a contract for two years and then throw away minutes and money I do not use each month. This way, I have a good quality phone with some of the most sophisticated technology available to use. If I lose it or it get dropped into water, not that much of a loss. I can get another phone from Net10 and have the number and minutes transferred. The phone has so many features and is very easy to use and understand.
The phone was new, shipped fast and was exaclty what I though it would be. I really love the phone and it has been working great for me.
I ordered this phone for Christmas because I wanted a camera phone that I could use with bluetooth and store music on.Texting on this is easy and that was a plus.The letters are small but I am far sighted so I have no problem with them.I am enjoying this purchase and like that I have a no contract phone with everything I want.Browsing the web is also an option but I'm not sure Ill use it.
Just received it and so far so good. My husband plans to use it mainlyfor phone calls when necessary. ( Imagine That ! )He is starting with a Net 10 $20.00 plan and with a phone thatsells for $9.99 with free shipping how can you go wrong?Phone calls have been great. Will update further when I have a chanceto play around with it!
Works well for me. I won't pay alot per month for all the bells and whistles. This phone will text, and get internet, and my plan is $25 a month. It is not a smart phone/android, but it does the job, and I am not paying $50-$100 per month for a toy.
This phone is a delight and affordable for the casual phone call and text. Easy to use, etc.Do not buy if you want web services.Highly recommend as a phone.
Like the phone, good size and I like the structure of the Querty Keyboard. It's a rather light phone so it doesn't take up too much space in your pocket. I like the USB MASS storage feature on it as we'll so it works as a flash drive.
Battery lasts for days, easy texting, buttons a little small but works for me. This is the best deal out there.
Can t beat price ! Verizon , Net 10 hook up on line simple and fast with out talking to someone
A little tiny for my taste but it works quite well. It has very good toneand is nice and clear. This is definetly a very good thing because I havefriends with very expensive cell phones that don't work as well as the Net10 does.
Ive owned this phone a little over a month now and for the most part do not regret buying it at current price, $9. However it Is not without A few aggravating features. The keyboard is small, as others have mentioned, so if you have large fingers it might not suit you. Also, there is now way of deactivating the browser that I am aware of and believe me I've looked for one. The browser is a one button push, and the only defense from doing this is to lock the keyboard by holding down the space button, which I forget to do sometimes. I just learned you can set the phone to lock the keyboard after a time of inactivity, in case you forget to lock it like I do.I was skeptical that this phone only charged you .25 minutes a text that another reviewer mentioned but sure enough it does, although I just noticed it also charges you 1 minute a call whether the person you are calling answers or not, which to the best of my knowledge doesn't happen with other net 10 phones.The mp3 player is a nice feature and can use up to 16 GB of ...which is quite a lot of music.Can't comment too much about the camera save for the fact you cannot zoom in after you snap a photo.Speaker is on par with other cheap phones.I would suggest this phone to anyone who has small fingers that likes to text, additionally they have a very similar phone at Kroger grocery store at the moment if you want to get an idea of the keyboard size. It is a Samsung with slightly different Model numbers. ThE 355c has a very slightly smaller keyboard than the one at Kroger.
This is an easy to use phone has great features like texting and sending pictures uses too many minutes to use to log onto internet
This phone is great! I just need a phone, I don't want to surf the web or use it as a PDA. I just need a phone! This one has reception where none of the others in the past ever did!
Bought for my son to replace his old flip phone. Very inexpensive while providing him with a full keyboard making texting a little easier.
I like these phones they are a great buy if you just want a phone to talk and text this is the one that is all I use them for so it is very economical.
This is a great cheap Net10 phone. I lost my regular phone and needed something to get me by temporarily and this phone has been great so far. It is by no means anything like a smartphone but for basic calling and texting it is great.For anyone that may be confused you do not need to buy a sim card for this phone. It doesn't take one and you can activate it on Net10 without one.
Excellent phone. Plenty of features for the price. Went from a LG 620G prepaid to this and I am more than satisfied with my purchase. I recommend this phone for someone searching for an inexpensive phone with some pretty good features - bluetooth connectivity, qwerty keyboard (no more triple tapping), caller id, headphone port, micro sd slot, speakerphone and plenty more. Yet again an excellent phone for the price (currently $10).
Great phone for the price and for the basics!! Small keys not good for those with big fingers who text! Good emergency phone for Grammy that's what I got it for and it's suits her purposes!:)
I like this phone, it's more expensive looking than it really is. It does not feel like a cheap phone I feel like I have a black berry without the price of one. I am very happy with my purchase. Thanks Amazon!!!!!!!!!
This phone is worth the money! It provides you will all of the essentials you need in a phone! I highly recommend this phone for the budget conscious individuals!
a real good price for these phone`s i look one the website i don`t have the $$$$$$$ to get one straight through them and then i found this one i already order my wife one so i figure i would get one
i can't believe the quality of the phone for the price! it's almost unbelievable, but i'm very happy with it.
It looks like a Blackberry, but isn't a smart phone. It does not have the ability to use apps except for those limited few that come with it, but at least it looks more modern than other basic phones. The browser is slow, but you can get your email and Facebook in due time, so it's good in a pinch. Call quality is as good as the Verizon system this phone uses, so if Verizon is good in your area, this phone is as good as it gets for call quality. Test messaging is as good as any smart phone. It has an Mp3 player with playlists, and it will connect to any Bluetooth device to play music in your car or through a Bluetooth speaker. There is no Wi-Fi. I like the real keyboard as opposed to the touch keyboards of other phones. I like the real buttons as opposed to the touch screen, so for me, this works well for my needs. It won't satisfy those users who need the latest and greatest high speed internet while on the go.
If you want just talk n text on verizon consider this phone. Excellent reception, easy to use keyboard even for my large fingers. Phone has issues of staying silent when going in and out of vibrate mode. I had to reboot a couple times to get the texting sounds back but I don't use silent mode that much.I'd like to say a special thanks to the Shopcelldeals store. I had my phone for almost a month before I opened it. When I did, the battery enclosed inside the packaging was the wrong one! I have had dozens of prepaid phones over the years and never witnessed this before! The battery was about an 1/8 inch too wide. I contacted Shopcelldeals via Amazon and they sent out a correct battery right away, no questions asked. Thank you Shopcelldeals!
I've been using the Samsung r355c n10 phone for a little over 2 weeks and so far so great. Granted, it's not top quality but considering that it only costs $9.99, this phone is certainly worth the purchase, that is if you're looking for basic phone use (i.e. making phone calls, texting, as well as using the calendar, calculator, alarm etc.). However, if you want a phone that includes a fast internet connection, a camera that takes quality pictures, or video recording ability, you should look elsewhere. As for me, I'm happy with this phone so far and I'm also happy with Amazon. As usual Amazon delivered on time and the merchandise was in perfect condition. Thanks, Amazon :-DHere is what I've experienced & observed so far:BATTERY POWER: I tested the phone out a lot during the first few days. In other words, heavy usage. It took a little over 2 days before I had to recharge the battery. Then when I hardly used the phone (just a few short calls and several texting), the battery lasted for 5-6 days before I had to recharge. As of now, I'm happy with the battery. I just hope it'll stay this strong for a while.CALL RECEPTION: Solid reception. I can hear the person on the other end clearly and vice versa. With regard to dropped calls, I have not had one yet.CAMERA: Pictures aren't the best quality but they come out good enough. Unfortunately, there's no zoom which is a huge bummer for me since I'm a frequent user of the zoom feature. However, there are other features which make taking pictures fun, such as the series shot; mosaic shot; and my favorite, fun frames. For me that makes up a little for the quality of the pics.INTERNET ACCESS: This feature is ok for occasional use. However if you're looking for a phone mostly for internet browsing (if you internet daily for hours), you may want to look around and see what other choices are out there. As for this Samsung r355c phone, it's 10 cents a minute to internet; and be aware that the first minute will be deducted as soon as you press the browser key. The downloading of website pages is a bit slow to complete. I could not browse or navigate through any site until the downloading completely finished. I got 2 minutes deducted, once, for just visiting one page w/o hardly reading anything. If you do get this phone, this feature is not too bad if you have the time to wait for pages to download.KEYPAD:1). The key buttons are really small which worried me a bit because my fingers are medium sized and I keep my nails really short so I thought I'd have problems (i.e. pressing 2 keys at once or pressing the wrong keys). Surprisingly I've had no trouble typing. It's pretty easy.2). When not using the phone, it's best to lock the keypad down by holding down the space key for a few seconds. When the keypad is unlocked, it's easy to accidentally hit the browser key unknowingly and be charged for every minute the browser is on.3). Fyi the red "End pwr" key is the "home" key. I didn't know that until I read the instruction booklet a few days later. I kept pressing the "back" key a few times to get out of features like the camera mode, text messages, calendar, etc. just to get back to the home screen. Doh!SPEAKER: The clarity is excellent. MUCH clearer than my 2 laptops' speakers that's for sure.TEXT MSG: It was nice to find out it only costs 2 &1/2 cents (0.25 minutes) per text compared to the 10 cents (1.00 minute) I used to pay prior to switching to this phone. I also like that there's a character count which lets you know when you're about to hit the maximum (160 character per text). The one thing missing is the copy/cut/paste features. But it's a minor issue considering the price of this phone.TEXT PICTURE MSG: It cost 35 cents (3.50 minutes) to send & to receive a picture text message. I was a little bummed about that but oh well, it's still good.VIDEO RECORDER: there is none :-(I know I'm leaving out info about other features this phone offers, but hopefully what I already have written down will help some people decide whether or not this phone will suit their needs.
Bought the product to replace a prior phone that had a cracked screen. Set up was easy to transfer prior account thru Net 10 and the price for the phone was cheap. If your looking for an android phone you need look no farther.
Best ten dollars I have ever spent. Love net zero.No.problems with any part of this purchase. Good tech support. Thanks
Great phone nice and easy to use! Music, ringtones sound great! Battery life is good. Yes I got a brand new phone for 9.99, good deal.
You will never want to surf the web on this, but it has a really loud ring tone which I love because I keep it in my purse or the kitchen when I'm home. ***Keyboard is small, but ok for me. The C is for CDMA -Verizon service for me. That may depend on the zip code that you activate the phone in. This phone is small and actually takes half decent pix, though I would never use it for trying to do anything with them other that looking at them on the phone itself. I mainly use them for backgrounds on the phone. Call quality is great. I love the querty keyboard. I would never have a touch screen only keyboard. -That's just me. Bluetooth works great with my Mazda, I never have to touch the phone to make/receive calls.Tip, you have to keep it locked, which you can do manually by holding the space key or set autolock. Otherwise, the internet key can very easily get pressed and eat up your minutes. I would like a way to disable that key!
I lost my first one of these 2 days ago. I had it over a year.I researched other Net10 CDMA phones, as I prefer the Verizon network. I also have Net10 LG900g, which is GSM, on ATT. (That is also a good phone, by the way...but Verizon is better in our area).I ordered another one of the R355C, not only because of the price. The phone clarity was great, texting was easy for me, alarm clock worked fine, all the things I really needed it for. It has a good speakerphone.The camera is not that great, because there is no zoom, etc. No extra features. You can't even enlarge it at all when someone sends a pic message. Sometimes you have to ask them what it is a photo of. That is the state of this camera. (the LG900g has a nice camera).The browser, well, it's a browser. Not a smartphone. You definitely can check email and news, sports, whatever you want. It is slow, though, and not a computer experience. But it does work and you can indeed get your Internet fix if you have to.As a phone, as a texter, as an alarm clock, as a calculator, etc., it is wonderful. I was really sad to lose my first one and really happy to find another one here at this price.*** UPDATE **** The first one I received now was DOA. Not sure if battery or phone itself. Ordered a replacement for it, and now this one is shutting itself off after a few minutes. I need to return both. Should I try this model again? I don't know... I loved the one I lost...that is why I ordered another. So disappointing that these 2 replacements are not good.**** Second UPDATE **** The seller has graciously replaced this for me with a new one that works just great. Happy again.
A great phone at a great price! where else but amazon could you find a phone that has basic features as well as a mini keyboard at the price that it was offered for. It quality is great, and I haven't had any dropped calls since I've gotten this phone and with taking the net10 $25 prepaid card, 750 is more than enough for someone to use in 30 days, unless you get on the phone stay on forever. Keep up the great work Amazon. Amazon is Amazing!
I bought this phone for my seven year old. She loves it. It was perfect for here, the price was GREAT and it arrive on time!! great work!!
I LIKE IT ! It works well, however the keyboard is a little small and difficult to use. Other than that it's fine.
I have a work Iphone but need a personal phone. I had an old flip phone and would never use it. I thought the reception was really bad turns out it was just the phone. For the price its great, I only use it to talk and text though. Hooked up easily through my Blue Tooth also. Saw a similar phone in the store on "sale" for $29.00 Switching the phone over was easy as well.
Works fine great clarity when calling. Has limited features but the ones it has are very well done. Shouldhave a Smart Phone Version now.
I bought this for my bro for his birthday last year. He finally activated it and it works just fine.
I like this simple little phone for the amazing price, BUT it does have some flaws. Most importantly, I found it supremely annoying that it subtracted my minutes without actually sending a photo I tried to send. Also, without the snooze function, the alarm is almost useless, which is a shame. Other than that, works good
After several years in a cell phone contract that I really didnt need, I decided to go the prepaid route. I tried a few different services and found this one offered the best deal (I do the 750 minutes a month for $25 service- one of many Net10 provides) I have literally shaved 75% off my bill using this phone. The buttons make it easy to text and its super easy to add minutes at any time from the menu on the phone, buying them at the store, or even online. If you just need a basic phone to call in or out of, and text from- this is it. There is a camera, its not an especially great one but its there if you need it.
If you want a no nonsense kind of phone that works reliably and you don't have to charge it every single day, get this phone!
Need a cell phone in a pinch? This is a great phone for the money. I used it for three months and I gave it to my aunt and she is now using it. It is very affordable and works great.
I am really enjoying my new phone which I bought to replace my original Net 10 phone. It has all the features I was looking for!The only draw back is, I thought I would be able to have it unlocked and use it when I travel outside the country with a different SIM card. But Net 10 phones can't be unlocked so now I have to look for another phone that can be unlocked for travelling.
Best feature is:It only uses 1/2 minute per text, unlike my last phone that used a minute per text. It also has several nice features and the price is unheard of!!! Less than $10!!!
This is a great little phone for the price and it is used off of Verizon network., It is simple to use.
I am enjoying this phone, took me a long time to get one more updated. I can get on the internet now and take pictures. However, I do not see any "call waiting" with this phone and that is a disappointment. Other than that, it is a great phone for a great price!
I bought this phone so I could answer text messages from my kids, grandkids and brothers without taking 3 minutes to text 3 words. At first I was a little concerned about the small buttons but I got used to them very quickly. I get much better reception than my old phone. I don't have to stop in my tracks when I'm in the store and my wife calls me to add to our grocery list. It did take almost the full 72 hours for Net10 to transfer my old phone number and minutes, but it was well worth the wait.
works ok
Great phone for a great value. Who needs all the bells and whistles? This works perfect and even has a convenient keypad.
Brand new in the box. This is my third R355C. It is a long lasting phone that works better than the other phones (same cellular phone service) I have had. Says it is internet capable, but so slow it is worthless to me. Use my computer for internet so it suits me fine. Excellent phone for me. Use it for talk and text. Good photos... don't print well for me.
This is a cheap alternative to a smart phone. You get free months (2 I think) and (600 minutes) making this phone free. I like the keyboard for texts. The phone is extremely durable, and picks of cell signals well, even on top of pikes peak. The phone battery lasts several days. These phones do not like water, so make sure to keep it dry.
Product as described. Excellent seller. Would purchase from seller again.
bought this for my 7 yr old granddaughter , she loved it ! very nice ... very nice price too ... she was the only one in the family with no phone ... she said you know granny , i am 7 now , don't you think i should have a camera phone , i may need to call my parent's in an emergency or something , plus i can talk to all of my friends :) what's granny do ? order's it that night ! lol
This is my third Net10 phone. First two were AT&T phones, lots not to like about AT&T in southwest CT (IMHO), so I made sure this is Verizon, and it is! (G at the end of the name indicates AT&T, C means Verizon.)Most important functionality for me is good coverage (Verizon), good voice commands (reliable Bluetooth) and decent texting ability (not bad on this device).My first phone (Samsung T401G) was a slider, which really does beat the fakeBerry style phone for texting, but the phone had no voice dialing, so Bluetooth was not fully functional. Scratch that.My second phone was a Samsung R455G (AT&T). It looked much like this phone and was actually heftier, nicer casing, a kind of mini-track pad for moving the cursor. It looked more like the $40 I paid rather than this $10 phone. BUT, the Bluetooth was the weirdest I've ever encountered (I wrote a review on Amazon), and any time you hit the space bar when texting, you were equally likely to get a period. So you. Would get. Sentences. Like this. Scratch that.So, with the R355C I get Verizon connectivity, a NORMAL fully-functional Bluetooth, and the ability to text relatively easily. I actually find typing on the fakeBerry much easier than I would have thought. The worst is all the overlays (for punctuation and things like $ / etc.), which, if you have started losing your fine eyesight as I have, is murder, because it's very hard to see what's on each key. I suppose over the life of the phone I will get used to the most common things I use, but while the phone is new it's a bit of a drag. Not the phone's fault.Unlike some phones with exposed buttons (like the R455G), this phone does not lock itself every time it goes dark, which is a feature I actually like. You can easily lock it (hold the space bar) before putting it in your purse, but if it's sitting on your desk, it doesn't lock up every time it goes dormant, which is great if you're in the midst of a somewhat sporadic text exchange. Somewhat unusually, to unlock the phone you press a soft key and the space bar rather than the center or "ok" button, which seems the more common configuration.Haven't had it long enough to comment on battery life, but it seems better than the 455, which had terrible battery life.
Great for all my needs, lives up to my expectations. I am very happy with this product. Highly recommend you buy this.
Pros:1.) Cheap2.) Very user-friendly (I find Samung phones easy to use)3.) Keypad lock works! Not one pocket call yet!4.) Good battery life.Cons:1.) Poor sound quality2.) Do not suggest getting if you plan on using the internet.3.) Texts cost a full minute. With my Tracfone, they only cost 0.3 minute/text.4.) Every now and then I get a text and the alert does not make a sound even though my volume is turned on to high.
a very capable cell phone with enough bells and whistles to keep your teenage daughters from disowning you.No data;)
This phone worked great for my son untill he upgraded. GOOD SOUND/SIGNAL/BASIC PHONE FOR 9.99. Very satisfied with amazon service and prices.
First off you should know that this phone only charges .25 minutes per text received and send which is 50% of the regular Net10 phones and the main reason of my purchase, that being said...Important info you should know about this phone.Features: 1.3Mega Pixel camera, Long battery life, Quarty KeyboardMy impressions: Keys are small but easy to type on, this phone does not support T9 word and calling numbers is slightly more annoying since the keys are smaller then most are used to. I can't comment on the browser features since for some reason the phone is roaming in the Wyoming area where I am located and it says data restriction 36 but from videos the browser is nothing special.It is also worth mentioning that you can record your own ringtones and transfer audio and images back and forth from your computer via a data cable or blue tooth adapter. Picture quality is better then my old 1.3MP camera which was a scoop but it's still nothing amazing, I'm sure everyone has seen what most cell phone pictures are like, and this phone is no exception, but still it is nice to have the feature.Also you can lock the keypad by pressing and holding the spacebar down.Features aren't great but you can get around 300 minutes or about 1200 text for 20$ per month on this phone which is very cheap for those of us who don't talk much.
I like simple phones and this works - for $10 what can you expect!
Love net 10 phone. No contract,easy to text, and works in the middle of nowhere with no phone tower close by
This was my 3rd time purchasing this phone in the last few years.Crystal clear and easy to use.Very affordable and best of all.............only $25.00 a month!Great value!
This phone has such a long battery life, I only plug it in once a week or so, and even then it still has about half its charge. Call clarity is excellent. The only reasons I didn't give 5 stars is it drives me crazy how many keystrokes it takes to do anything, and the keys are so tiny, in some light they are very hard to read and know what you are pressing.
I have been using the SamSung R355C Net10 Unlimited for several years. I am still using my original phone after 4 years and have purchased several for friends who needed good reliable phones and they are still using theirs. I don't talk a lot so I use the 60 day unlimited carry over plan while several friends go for for the unlimited plans. Net 10 offers a variety of plans to suit most needs. The phone is reliable and Net10 on the Verizon network is reliable also with very good coverage. I recommended this phone to anyone who wants a basic phone with occasional data usage.
It came in the casing with all brand new look. Delivered on time and was just as expecting. Love the style of these phones - they are made well and very durable.
received phone early..fast delivery...nice phone..even though its an older model stores still carry this model..kmart sells it for $99 .. i will be buying another for myself..this one was for my son..thanks amazon
Good "slightly more than just basic" phone. Has good ringer volume, call quality and signal strength. Works off verizon as it is a CDMA. I don't take pics but this phone has a pretty decent camera. The mp3 player is above average sound quality. 3.5 headphone jack. Easy to lock keyboard by pressing space bar. Only thing I would change is the keys are a bit small but you get used to them. All in all, if you don't want to pay 80 or 90 bucks for a "supposedly" better phone with these features, this is the phone for you. I like it a lot. Have 2 of them. One for straight talk and the other for net 10. One more thing, this phone has the most economical texting plan, it's only 0.25 min per text. Other phones it's 0.50. For me that was a big selling point.For your interest: it was hard for me to pair the samsung r355c by bluetooth to transfer contacts. First the passkey for bluetooth was 00000 then it switched to 11111. It was very fustrating to figure out so hope this avoids this for the next customer.
This Cell is perfect for everyday use! Has a BIG Screen on it & Works really Well! I would recomend this cell 2 anyone looking for something with a FULL KEYBOARD and decent Style at a low price!!
After looking at smart phones, and noting that the user manuals were typically 500 pp. (not, alas, an exaggeration), I realized that a phone of middling intelligence would suit me just fine. The price here was 50% - 60% less than on other sites. It arrived promptly, and does all that I ask it to do: call, text, and function as my alarm clock. It does have Internet connectivity, but it's so slow, it's like time-travel back to the 1990s. I knew that going in, however. If you need to be able to update your twitter and/or Facebook frequently from your phone, keep on looking. If you just want a, you know, a *phone*, this is smart enough.
After recently becoming one of America's newest smartphone customers, I was going to pass my pristine Samsung A797 Flight Red At&t Qwerty Keyboard Touch Screen 3g Gps Cell Phone to my youngest daughter until I saw this phone listed on Amazon.com.First off, the deal is crazy. Less than 25 dollars for this phone!Secondly, I like Net10, because you can switch their calling plans hassle-free! I can easily tailor my daughter's plan to her actual cell phone usage!Add a cute "blinged-out" phone case Samsung R355c Blue Circle Silver Jewel Bling Dazzle Diamonds Protector Straight Talk Net 10 HardCase Cover Skin NET 10 Straight Talk and a phone charm, and she is in business!Did I mention the insane price, and that the phone arrived BRAND NEW, unopened, still in the box?It doesn't support Opera, but I was able to bookmark Google Mobile, which automatically gives her Google Maps (of course, she isn't going to need that yet, but it's nice to have, LOL).The phone also has a surprisingly decent mp3 player (you can upload music to it using a data cable), camera (no video, but your pics can be customized!), expandable memory and a standard 3.5mm headphone jack! You cannot watch YouTube videos, but you can use your mp3's for ringtones, something that too many contract (read: expensive) phones still won't allow you to do! The calls themselves come in clear. So far, we've had no problems with reception (everything works where we live, so we're probably not going to have too many issues with dropped calls).Best of all, my daughter LOVES her new phone.Thank you SO MUCH for providing this item for Amazon customers at such a great price!**UPDATE**Just a little tip....it costs 3.5 minutes to send an MMS, so if possible, link your device via Bluetooth and send MMS that way.
I've had this phone for about a month now and it's become very helpful.I only use it for job/quick calls, I'm not much of a talker so I needed a prepaid phone.I bought a 200min card from NET10 the same day I got it and after a month, i still have 100+ min left. Buying this phone was definitely the right choice because it was cheap and I don't need a plan.It's a very light and has common cellphone features. The thing that I dislike, is that if you don't lock it, the browser button might get dialed by accident and then your minutes will just go. Happened to me twice but I quickly realized...i lost like 10min.It has a nice design and the camera is ok. This cellphone is nothing fancy but it does the job.The keypad buttons are kinda small but my hands are small so it's ok.Since I usually have the screen turned off, the battery lasts a lot of time. I never let it past 2 bars(out of 5) so I don't know how long it truly lasts. (I only remember charging it twice, when 3 bars left, ever since i got it a month ago)
In an effort to better control monthly expenses, I switched to this net 10 phone. I have had two android based phones (2.2 and 2.3) and a couple of blackberries. This phone had great battery life and very good reception. It is very light and has a type of plastic on the sides that will prevent it from easily slipping out of your hand. The MP3 player is nice, but I haven't found any equalizer settings...the sound is still good though. It isn't a smart phone, but is is a great little text phone. The browser works for basic things, like a quick email check. The camera is fine for quick snap shots and seems to do pretty well in average indoor lighting. If you live in a CDMA area with limited GSM service like I do, and you want to go the Net10 route, this is a good phone, especially for the price! There is a newer version of this phone available for Straight Talk (R375c) that has better screen resolution and better web browser capabilities, but I haven't seen it available for Net10. For now, this phone is just fine.
I have been through two other phones with Net10 and this phone kept me with the service. The quality of the phone and the "Verizon" CDMA towers it uses in my area make it seem like I'm using contract phone service with Net10 prepay. Phone call quality is very clear and I have service in areas I didn't have with my previous Verizon Wireless contract phone.
I read all the good reviews on this phone and the price was right so I ordered it. This phone is a great basic phone and works well for what I need and it was only $10. Really like it.
Good reception everywhere. The sound is loud and clear. The buttons are a little small if you have big hands and it shuts off unexpectedly when using an SD card.
I have been with Net10 for 8 months now and I switched from a Bring Your Own Phone SIM card to this Samsung. My unlocked HP Pre 3 messed up and I saw this for only $9.99 FREE PRIME shipping. It was a steal.This phone is exactly what I needed. It has features many basic phones don't have nowadays. Things like a dedicated camera button, a cover for the USB charging port to avoid dust getting in and a standard headset jack. The menu is very basic, nothing out of the ordinary, easy to read. As far as the network goes, I did some research and after activating this phone I am certain the networks got switched from T-Mobile to Verizon Wireless coverage. This phone runs on Verizon's CDMA 1X network. Which is also a big plus for me because I have better signal and I'm saving $5 with Net10 over Verizon's Unlimited for basic phones plan. Very happy with my purchase. The only negative thing I would point out is the keyboard itself feels really cheap. It has good tactile feedback but you can definitely feel the cheapness of it. I don't really mind as long as I can text fast on it. Which I think is achievable once I get used to the keyboard. If this phone messes up I can always get a second one. At only $9.99 who wouldn't?
My phone from samsung, through amazon, has been more than satisfactory. It is much more convenient than my previous phone.
This is a great product! I like the size and shape of it very much. The screen provides nice visibility of text and pictures.
I bought two of these from Amazon. I am currently using one of them. This is a Solid phone when it comes to net10 pay as you go phones and I have had a number of net10 phones over the years. I have seen some reviews on other prepaid phones and see the compliants about the browser speed. This is not an Android phone, if it's speed you want, buy an android, if it's just a basic Talk and text phone, then this is the type of phone to buy. This phone is a CDMA phone, it doesn't have a SIM card in it. I have read in an online forum that this phone actually uses the Verizon Towers so the signal is carried by them. I have had no signal problems thus far with this phone no matter where I have been in my area, though there are different factors that can come into play when it comes to cellphone signal strengths and weakness's. The keyboard on this phone is easy to navigate, I do wish they had made the keys just a tiny bit larger but it is not a deal breaker as I have adapted to it and it's not an issue for me. There are several other functions with this phone, one of my Favorties is the Tip calculator, I'm admittedly lousy at math, it's handy to have! There is a Memo pad, another handy tool to have to write a note to save, Remember, a note...not a book. It has a calendar as well as a calculator, it also has a camera, again, this is a prepaid phone camera, don't expect over the top pictures, but they afre not bad at all...for this type of phone. The battery life on this phone is outstanding too. I highly reccomend this phone.
This phone works just fine for someone who just needs a phone. I got the 750 minute plan and I have loads of minutes to burn through, so I tried using the browser. It wasn't as slow as the other reviews led me to believe it would be. It worked ok, but it is a little clunky and difficult to navigate. I'll only use it in emergency situations. I haven't tried the 411 service yet, but I suspect that will be faster than using the internet. The sound and the ringer are both good. The keyboard works well for me, but the buttons are too small for my husband to use. The battery life is excellent. Good phone for the money.
I love this phone. It's easy to use. The only thing I do not like about it is it can easily go into the browser and burn away minutes if you aren't very very careful. But that's all I do not like about it.
I just wanted a basic phone, and this is it. Don't expect Internet access, Facebook, etc, with this thing.My friends mostly have phones costing 2-4 times this much per month (I use the $25/month 750 minute plan). But their phones don't work in buildings, elevators, on the subway, etc., and mine does. It seems that Net10 rents working wireless access from expensive companies and then sells it to us.I have purchased 3 of these phones. One was defective enough to return it, and a second one refuses to go into autolock mode, so I often find it browsing the net or writing its own text messages. To my knowledge it has never actually butt-dialed anyone. I can lock it by just holding down the spacebar, but I often forget. It has never managed to use up my minutes, anyway.A fourth Net10 phone also died before I started with these Samsungs. So why do I give them 5 stars? Because they are practically giving these phones away, and the per month charge is reasonable by US standards.The only reason I don't get yet another phone and dump my slightly defective one is that I'll have to type in about 300 digits to reprogram the new phone to take over my account.As far as usability, the phone is great. The keyboard is fine, even though the keys are tiny and I can barely see them without glasses, it is miles better than my previous 'cheap' phones, which cost much more than these. The menus are well organized, and I use the phone as my daily alarm as well. I like the ringtones selection.
I just started using it but, I haven't noticed any problems. It seems to work well. No Complaints as of yet, but i will let you know if there is.
I just love my Delve R800 touch screen cell phone. It has all the bells and whisles that any phone can have. And the cost was very affordable.
They were very helpful in Fixing my problem. Quick shipping, great communication. Everything it said it was and more.
Still using this phone a year later.. I've had zero issues with it except I butt dial people ...
as decsribed
A little beat up but it works!
Works great, just what we needed for her skill set. 👍🏻
just the right phone for my preteen!
A good solid phone.
Good Product
Very good battery
Excellent Product and prompt service! Thanks.
Seller didn't include booklet on how to use it. And the phone was supposed to be piano black but it came as blue. Plus the 'C' key does not work on the phone. A little disappointing. But great phone
I like this phone easy to use and programmed within minutestakes decent pictures, I would recommend for anyonepriced good
I am very pleased with my new phone. It arrived on 11/14/13 as promised and in perfect condition. Thank you. It's my first slide out key board and so easy to use. Yes, I highly recommend my Reality.
Inexpensive, easy to use, keypad is a tad bigger than some so super nice to type.Not sure I like the touch part but that's any touch phone. Miss the ease of the flip when talking cradled in my shoulder without hands.Didn't like that the headphones are different than the other phones we have. So now I need to buy one with a different adaptor. Also for some reason it won't find my bluetooth but maybe that's operator error. So far out in the middle of no where it seems to work as well as my LG which is a switch. Usually LG are the only ones I get this much service with.
Product is great, great texing talk wonderful picture messaging but no way to get the internet would explain its s simple phone but otherwise I'm keeping it its just not what I'm used to
Prompt delivery. Easy activation. Working as designed. Wife having a good time learning all the features. A nice little phone.
I like the phone, it's got a nice thin design.The color is pretty cool.The refurbished phone we purchased malfunctions slightly every now and then.I really like that the model has a "lock" button on the left side. I used to be famous for pocket-dialing, but with the lock button I don't have to worry about that!The phone is over-all good. I would not reccomend getting a refurbished one, however, unless you are a patient person.The customer service was excellent.The product arrived earlier than was expected.I would buy from them again.
This is a nice little basic phone. It has a touch screen and a pull out keyboard for texting. I have only had it a couple of weeks but it is fine so far. It is small enough to put in your purse or pocket. I don't want a smart phone and this phone is exactly what I need. It does have a $10/month data plan with my Verizon plan but the internet on this phone is almost useless. It like the internet on all phones over 10 years ago before there were any smart phones. The phone came from the seller in almost new condition and was ready to activate with Verizon.
Liked it so much already told several people about it. very happy with price and item, hopefully this item will be around a little bite later other people have asked where from. Told them Amazon naturally .
great item love this kind of phones
Quick shipping. Phone is great. Even had screen cover. Awesome service.
works great and received in time. great buy
Love this phone, it's one of the best feature phones out there. I was trying to replace the same phone but the replacement didn't work.
This phone is wonderful for a basic (non-smartphone). I like the touchscreen as well as the mechanical keyboard so it is not difficult to text. I also like the fact that you can personalize it, unlike verizon's new basic phones they are now offering. This phone came here speedily and is very ajustable to one's preferences.
We rate this cell phone as good to excellent. The audio and video qualities are very good for a phone in the under $100 range.
Mother and teenage daughter already have this type of phone and they work well and are easy to use, so we got a third unit for another child. It's only 3G but that's exactly what we wanted. This new unit works as well as the ones we already have (which are 3 years old now - btw). Great phone!
I bought this phone for my 13 year old daughter. She loves it. Came in perfect condition and quickly. She loves the touch screen and the slide out keypad. Great basic phone!
Phone was brand new and it works perfectly. Had the same phone before but it broke, but this replacement is just as great.
The phone came as described, brand new and still in the box. I was also very surprised at how fast it arrived. I think it was about 3-4 day. Verizon had no problem activating it onto my plan and there were no hidden fees at Verizon so that was nice.The battery that came with the phone was not a good one and they had no control over that. So I had to buy a new battery and when I told them that, they were more than willing to help cover that cost. The person who emailed me was very sorry about it and he was also very nice.I would recommend them to anyone and I will make future purchases with them.
I received this phone quick in the mail and seem to enjoy it so far. I noticed that in the pictures listed that there are removable hard cases to fit it yet I never received these extras. I did get all the chargers which is important. Overall good buy.
love this phone. last of its kind, did not change my old plan, it is not a smart phone but offers 3g, touch screen and keyboard, internet,has great speakers, etc... so much better than the newer phones offered. that are offering less capabilities.
Exactly what I needed. The keyboard is perfect for texting and the phone is very easy to use. Great for anyone not wanting a smart phone. Seller described perfectly and shipping was fast.
I ordered this phone from Cellular Direct. Shipping was prompt, phone was new, as advertised, so I am very happy with my purchase. The only thing I didn't like was that the phone came with a generic charger (not Samsung made). Other than that, It's a great Mother's Day gift for my mom!
I like this phone because it is similar to my Samsung Reality SCH-U370... (Which died a sudden death unexpectedly.) I did not want a data package and after numerous research, I almost ruled it out because everything said you had to have a data plan with this phone. But, one reviewer, helped me so much!!! He didn't want one either. Dealing with Verizon (which can be no pleasant thing...) can be challenging. But you can ask to have the data package dropped and a data block placed on the phone.Great phone...Highly Recommended!
I purchased this as a gift for a friend and he was thrilled to receive it. The phone, though used, was in excellent condition and my friend couldn't be happier! This Birthday gift was a home run!
I'm not into smartphones as I'm always near a computer and feel that data plans and such are a waste; I only use my phone for occasionally snapping a picture or two, calling, and texting mostly.This is my first phone with a touchscreen functionality so it was weird that I had no buttons to navigate. Now that I played around with it a bit, I find it so much fun to click and drag! I don't even have to give up the slide-out QWERTY.This phone WILL automatically add a $10/mo data plan to your phone. You CAN ask Verizon to cancel the data plan (and block it on your number if you wish) and still be able to use the phone like any basic phone.
I purchased this for my daughter.This phone is good if you don't want a data plan (thoughyou must go to Verizon to activate without a data plan).It's great for texting as it has a QWERTY keyboard.
This was my first phone I had bought off line. I was very worried that it wouldnt look new and it wouldnt work. But I trusted the seller and read all the reviews and I am very very happy. The phone arrived as described by the seller. Looks brand new and I even got a phone charger with it. Very happy and I will order again from this seller when I need a new phone. Thank you!
This is a great phone if you do a lot of texting but do not want intertnet access with the costof data plans. It is also a good price at Amazon.com
Got this phone for my daughter , she loves it, she is not a big fan of the full touch screens so this phone fit her perfect .
I received this phone earlier than anticipated. It has worked great as my port was damaged in my current phone and my upgrade date is very close. I am actually beginning to like it more than my original.
I don't use the new smartphones - so this works for me
I was trying to find a phone that did not require a data package. According to Verizon, this phone does require one. I had to cancel my order, but it was not the seller's fault.***UPDATE: This evening I have talked to three Verizon CSRs and received three different answers on the data plan issue. I am going to confirm tomorrow and update this review again with a definitive answer (that is in writing).*** LATEST UPDATE: I just had a conversation with Verizon concerning this phone. According to the CSR I spoke with, and confirmed by his supervisor, when you activate this phone, they will automatically add a $9.99 data plan that covers 75MB of data. However, you can request that the data plan be removed and that a data block be placed on the phone.The latest information satisfies my concerns and I have requested that the seller rescind my cancellation request and ship the phone. I will be back later after I activate the phone to let you know how my wife likes it. Stay tuned.
this phone i love its eazy to use i give it an A++ thank you for selling it to methank you again
this phone works great. much better than any other phone that i have had. works like it should haven't had any problems and i don't think i will
The phone came delivered as promised and with all the information on how to operate the phone and was completely satisfied with the packaging. Phone was in excellent shape and I would recommend to everyone needing a new phone to use this company.
I've only been using this phone for a few days but so far I'm really happy with my choice. Texting is easy and I love that it groups texts by name. This is a feature mostly seen with just the smart phones. As a another reviewer mentioned, this phone does NOT need a data plan, which is one of the reasons I bought it. I just needed a phone for calling and texting. Unfortunately Verizon doesn't offer much in the way of basic or multimedia phones so I had to buy this used. I would have gave this five stars but the phone sticks when I slide it open. I attribute this to the fact that it is used though in nearly new condition.
Just as described in the ad. My son is super pleased with it! Nice phone for a 14 yr old.
The phone was everything that my wife wanted andthat is what makes it perfect. It is one of a veryfew phones that will work on the new Ford Sync systemWITHOUT having to pay the phone carrier for a data pack.
Very HAPPY with the purchase of the Samsung Reality phone for my son. He had broken his 1st phone & he was not up for renewal for another couple of months, so we decided to purchase a used (not expensive) phone. Even though this phone was not brand new, it came to us in very good condition. He was very happy with it and we were happy too! I have always had great purchases through Amazon and will continue to buy items here. Thank you for the great experience.
Nice product and features. For a basic phone it performs as it should, and the slide-out keyboard is definitely a plus. Take note, however, some of the ads on this phone are less than clear. This is not a SmartPhone. But, for basic voice and texting works just fine.
PHONE IS GOOD
Was great for my 11 year old son.
seems a little on the chintzy side but is still working after owned by a 12 yo boy for six months
My phone arrived quickly, fully charged, and ready to go! So far I have had zero problems with it, and I am incredibly pleased with how it functions. This company know what's up in terms of great customer service/quality product! Very pleased!
arrived on time, good price, my son loves.
I am very pleased with the phone. It works great!
Between a 3.5 and 4. The lock/screen off button is in an awkward place. Arrived from seller a lot faster than was quoted which made my son happy
Had this sqame phone before. Great reception and easy to use. Phone fits our needs.Would recommend to others. Nice color
This phone was the exact one he wanted & he was glad when it came in green because that's his favorite color. Thank you.
I thought I was getting a Brightside phone, and when this came I was initially upset. The phone works great and I am getting used to it. The only thing I dont like is the additional ten dollar data charge that comes with it. I didnt want a data plan :( Thought it was a basic phone
I ordered a phone from here, because I needed a "new" phone since my old one died. The phone got to me a little later than the expected date, but that was because of the snow storms and awful weather (not their fault at all). The first phone I received didn't work. I emailed them about it, and they emailed me back shortly after. They sent me another phone (that works great), and a package to send back the other one that didn't work. Their customer service and response time is great. They were extremely helpful.
Purchased this as a replacement for my 13 year old after his previous one was dropped from the bleachers and the screen cracked. Its a good basic phone with touch screen and slide out key board as he requested but isn't a smart phone, so doesn't require a data plan. Came promptly and packaged well.
This is a nice little basic phone. It has a touch screen and a pull out keyboard for texting. I have only had it a couple of weeks but it is fine so far. It is small enough to put in your purse or pocket. I don't want a smart phone and this phone is exactly what I need. It does have a $10/month data plan with my Verizon plan but the internet on this phone is almost useless. It like the internet on all phones over 10 years ago before there were any smart phones. The phone came from the seller in almost new condition and was ready to activate with Verizon.
Liked it so much already told several people about it. very happy with price and item, hopefully this item will be around a little bite later other people have asked where from. Told them Amazon naturally .
great item love this kind of phones
Quick shipping. Phone is great. Even had screen cover. Awesome service.
works great and received in time. great buy
Product is great, great texing talk wonderful picture messaging but no way to get the internet would explain its s simple phone but otherwise I'm keeping it its just not what I'm used to
Prompt delivery. Easy activation. Working as designed. Wife having a good time learning all the features. A nice little phone.
I like the phone, it's got a nice thin design.The color is pretty cool.The refurbished phone we purchased malfunctions slightly every now and then.I really like that the model has a "lock" button on the left side. I used to be famous for pocket-dialing, but with the lock button I don't have to worry about that!The phone is over-all good. I would not reccomend getting a refurbished one, however, unless you are a patient person.The customer service was excellent.The product arrived earlier than was expected.I would buy from them again.
Nice little phone, no major scratches.
The phone arrived in great condition and was packaged well. Setup was very easy, called Verizon and only took about 10 min. Works great
ran it over with my lawn mower and still works perfectly fine. Get this now
The phone works perfectly, with no problems. The only reason for the 4 stars is a scratch on the screen, which I was told about before purchase. I would buy from this seller again.
I still use a dumbphone and this one has been great that is why I purchased another Realty to replace my old one that had the calibration go out on it.
It's working at the end
Love the phone. It works very well and no problems so far. battery last a LONG time. longer then my last phone which was a sanyo. The only thing i wish i could change is that the key board buttons are so small i am having a hard time texting without errors to delete cause i hit more then one key at a time. other then that its been a great fun phone. u can get the internet on it if u want , has camera, great size screen for such a little phone, has cute wildlife sounds for ringer etc if u choose to use them. like frogs , birds, crickets, etc :) im happy with it so far.
great deal!
This is a great replacement phone for my kids who like to tear up their nice things. It is cheap and works great for teaching youngsters to care for what they are given.
Great durable phone for cheap.
I love this phone and it's one of my favorite eco-friendly ones Sprint has to offer. However, they stopped selling it and I was disappointed when I needed a new one. I'm glad I was able to find this one and it came brand new in the box, with a charger and SD card! I would buy from them again!
Great product and super fast shipping. thanks!
Best phone ever.....my second one....beat my first one to a pulp....had it several years.....love the Samsung plan with Sprint that I refuse to change for a newer phone.....and this model works fine.
nice
Decent phone for a teen. This was a replacement phone for my daughter until she was due for her upgrade on our contract.
This phone works even better than the previous we received from Sprint! I plan to order another one to replace my daughters phone.
The phone was very well priced by the seller, and was delivered on time and in straight-from-the-factory shape. This is the second Replenish I've owned in the last 19 months. Replaced it because of a fair amount of banging around it took. While still deliberating on whether to stay with Sprint (the contract is up in December), I found it made the most sense for now to find a seller on Amazon, in to avoid a new contract when purchasing a new phone through mobile phone co. Again, good solid phone, good solid seller.
this phone is well worth the money. Good introduction to someone starting out with a touch screen. Does not require the additional $10. data coverage but does allot more then the basic phone..I own 3..
GREAT!
She likes it.
This is my second Samsung Rogue, I really love this phone that's why I keep buying another one.
Bought this phone from bsr cellular. They allowed me to swap out a phone I wasn't completely satisfied with for free. The phone does its job. I've also had an LG envy touch. I like the Envy touch just a little better. The main dissapointment is the use of a proprietary coard and lack of support for this device in bit pim. For those reasons I will switch back to the LG once this wears out.
Neat phone for a backup or spare.
Good!!!
For a basic phone, this is perfect. Doesn't require data, so the price is definitely right.
Had an issue with phone that Joe was quick to correct. Very nice to work with and would highly recommend.
In my opinion this phone was the last good non smartphone verizon offered so when mine broke I had to get another one. The only thing is the "refurbished" one that i have has a problem with "s" key on the keyboard.
This is an excellent basic phone+. Easy to use and many extra features not typically found on a phone in the price range.
My son really seems to like this. We searched high and low for the smartest dumb-phone we could find. He really liked this one so we picked it up. So far after about a month of use he's pretty happy with it. One of the things he really wanted was a great MP3 player. Unfortunately this isn't as good as my Kin for playing MP3s but it's serviceable. Unlike my Kin there are actually a few games on this phone so he likes that about it. I was surprised to see how many smartphone features had been incorporated into this phone. The ability to add shortcuts to the home screen is very smartphoneish and makes the phone easier to use. He wishes he could add the music player as a shortcut to the desktop or add specific albums to the desktop but the phone doesn't support it.He has had the phone lock up multiple times. It appears to happen a couple times a week at least. He often turns the phone off rather than just silencing it when he's in a place he shouldn't receive a call so the phone gets rebooted regularly. It's a bit surprising to me that it still crashes so often.You might wonder why I give it 4 stars despite these failings. It's really because it's one of the best dumbphones I've seen. Granted, compared to a Windows Phone, Android or iPhone this one doesn't even rate 2 stars but if you're trying to avoid the phone company's exorbitant monthly fees for the privilege of using a smartphone on their network then this is a good middle-ground. I like my Kin better than the Rogue (I'd give it 5 stars in the non-smartphone category) but my Windows Phone is FAR better than the Kin.
This was for our son and he loves it. He especially likes the touch screen along with the flip out keypad. We've only had it since Christmas but so far, so good. We did have trouble syncing his contacts. Haven't figured that one out yet.
i bought this phone as a gift and she seems to really like it except for the battery life which stinks
my daughter loves this phone and the keyboard. she insisted on getting this phone as a replacement for pantech garbage offered by verizon. it has stood up well over time and has not had any problems with screen or keyboard.
My wife wanted a phone that was a Swiss army knife, but didn't need a smart phone. After much research, I found the Rogue. This device has so many bells and whistles on it plus a slide-out keyboard. Beautiful interface, takes voice commands and easy to set up (comes with a wizard that holds your hand.)Got a case for it for protection and don't think it will require an extra battery. It seems to last a while.Not a heavy phone, but not light either. Feels like you're holding a phone, not a toy. I like it.Nice camera and a dedicated voice command (hard) button. Like the fact that the app dock can hide if you want it to. The four icons on the bottom of the display stay there, but the side dock that scrolls can disappear at a click.Very bright and colorful display - easy to see. Highly customizable. She loves it.
this is a great phone for those of you that are str8 on data plans, dnt need to be on the internet to the point u need access to it 24/7, and want a slick phone with touch screen. Ive read some bad reviews but this phone was great on my end. ordered it used and immediately ordered a brand new one upon recieving it so i can give the used one to my mother as she liked it as well. quick txt with the fast slide out qwerty, and very responsive touchscreen. the only negative i feel is its not micro usb, buti can get passed that easily. some may feel its quite bulky as well but not me,i like it, it feel like it will survive a couple of drops due to its size. hasnt dropped calls and through 14 hours of use lost 1 stick of battery out of 4(checking out features throughout the day, txting, taking several pics wiff my dog, but not str8 talk time). to sum it all up, great phone if youre not all hellbent on having the latest technology or needing internet all day everyday
There was a small ding on the screen and a scratch on the side, but besides that the phone looked great. The only problem i've had with it so far is the battery life. it isnt as good as my old new rogue but i guess i cant really complain since everything else is functioning well.
this phone works great, its easy to use and perfect for texting, naviagting the web, and is equipit with a great cmaera and lots of features. i would recomended
I buy this phone because i use to have the same before and is pretty good is like the seller say on the post i don't know why has bad reviews for me work perfectly fine come with the wall charger and plastic to protect the screen i haven't see any scratch is like new i'm very happy with my purchase, i didn't have any problem with the activation i call Verizon wireless and they help me that was easyi check everything on the settings and tools and is all good and best is,you don't need those high cost data plans from Verizon great phone buy one and enjoyed thank you Neo's phone store.
everywhere only wants to show u a smartphone, and all i want is a phone with a keyboard and no data. great purchase
We wanted a simple, reasonably priced phone that was easy to text on, this phone does all that and at a great price.
Used Samsung Rogue was in pretty good shape. The screen had a fleck of something (don't want to know what it was) that was easily cleaned off, so there's no excuse for it being sent out that way.I ordered it as a replacement for my old Rogue, which no longer had a functional touch screen. Touch screen on this one is fine... everything seems to work, except adjusting the sound volume for specific alerts...I decided to go ahead and take advantage of a good offer on a smartphone, but I'm keeping this as a user friendly phone for an elderly relative.
I have had this phone for 5 years now and it performs flawlessly. Best non smartphone I've ever had.
This is a good, reliable phone with just enough capability to be very useful but not so many bells & whistles that you're overwhelmed. I'm an older person who wanted a replacement for the Rogue my daughter got me, since I accidentally dropped it in the toilet-true story! I have become quite good at operating it. It's not a smartphone but I can get online if absolutely necessary. It doesn't tempt me to be on it doing everything all day and all night long. It doesn't enslave me!
I stressed waiting for this phone to arrive. It's replaced an updated model (the Samsung Reality), but so far I like this way better. There's a flash, so the pics are better, and texting is so easy. The condition of this phone is almost pristine, a great bonus!!
It was cheaper than buying a phone from Verizon and was a good pick for a pay as you go phone. And before I wanted a smart phone it was good because it was touch screen with a keyboard as well but still like the older phones.
Good reliable phone. Works as advertised. Nice to find a reliable phone that is not required to have a data plan.
I love the phone and it's probably one of the best phones you can get without a contract from Verizon. When I received the phone it was in great condition and was quite happy. Then I went to go charge the phone and it would not take a charge. I called the seller and they were helpful and sent me a new battery and charger. When I received the new battery and charger it was the wrong battery and charger. I called again and then after about a week I got a new battery and charger, (the right one), and I am very happy with this phone. Company was polite and courteous but it just took me 2 weeks before I could actually use it due to the bad battery. All in all I am very happy now.
Overall, I really like this phone! It's just that it's an older phone, so it's kinda out of date. The touchscreen is sorta hard to press at first, especially compared to modern smartphones. But after a while of use it's not bad! The thing I dislike the most about it is that it does not have T9word for the QWERTY board, which I like to use as an autocorrect, and it does not automatically capitalize "I" or other proper nouns/names. The keyboard on the touchscreen is in ABC form, not QWERTY form like on most touchscreens. But overall, I really like this phone and would recommend it to anyone who wants a touchscreen but isn't looking for a smartphone!
phone worked really welli love this kind of phone its easy to use i dont like the complicated phones
I wish I could give a better review as I bought this for my daughter. However there is a reason I buy cheap used basic phones because she goes through phones like they are socks! However while she had this phone, it seemed like a decent phone!
great phone
They don't make them like this anymore... and it's a shame. This is a great little phone. Love the full keyboard. Touch screen works well, but isn't too sensitive. I haven't hung up on anyone from the phone hitting my cheek.Great phone for talking and texting. I don't need the other fancy stuff. Just the basics and this phone is great. Sturdy phone. I don't feel I have to be overly careful holding it. Plus, if it does break, it's not hundreds of dollars to replace.The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because it says it's a Verizon phone. But actually looks like it is a phone that was made to work with Verizon. The Verizon logo is blacked out. Just not all info up front. Otherwise no issues and I got it set up on my Verizon account easily with a phone call to them.
my daughter loves it
this is a great phone for those of you that are str8 on data plans, dnt need to be on the internet to the point u need access to it 24/7, and want a slick phone with touch screen. Ive read some bad reviews but this phone was great on my end. ordered it used and immediately ordered a brand new one upon recieving it so i can give the used one to my mother as she liked it as well. quick txt with the fast slide out qwerty, and very responsive touchscreen. the only negative i feel is its not micro usb, buti can get passed that easily. some may feel its quite bulky as well but not me,i like it, it feel like it will survive a couple of drops due to its size. hasnt dropped calls and through 14 hours of use lost 1 stick of battery out of 4(checking out features throughout the day, txting, taking several pics wiff my dog, but not str8 talk time). to sum it all up, great phone if youre not all hellbent on having the latest technology or needing internet all day everyday
this phone works great, its easy to use and perfect for texting, naviagting the web, and is equipit with a great cmaera and lots of features. i would recomended
Had an issue with phone that Joe was quick to correct. Very nice to work with and would highly recommend.
In my opinion this phone was the last good non smartphone verizon offered so when mine broke I had to get another one. The only thing is the "refurbished" one that i have has a problem with "s" key on the keyboard.
This is an excellent basic phone+. Easy to use and many extra features not typically found on a phone in the price range.
My son really seems to like this. We searched high and low for the smartest dumb-phone we could find. He really liked this one so we picked it up. So far after about a month of use he's pretty happy with it. One of the things he really wanted was a great MP3 player. Unfortunately this isn't as good as my Kin for playing MP3s but it's serviceable. Unlike my Kin there are actually a few games on this phone so he likes that about it. I was surprised to see how many smartphone features had been incorporated into this phone. The ability to add shortcuts to the home screen is very smartphoneish and makes the phone easier to use. He wishes he could add the music player as a shortcut to the desktop or add specific albums to the desktop but the phone doesn't support it.He has had the phone lock up multiple times. It appears to happen a couple times a week at least. He often turns the phone off rather than just silencing it when he's in a place he shouldn't receive a call so the phone gets rebooted regularly. It's a bit surprising to me that it still crashes so often.You might wonder why I give it 4 stars despite these failings. It's really because it's one of the best dumbphones I've seen. Granted, compared to a Windows Phone, Android or iPhone this one doesn't even rate 2 stars but if you're trying to avoid the phone company's exorbitant monthly fees for the privilege of using a smartphone on their network then this is a good middle-ground. I like my Kin better than the Rogue (I'd give it 5 stars in the non-smartphone category) but my Windows Phone is FAR better than the Kin.
This was for our son and he loves it. He especially likes the touch screen along with the flip out keypad. We've only had it since Christmas but so far, so good. We did have trouble syncing his contacts. Haven't figured that one out yet.
i bought this phone as a gift and she seems to really like it except for the battery life which stinks
my daughter loves this phone and the keyboard. she insisted on getting this phone as a replacement for pantech garbage offered by verizon. it has stood up well over time and has not had any problems with screen or keyboard.
I LOVE THIS PHONE! for what it is, a feature phone. Get one on Amazon, if you can. I have had mine for more than 2 years, and it takes great pictures, zooms, and even captures motion. It is great for making and receiving calls, and even does a good job of surfing the internet and playing you tube videos. It is by no means a "smart phone", but for the $10 data plan on Verizon, it meets all my needs. Battery life is ok, but only good for about 2 days, or 1 day with heavy use. It is 10X better than the Samsung Reality which replaced it. I am stuck with Verizon in our area, and am waiting until they get a Samsung Windows 8 phone before I replace this. I liked it so much I have a second one to use just in case I don't want to pay for an expensive data plan.
Happy Customer! The Samsung rogue is a Nice size phone and user-friendly. Just as described. Would recommend to others. Shipped out real quick!
Phone works well, no complaints. It is nice to be able to buy these from amazon as Verizon only sells crappy basic phones now.I have also saved money as I no longer pay for the insurance every month, because I know I can just go on amazon and find a phone that is better, and costs only as much as the deductible.Texting is great, with no problems, and gets a massive work out as this is my 13 year olds phone. Camera works well.
Absolutely love this phone so far! I got it to replace my LG Cosmos Touch which had already been replaced 3 times in the 12 months i'd had it (warranty finally ran out). I had to activate the 75MB data ($9.95/mo), but it's totally worth it! Granted, the phone is 3 years out of style, but it works like a gem.The absolute ONLY reason why I am taking one star is because the browsing is rather confusing to figure out. And who knows, maybe that's just me.
Item was in the condition it was promoted to be in before purchase. This phone works great. I bought the phone to use with page plus before I found out that they dont recommend bringing a Verizon phone over that has never been setup on the verizon service because it will cause you not to be able to use some of the functions of the phone. I cannot use any of the apps on the phone due to this issue. Just a heads up to people moving to Page Plus.
I bought this phone from MobileSpree and it is awesome!! I have no complaints on the phone whatsoever it is exactly how I imagined :). Definitely would buy from MobileSpree again!!
its Just Solid,A Very good Remote.
Love my phone
It does what I want it to do. Yes I would buy again.
Working fine...just as advertised.
Hubby loves the " old flip phones". He very happy
Samsung Rugby 2 A847 Unlocked GSM Ruggedized...Best #1 for talking to person not even near to you.Best #1 for be much important person.Do everything but make coffee. Starbucks for most important leader like sir.
This phone was very well conditioned. Everything worked and would love to do more business with the seller. Very well pleased. Thanks a million!
A++
Used phone in great shape no problems. I use it for work so not much more to say about that. LOL
The phone has some dings and scratches but nothing major, for the price it was a great deal. Bought an extra battery for the phone but have not used it yet as the one in the phone works fine for now. I also bought a charger but one was include so I have not used that either. I liked the first Rugby until the hinges broke. At this price I might get another for when I go through this one. If you text frequently....find another phone, I don't so this is all I need.
Some functions are frustrating - but is typical of an older model phone. Already dropped it several times and it's going strong! We've dubbed it the "brick." Only drawback is sound during calls fades in and out. Have to keep turning the volume up and down depending on the phone call or voicemail I'm listening to. Like it for what I need it for though!
Love this thing. I can hang it around my neck while i am outside working, and don't have to fish for it when it rings. I just leave it right there while I talk, and the speaker phone is loud enough to hear above the tractor noise. I have already dropped it several times on the concrete garage floor, and it seems to like it. Have already recommended it to all my friends. My first thought when I got it was, man, this thing is bulky. No way! I love it like this. It is so easy to handle and to hang onto. My old one kept slipping around in my hands. Thanks, Karen's hubby, Ben
I buy this cell, because I have to use it for my job. I broke the one my job gave me, because it fell off my hand and it was open and I stood on it. I get crazy, because I have to pay $150 to my company for it. I decided to took a look in Amazon and there was it. I have that phone for 5 1/2 years and in one occasion it fell in a deep hole on the street full of water, and amazingly nothing happened to it. How many struggles that phone passed trough, but he never fails me, he always works even when it was broken, amazingly I kept using it to pass the order to my company, but for them, I have to give it back the way they gave it to me, not broken. And at this wonderful price, no way I,m going to pay $150 to my company. This is a very good quality phone, very very very resistant, believe me, it's not a touch one, blackberry or iphone, but I love this phone. Sadly I have to give it back if I quit someday.
Basically mint condition great phone my fiancée really enjoys it, he thinks that smart touch screen phones are to fragile so I'm glad this phone is durable and works great for him, also the seller was totally awesome, thanks!
This phone is sturdy, durable, and gets the job done. I have no complaints about the phone of the company. The service was on time and the phone is as described and a good value. If you need a sturdy phone, get a ruby.
Good!
Good
Received item on time and as described.
Very good phone.
stand by time isn't 75 hours. can not find signal of minute counter /om motorolla it is and work very convenient.
Good phone. The first one was outside in the rain and snow for 3 days and still worked, but did not survive a swim with the manatees in FL. :-) We were pleased to find the same phone for a good price!
I am very pleased with The Samsung Rugby 2. Very simple To use. However I do like to be able to look at a manual. It does not include a hardcopy manual with the phone. It took forever to download on my computer.
This phone has better reception than any cell phone I've had. Very rugged. Has survived many drops onto concrete floors with no problems. Moved simm chip from my old phone to this one and that's all there was to it.
I recently purchased the Samsung Rugby 2 flip phone and am very happy with it. I bought it after researching the phone online. I found that it is very durable, complies to military standards, is shock resistant, rain resistant, etc. I only use the phone for phone calls and texting. I did not need the features of a smart phone, nor do I like paying $75. or $100. a month for a cell phone. I have AT&T "Pay As You Go" plan which I have had for the last 5 years. I pay $25. every 3 months and have never run out of minutes, its basically 10 cents a minute. Think about it, $8.33 a month! If my minutes do run low, I can always add more minutes if I need in any increment I want, $10. $15. etc. and they do rollover.The best feature of the Samsung Rugby 2 phone is the call quality. Every review I read mentioned this and it is true, it never drops a call and the call quality is remarkable. Samsung has done a great job building a rugged phone. The phone costs $265.00 retail from AT&T without a contract. I was able to find it on Amazon, brand new, unlocked, for $125.00. A great deal! The only way to get it cheaper is buy it through AT&T with a 2 year contract for $99.00.
THE SAMSUNG RUGBY 2 OFFERED BY WIRELESS SOLUTIONS ARRIVED IN 1 OR 2 DAYS, AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. THE PRODUCT WAS NEW AND IN THE ORIGINAL SHIPPING CONTAINER. BIJAN FROM WIRELESS SOLUTIONS INDICATED ALL THEIR PRODUCTS WERE NEW, IF STATED AS SAME ON THE AMAZON PORTAL. THE PHONE HAS WORKED WITHOUT FLAWS THUS FAR. THE 3G CAPABILITIES PROVIDE RECEPTION IN AREAS WHERE SIGNAL QUALITY IS POOR. THE RUGBY 2 MILSPEC DESIGN ENSURES DURABILITY YET IN A LIGHT WEIGHT FORM FACTOR. FEATURE PACKED THE RUGBY 2 WHEN UTLIIZED ON NETWORKS THAT ALLOW SIM CARD EXCHANGES IS THE IDEAL WORLD PHONE SUITED FOR USE IN A GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS ENVIRONMENT. WE APPLAUDE WIRELESS SOLUTIONS FOR PROVIDING A PRODUCT WITH THESE CAPABILITIES.
I have had the phone for one day.And so far the phone has been easy to setup.(Once I got used to it) The manual that came with it is only tells you basic functions.Although I did find a full (pdf) manual online. After charging the battery to full charge.I left it on my desk over night only to wake up with the battery light flashing. Not really what I expected from a refurbished $120 phone. So I just bought another new battery for $16 hoping that fixes the problem.
My old phone broke and I needed a new one fast. The order arrived faster than expected and the item itself was much better than expected. This is a quality phone that will last!
I have had a Rugby A837 and to avoid a contract extension I reviewed the Rugby 2 and really wanted one and you help me find just what I wanted. Thanks for being a GREAT dealer.
I bought this for my husband. He loves it. He is disabled and has the use of only one arm. His hands are big and he is able to use the keypad easily. Did I mention that hes has had the phone for only a month and has dropped the phone on wood floor already and the phone has stood up. It was not in pieces. Great phone!!!!!
Fast shipping, great price. This is the best phone if you work around construction. I recommend to anyone that is consistently breaking phones.
I bought this phone because my phones tend to get broken and I wanted a sturdy device. So far it has survived both me and my toddler (no small accomplishment). My only problem with it is it seems to have a hard time notifying my when I am receiving a call (on average about 30-40 percent of the time). It's not a big deal for me as I just call back when I see I've missed a call and I don't rely on my phone for critical contacts.
I've had several friends use this phone on the job and they've all loved it. Recently I had a customer who wanted to trade their smartphone in for a 'regular phone that makes phone calls'. They also wanted one that could stand up to use. This was the first phone that came to mind. It was simple to transfer contacts to the phone from a Galaxy Nexus. The buttons are nice and large which is convenient for older people. The phone is rugged and can hold up to use! Great buy.
I am very pleased with my Samsung Rugby 2. The phone is rugged and texting is easy. Initially, I had a difficult time hearing the caller. I finally e-mailed the seller, Cellular Gallery Inc., and was very, very pleased with their customer service. They went the extra mile and called me at home to trouble-shoot the problem. As it turns out, there was a sticker thing underneath the protective plastic inside the phone that appeared to be part of the earpiece but actually needed popped out. This fixed my problem and I can hear perfectly on the phone now. Thank you to the rep (I did not see his name in our e-mail communications) at Cellular Gallery Inc. for your help and going the extra step by calling me at home and fixing the problem.
This is just the rugged phone that my wife needs. The instructions are not very people friendly but we will figure it out.
was brand new in the box, as advertised. However it was not unlocked. Had to call AT&T to get it unlocked. Worked fine after that
This phone can hold its charge for at least 3 days even with moderate usage, which is wonderful. This model is tied to AT&T service that you cannot delete even though it is unlocked for use with other GSM cellular carriers. For the basic necessities of calling and text messaging, this cell phone meets my requirements.
This only complaint is that the light shuts off on the key panel too soon. Sometimes the volume for the ear is sketchy, requiring you to put it on the outdoor setting but the speakerphone works great and does not distort. It was nice to find this unlocked phone for a decent price without having to change a carrier you are happy with in order to get the phone at a higher price anyway with ATT.
The phone actually works and drops very few calls, other phones were real trouble for my wife. This phone made to military specs is tough and reliable. Haven't been able to get email and pics due to Straight Talk issues, but as a phone would highly suggest you get it!
It is a hardy phone. Good for those who drop phones..So far no problems. I had an older model that lasted 2 or 3 years and loved it. Not the best for texting though.
Very reasonable price, I've had one for years can't kill it, I know down the road they will not be available so its a back-up work phone...Rich.
Although living on Guam I can't access all the features,I still like the simple things it can do and the large keys and the screen is easy to see.
Great phone but the volume could be better.Volume is fine on speaker. Ringer volume is great.So you won't miss a call because you didn't hear it ring
It is new,it only required my sim card.I put the sim card in and was good to go.IT like this phone,it's my second one.I relegated my old one to use as a back-up,since I ran over it with the car,( still works).
this is a great heavy duty phone. bought as a gift, person loves it we have bought 2 so far.
arrived as expected. Very good shape ,will replace old broken phone . OLd phone was going to cost over one hundred dollars to repair
Great phone, looks good and works great. No problems at all. The phone was shipped fast. My Pure Talk USA sim worked with no problems.
Works great, looks new. Received in time. Went to ATT to get them to transfer data/contacts. No problem. Couldn't beat the price.I used it to replace the exact phone bought new 4 years ago.
It it brand new fresh out the box and works perfectly and tough as bone!It has a better camera than the version I had i think.
nice phone with great signal. it is perfect for one who is doing construction work and you have loud volumn and it is very well design phone for older.
I use this for a test peice of eqipment when working on UMTS networks. So for what I use iy for it works, well. I've not used it for any other purpose.
I got it on time... it is an easy phone to used and that's what I want..I just need a phone..
My husband needed a rugged phone and he refuses a smartphone. This is his second one, so they are not completely indestructable. This phone is just better than the ones he has had in the past. It's simple to use and he can hear on it. Hope they don't stop making them, because I'm sure he'll need another one. Plus, I like the fact that I didn't have to commit to ATT for another two years! Just slipped in the SIM and it worked great!
very satisfied with this product shipping wasnt long no problems or complaintsthanks for this item my husband was surprised his had quit working
Tuff little phone. It has all of the features that a person will need. Music sounds great on it as well.
it works as it should, just wanted simple phone for father in law, he needed some thing simple to use
It looks just like a new phone. i am very pleased with my purchase I will definitely deal with them again.
Purchased for my husband. He kills all cellphones hopefully this one will do the job. His bad habit is dropping them, cracking the screens. This one seems very sturdy. He likes it so far. Delivery was prompt.
I needed a phone that was rugged and can hold up under humidity and cement floors. This is the phone I was looking for. This is a basic phone that will hold up when you need it.
Perfect experience. Great phone!
Yes everything great
Finally a phone that has lasted more than a couple months! Basic but of good quality.
Came with Rogers, the Canadian cell phone service. This caused some problems with data/group texts/image messages, but the people at AT&T were able to get it sorted out. Battery life is terrific. In order to check the time, you need to flip the phone partially open - it would've been nice to have the clock light up with a side key, but I suppose that might use more battery. Overall, good basic phone.
OK
Great for international use. Just swap out sim cards and go. Takes a beating and still looks great. Simple but that was expected. Call clarity is AMAZING. Battery life is tremendous.
awesome
This is a very good phone. It is very rugged and can withstand a lot of abuse. It also has great service.
Very satisfied! Quick shipping! This was a gift for my aging father. All he wants was a phone with large numbers that you can see, large keys, which they are & a speaker phone... Which is one button accessible. The phone is exactly what I was looking for. Very pleased.
It meets my expectations. I was looking for an easy to use for mainly for short calls on a prepaid phone.
this is a great phone for senior, they can drop all they want and the phone is still working, in addition i put in my tmobile sim card and it works great
the phone itself looked great. my problem was with the battery which did not charge the phone, because the battery was old, worn, used. the writing was faded on it.
This phone was as good as original from AT&T for the short time he used it.......my husband dropped it in a bucket of water the second week he had it......
I bought this phone for my husband. He works in constrution type areas and needed something that took a beating. That it does and the call quality and reception are great. You can get on the intenet if you desire. It is 3 g capable. Great phone and yes I would recommend it to others.
this is the phone I expected to be, just like the one I used have, Samsung always has a great product
I was looking for a durable, t-mobile compatible, flip phone for my hard working hubby and this is PERFECT! It's made by AT&T, but since it's an unlocked phone and it takes the same sim card as t-mobile...I just stuck his card in and it worked perfectly. It's large enough for his big hands and has big buttons. The sound, reception, and features are GREAT! It doesn't have a lot of "bells and whistles", but that isn't what we were looking for. This one seems to be built to last and that is perfect for us! SO pleased!
If you want a great phone simple to use not a smart phone . It works great for me!!! Big easy to read numbers too!!!
PHONE IS GREAT HAS GOOD RECEPTION AND FUNCTIONS WELL..I HAD ALREADY LOOKED AT THIS PHONE AND AM PLEASED.QUICK DELIVERY AND I LIKE PHONE
This product is quite durable and can survive most falls. I bought this phone for my dad who works in construction. So far so good.
I really like this phone. It works well very good reception and has great battery life. it is also the most rugged phone I have owned. It was used and really beat up looking when I got it but also really cheap. I however did super glue the PTT and the silly speaker buttons. I also live in a area of high crime and less than a mile from my home a young man was killed this year for his smartphone....No one would bother to steal this beat up cheap looking phone! For me a cell phone is a tool and not a social status item so this is the perfect phone for me!
It's okay with me works finewashed it couple of times with water and works finebattery is very goodBut it's not very well protected as I was expecting or I they said on their ad
Old phone, but super dependable. When a lot of the guy's smart phones are dying in the field due to work site crud, this one still works very well. Holds up pretty well, and call quality/volume are great!
Great Product
Nice phone
Phone works great and it sounds good when I receive a call.
good phone
This is the phone my husband uses because he's so rough on phones. He broke the screen of his smart phone, this phone is protected and tough.
Ok I know I'm an old man, and behind the times when it comes to technology,but all I require from a phone it durability and being able to hear it. I have been extremely rough on phones I had phones repair men open my phones and sawdust fall out. I drop them allot sometimes in water often on concrete this phone has lasted so long that I can not remember when i purchased it grated it ain't pretty all the paints wore off it keeps on ticking, So for some one that can remember a black rotary phone and appreciates how durable they were, this is the phone for you
still works but the lid is weak talks great
great deal. thanks!
This is a fantastic unlocked rugged GSM all world phone! Phone is Not for Stroking.. just phone and txt and camera and considerable battery life (more than a week for me) optional field exchangeable battery(pop out and pop backup battery in). .Excellent speaker with very effective noise canceling circuit.. Get the optional click in belt mounted holster..
Solid, rugged phone bought for my technologically-challenged, elderly father. It's just what he wanted and needed; a solid, rugged, easy to use cell phone.
thanks
I received the cell phone in good time and it looked like new the only con is that it was meant to be used on an AT&T plan and a lot of feature would not work if you don't have that plan.
It's a good phone. Sound is good. Ringer is loud. A flip phone works well for my husband. It looks like it's pretty sturdy!
Love everything about the phone, definitely suits my needs. Just need to make and receive calls. Also love the rugged look, looks like it could handle a lot.
great gift for dad on Father's Day. Its very durable and i'm satisfied with the quality. Thank you!!!! !!!! !
I had another phone which did not work properly, but now with this phone I can answer my phone and not miss a call.
Purchased this phone the first time with charging issues. Spoke to an Amazon customer rep. who made it so easy to return the phone, receive my refund and repurchase a second phone. The second phone worked great! I'm assuming it might have been a defect on that particular phone since the second one had no issues with holding a charge. Love, love, LOVE Amazon's customer service/support team and most definitely purchase from this buyer again!
love it
Great phone, exactly what my husband was looking for, a rugged phone that will take a lot of abuse.
Great item, seller was very helpful through the whole process.
love the simplicity and ruggedness
Awesome phone. Purchased it for my elderly mother who loves its sound volume, ability to withstand drops, the big buttons and the ability to put a lanyard on to wear around her neck when she is working in the garden.But this phone has been around and chances are that you already have had one and know all about it.My intention with this review is to warn any buyers away from the seller MAC TECH.And the only reason I am using this part of the site is because I got screwed by them (misrepresentation of 2 phones sold to me) and my negative seller feedbacks have somehow been completely erased. And, in the two days that I have been following that seller, I have noticed 2 other negative feedbacks gone from their ratings.It seems that I can no longer trust Amazon's rating system...
great backup phone. sturdy.
Love the phone but don't buy from Avianna, LLC.
Works great. Husband is happy with this as his new phone
I love this phone. It's not too big or too small, it's just right. It has the potential to do stuff like video calls and internet or it can just be a good phone.
Very good phone .
I purchased this for my dad, he is not into smart phones, this phone works great its nice and rugged.
Fine basic phone for beginners.
Satisfied
This is a fantastic phone, more volume than any phone I have ever scene. When you dial a number it is displayed very large on the screen so old farts like me can see it. I had a smart phone hated it. Give me one of these any day'
Good Phone for younger users. Bought this phone for my father to replace his broken flip. I myself like the ruggedness and features but for an 87 year old man it's a little tough to explain the features. Instruction Manual on line only. I would buy for myself as a backup to my smart phone. By the way he just misplaced this one.
thank you
Arrived quickly product as described Good rugged basic phone
great phone the person have two phone and this is the one she use only
The phone came boxed as promised by seller and in good working order. It looks like new; the only missing part is the cover over the side charging jack which are pretty fragile anyway. We are very pleased with this phone; it's a great replacement for the similar one that no longer works. It's easy to hold, has good sound qualities, and others say they can hear us clearly as well. Pares effortlessly with our bluetooth devices. We certainly would recommend this phone highly.
THIS IS A GOOD PHONE,IF UNLOCKED WORK ALL OVER THE WORD.BETTRY STAY LONGER,EASY TO USE.STYDY AND DURABLE.VERY WELLBUILT.
My husband loves this phone. His old one lasted about 2 years and he is fairly rough with them. This refurb acts just like the brand new.
Best phone
Works great! This is my second one (I call it my dumb phone) It's rugged! I work in construction; an "I" phone wouldn't last a day in my pocket. However, do not forget, leave it in your jeans and wash and dry in your pocket. "Here me now believe me later".
I was somewhat happy with this phone -when I had it; no bells & whistles, but you knew it was a pretty tough little phone & it took pictures pretty good. Then it got stolen...I hope the slimy vermin choked on his own vomit.
great
I love this phone this is the third one that we purchased. I recommend this phone to any one who does construction work you can man handle it and it still work GREAT PHONE.
Great phone
love my dumb phone
This hard to find phone is amazing. I wish they still made these. I so appreciate the people that refurbish great products like this so that my husband can continue to enjoy a hardy flip phone. Super fast shipping and great condition.
Great Basic Phone.
I am a maintenance technician that implies that I am working in very dusty and wet environment. The phone meant to be used mostly at work. So that this was the best I could find in the case given. And the price was so sweet. Just 30 bucks. Almost like finding it on a street. That's all there is to it.
However I returned mine. Fully charged unit at about 8pm got up the next morning and phone had shut off and battery was dead, couldn't even turn it on until it was on charger for a few minutes. I think the phone is great I just got a bad one, or a bad battery. The PTT button is in a bad place and there is no way to turn if off with software, so I see that as the one bad feature.
This is a replacement phone for one bought about 6 months ago from AT&T. Hope this one last longer than six months.
I am on my third Samsung Rugby flip phone. The first two were unfortunate victims of washing machine suicides.I work in construction and this phone really holds up to the rough conditions it is exposed to. It's great for me because it is so compact and I like the flip phones because they fold up to protect the screen. Also it is MUCH cheaper to purchase the phones through Amazon than the ATT stores where I bought my first 2 and I didn't have to extend my contract with ATT. I'll probably get another for a back up in case of another washing machine incident. It seems flip phones are becoming a thing of the past and are increasingly hard to find
I got this phone to use on a basic no frills phone plan and it has worked out great. Seems very durable and contains many features not offered on more expensive phones.
This was a much appreciated gift for someone who wanted to stay with a flip phone instead of switching to a new touch screen type of phone. The speaker works very well and is loud even in the car. There has been some difficulty transferring the contacts from the old phone. All in all, it looks and feels sturdy and well made and was ready to make and receive calls as soon as the SIM card was installed.
this phone is the best for a flip phone and I was glad to find a replacement one for my friend
I've had this phone a month now, and it's everything I expected. I have a Company smart-phone, but I needed something a lot simpler to use as my personal phone. I do not text on it, nor do I have a data plan. I only use it as a phone - pure and simple. I'm a senior citizen and like the large keys and the large screen fonts it uses when phone numbers are being typed in. I've also managed to drop it onto a concrete sidewalk several times, and like the old Timex watches, it takes a licking and keeps on ticking. It's one tough little phone. I keep it in my back pocket or front shirt pocket, and it stays put without slipping out (its case seems to grip the fabric a lot better than my old hard-plastic Nokia phone). I chose the Rugby 2 over the Rugby 3, because the Rugby 2 is a lot smaller and lighter. The Rugby 3 is large and heavy, because it has a bigger battery in it. I'm not a teenage girl, so I don't need the extra hours worth of talk time that the Rugby 3 will give you. Since this phone is "unlocked", I simply removed my old SIM card from my broken AT&T Nokia phone and inserted it into my Rugby 2. Worked like a champ with no re-connection problems. One note before going: the User's Guide that comes in the box is the "condensed" version' be sure to download the full User's Guide from Samsung, or you will go crazy trying to figure our some of the phone's features. Would I recommend it to my (older) friends? You bet I would!
This is a wonderfull cell phone for my job as a manager in my ranch.Resistant to shocks,rain,l I'll recomend for people who works in the field.I lost mine ,and I ordered a new one
HAVE OWNED THIS FOR OVER 6 MONTHS NOW. WORKS GREAT, NO PROBLEMS, BUILT LIKE A TANK. WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONNE WHO NEEDS A PHONE FOR ROUGH SERVICE.
great like new
great price, works perfectly
I was a little apprehensive buying a used phone, but I was really surprised. The phone came with a charger and was in a Samsung box. I placed the battery and sim card in the phone and it works perfect. The phone looks like it's brand new. It was delivered earlier then the stated delivery date and I'm very happy with the phone, Thank You!
Work great. Unlock as advertised.
The phone seems to be made much better than the cheap flip phones you get from AT & T. I rated it a 5 because it just feels so sturdy, although turns out to have a Canadian server (or whatever the term is), and consequently we are unable to receive pictures on this phone. It's not a big deal for me, but it might be for a lot of people. I haven't even tried sending out photos on it, so I can't comment on that.
Just what my husband needed great phone
This phone is indestructible. If you only need a basic phone to be used mainly for phone calls, you can't beat this one.
Works like new. Thank you
great stuff
Good phone, good price!
Loved this phone - also works good over seas- no issues
The watch was as advertised. Almost pristine condition. Everything works. Came with a charger. Good price for the phone. Buy it!
good product as advertised
Phone arrived in good shape. Battery accepted charge and phone functioned as expected. These are rugged-ized phones used by the police and military.
I got this for my husband almost a year ago as he is terrible with cell phones! He drops them regularly, gets them wet, and breaks them far too often. This one has been beat to crap, but it is STILL WORKING! His eyesight isn't great & this displays large numbers on the screen so he can actually see it. Very happy! If he manages to kill it, I will be getting another!
Good
gracias muy bueno
Great product - great service
Great
It is what I expected: Strong, reliable, good looking and effective.
Got this as a replacement for my hubbies phone. Cannot get it to send and receive pictures :( but otherwise works like the other one.
Works well on my at&t sim card. Just slid sim card in, turned on phone and it went right to work. Phone was for my wife who 'just wanted a phone that was tough and easy to use' that she could wear on a lanyard. It fit her requirements very nicely and she is very pleased with it so far.
Excellent quality and Hugh savings
Its a great phone bought it for hubby. He really hard on phones so I hope this last at for a year or so.
great rugged phone i serve warrants and tear phones regulary but his one can take a beating and keeps ticking only issue was i had to buy a unlock code so it was not a true unlocked phone
good solid phone. good reception. good volume level. Would have liked it to look a bit nicer like the Verizon rugged phone...We ended up returning it (it was a gift and the person didn't like the "feel")
This phone was one hundred, and twenty dollars cheaper than the same one being sold at ATT locations. There is one drawback, however, which may prevent someone from actually purchasing this phone. The unlocked phone is apparently a Canadian import, or set up for internet service in Canada with Telus. You cannot alter the browsing profile on this particular phone, therefore there will be no way to be able to access the ATT mobile internet, otherwise, the phone works perfectly fine on the ATT calling network. If you don't care about being able to access the internet on your phone, this is definately the way to go, and will save you money in purchasing this model phone outright, rather than "upgrading". f
Had some shipping problems. But the seller was great with a quick response.I have had the ordinal rugby for over 3 years with no problems lots of Alaska abuse and the phone always worked great.the new rugby 2 seams to be working great and the voice command is a great feature.
very solid, very basic -- was feed up with my smart phone and went back to basic--works fine.and seems to be very rugged
I bought this for my dad. It was suppose to replace the one that was stolen from him. He actually told me that I ordered the wrong one but that didn't stop him from using it. I recommend this product and service to everyone.
I love this little phone it is all I need. I'm not into the smart phones and this rugged little phone is perfect for me.
My husband wanted a no frills flip phone that is sturdy and basically just used for phone calls and texts. He is very happy with the size, design and overall ease of using this phone. Our only complaint is that I wanted to download ringtones for identifying various callers easily, but even after calling the phone company, we could not log onto the web and I have been directed to take the phone to an AT&T store so they can see what the issue is. There is no official AT&T store close to where we live, so he is currently using the ringtones provided on the phone. I would have given this phone a 5 if all aspects of it were functioning. We just put his old SIM card in and it powered right up. Nice phone for anyone who still likes a flip phone with none of the bells and whistles!!
I bought this unlocked pdhone for my mom and she loves it now she can go to ant service carrier
It is as it has been advertised. It is a sturdy and very well built phone that is easy to use.
It works! I have not needed the water resistance yet but I know it is there if I need it.
Had this phone for a month. So far it is good no problems. With it everything came in the box, charger and battery. The shipping was a week. So overall I am happy and the price was good compared to a retail store. I thought it would be used but no, it was completely new from the box.
Rock solid and meet all the expectations. Worth for what I have paid for this. I bought this to get rid to any contractual extension and it worked flawless since almost over a year now
If you're looking for a rugged and well made phone then look no further than the Samsung Rugby. This phone was purchased after years of use and abuse of the first model. Very pleased with purchase.
Got it and there was not a scratch on it, everything is working so far! i will know more after Christmas when it is officially opened, but the little bit that i messed with it before wrapping it was great!
love this phone
Looked great for used product. Just as described. I am sending these out of country for older family members to use
Works great! Thank you so much
Everything A-OK.
Just what I wanted and arrived right on time.
I loved my Rugby 1 (that I had purchased so many years ago) that is still working. So I decided to retire it as my backup phone. So I decided to purchase this used Rugby 2 from this provider on Amazon. Great product. Just as it was described. This used Rugby 2 should last longer than most brand new phones that are being sold today. Also, this phone was sent to me the very same day that I purchased it, on a Friday, and it arrived to my home on Monday (standard delivery). Great product, great price, great delivery time.
Never had this phone hacked. Still works in inclimate weather.
Phone was exactly as described.
Got this for husband since he works outdoors and doesn't do techie stuff like data. Although this is data compatible. This is our second one, since he washed the first on with his clothes...that one worked excellently for 2 years. Rugged, functional, reliable phone.
phone sends and receives calls. did not test data. battery life and rate of charge and discharge inconsistent. charger worked but pin/port fit not very secure. purchased new battery and used my own charger(s) but no change. used as backup handset temporarily outdoors in inclement weather. service on att network excellent. have since purchased new smart handset.
I am satisfied withy purchase
Device came in great condition, the charger not to so much but very happy over all
I purchased this rugby phone because it's rugged and durable. I'm really happy with this phone and the customer service I received.
PHONE IS JUST WHAT I EXPECTED. WILL ORDER NEXT GENERATION SOON..
replaced one that i had broken, i love this phone.
Works like a brand new phone
THE PHONE WORKS WELL AND IS EASY TO USE. ACTUALLY HAS MORE FUNCTIONS THAN I NEED.THE PHONE IS COMPACT AND WITH THE BELT HOLDER IT'S NEVER IN THE WAY
This is the best phone i can find without needing all the fancy gimmicks. I want two things: A phone and the ability to text.People cry about the durability. It's a phone! Who cares, it's works fine and is probably tougher than the norm. If you're sensitive to volume and speaker and email performance, spend more and move on.I cant speak about range and performance. It works just fine in the city. I work construction and bought a "holster" for it. i see no reason i cannot get all i need for two years at least.At&t costumers should be happy w itUPDATE: 1/16/15At&T sucks, but this phone is still holding strong after drops and construction. I felt worth mentioning, you decide...
This one is tough and does the job. Love the external speaker feature which makes it possible to lay the phone down, talk and be heard well also. Really great for those of us who don't hear so well on the Apple Smart Phone. Great outdoors.
It's certainly as advertised - rugged, affordable, and has plenty of useful features. I dislike the exposed buttons along the outside edges of the phone, which are constantly triggered when handling the phone.
I ordered this phone for my husband. He works in a logging business and up until now was buying his phone at Wal-Mart. which ws fine but the phones were not lasting but about a year. I thought he would like something more durable so I ordered him this phone for Christmas and he has commented several times that he loves it thanks
I like this phone alot . You don't have to worry about it breaking if you drop it . The only down side is it is 3G capable but I tried my data plan on it and found data will not work on this phone but a great phone if you just call or text also works with consumer cellular system .
got it in two days, it was more than I had expected.looks new with warranty. nice job thanks Bill Smith
need the perfect phone to stand in a rough environment. This was the perfect phone in great condition. thank you
perfect phone for my hubby who has somehow managed to destroy every cell phone he gets! gave this to him for Christmas...and he loves it!
I really enjoy the phone and it was just as the owner said it would be.
Excellent phone, however I'm old school and have absolutely no use for a camera or the PTT. I bought the phone for the ruggedness, size and battery life. I've not been disappointed. Thanks to a tip from one of the previous reviewers I've solved the PTT problem.
it is very rugged just what i needed
its all good i love it thank you good job
This is a great phone that stands up to my boyfriend's abuse of electronic devices. He kept the last one for two years until it finally did not work, which is the longest he has ever had a phone, ever!
works great and saved me from having another 2 year contract with ATT
was brand new in the box, as advertised. However it was not unlocked. Had to call AT&T to get it unlocked. Worked fine after that
This phone can hold its charge for at least 3 days even with moderate usage, which is wonderful. This model is tied to AT&T service that you cannot delete even though it is unlocked for use with other GSM cellular carriers. For the basic necessities of calling and text messaging, this cell phone meets my requirements.
The phone actually works and drops very few calls, other phones were real trouble for my wife. This phone made to military specs is tough and reliable. Haven't been able to get email and pics due to Straight Talk issues, but as a phone would highly suggest you get it!
Very reasonable price, I've had one for years can't kill it, I know down the road they will not be available so its a back-up work phone...Rich.
Although living on Guam I can't access all the features,I still like the simple things it can do and the large keys and the screen is easy to see.
Great phone but the volume could be better.Volume is fine on speaker. Ringer volume is great.So you won't miss a call because you didn't hear it ring
I switched carriers and went from a CDMA Motorola Quantico 845 to a GSM Samsung Rugby 2. Both phones are designed to be heavy duty i.e.: a little water ok, dust and dirt ok, drops ok. The Samsung has matched up fine as a replacement. It has most of the same features as the Quantico 845. The Rugby 2 has bigger number keys, bigger screen, and clearer visibility of home screen icons like date, time, battery level, signal level and volume. I do carpet cleaning for a living and need a loud ring. So far it has been good but not as loud as the Quantico. There is a dedicated button on the top left side for "PTT" a built in feature "Push To Talk". It is a subscription based walkie-talkie like option. I have no interest in it and the button is far too sensitive to being pressed also because of the button location where I grab my phone out of my pocket it gets pressed often. That part is just an annoyance. The Rugby 2 has only a few ringtones installed.
Bought this phone and AT&T couldn't make it work. Said either the memory was flashed to another carrier or that the phone was defective. I'm sure this is a great phone model but this particular phone is now e-waste.
I bought this phone for my husband who is a landscaper and is very hard on phones. He usually drops them or they get so dirty. He is just rough on them.
Used phone in great shape no problems. I use it for work so not much more to say about that. LOL
The phone has some dings and scratches but nothing major, for the price it was a great deal. Bought an extra battery for the phone but have not used it yet as the one in the phone works fine for now. I also bought a charger but one was include so I have not used that either. I liked the first Rugby until the hinges broke. At this price I might get another for when I go through this one. If you text frequently....find another phone, I don't so this is all I need.
Some functions are frustrating - but is typical of an older model phone. Already dropped it several times and it's going strong! We've dubbed it the "brick." Only drawback is sound during calls fades in and out. Have to keep turning the volume up and down depending on the phone call or voicemail I'm listening to. Like it for what I need it for though!
Love this thing. I can hang it around my neck while i am outside working, and don't have to fish for it when it rings. I just leave it right there while I talk, and the speaker phone is loud enough to hear above the tractor noise. I have already dropped it several times on the concrete garage floor, and it seems to like it. Have already recommended it to all my friends. My first thought when I got it was, man, this thing is bulky. No way! I love it like this. It is so easy to handle and to hang onto. My old one kept slipping around in my hands. Thanks, Karen's hubby, Ben
Basically mint condition great phone my fiancée really enjoys it, he thinks that smart touch screen phones are to fragile so I'm glad this phone is durable and works great for him, also the seller was totally awesome, thanks!
This phone is sturdy, durable, and gets the job done. I have no complaints about the phone of the company. The service was on time and the phone is as described and a good value. If you need a sturdy phone, get a ruby.
Nice phone
Phone works great and it sounds good when I receive a call.
good phone
This is the phone my husband uses because he's so rough on phones. He broke the screen of his smart phone, this phone is protected and tough.
Fast shipping, great price. This is the best phone if you work around construction. I recommend to anyone that is consistently breaking phones.
I am very pleased with my Samsung Rugby 2. The phone is rugged and texting is easy. Initially, I had a difficult time hearing the caller. I finally e-mailed the seller, Cellular Gallery Inc., and was very, very pleased with their customer service. They went the extra mile and called me at home to trouble-shoot the problem. As it turns out, there was a sticker thing underneath the protective plastic inside the phone that appeared to be part of the earpiece but actually needed popped out. This fixed my problem and I can hear perfectly on the phone now. Thank you to the rep (I did not see his name in our e-mail communications) at Cellular Gallery Inc. for your help and going the extra step by calling me at home and fixing the problem.
This is just the rugged phone that my wife needs. The instructions are not very people friendly but we will figure it out.
It meets my expectations. I was looking for an easy to use for mainly for short calls on a prepaid phone.
this is a great phone for senior, they can drop all they want and the phone is still working, in addition i put in my tmobile sim card and it works great
This phone was as good as original from AT&T for the short time he used it.......my husband dropped it in a bucket of water the second week he had it......
Good!
Good
Received item on time and as described.
Very good phone.
stand by time isn't 75 hours. can not find signal of minute counter /om motorolla it is and work very convenient.
Perfect experience. Great phone!
Yes everything great
Finally a phone that has lasted more than a couple months! Basic but of good quality.
Came with Rogers, the Canadian cell phone service. This caused some problems with data/group texts/image messages, but the people at AT&T were able to get it sorted out. Battery life is terrific. In order to check the time, you need to flip the phone partially open - it would've been nice to have the clock light up with a side key, but I suppose that might use more battery. Overall, good basic phone.
OK
Great for international use. Just swap out sim cards and go. Takes a beating and still looks great. Simple but that was expected. Call clarity is AMAZING. Battery life is tremendous.
awesome
This phone has better reception than any cell phone I've had. Very rugged. Has survived many drops onto concrete floors with no problems. Moved simm chip from my old phone to this one and that's all there was to it.
I recently purchased the Samsung Rugby 2 flip phone and am very happy with it. I bought it after researching the phone online. I found that it is very durable, complies to military standards, is shock resistant, rain resistant, etc. I only use the phone for phone calls and texting. I did not need the features of a smart phone, nor do I like paying $75. or $100. a month for a cell phone. I have AT&T "Pay As You Go" plan which I have had for the last 5 years. I pay $25. every 3 months and have never run out of minutes, its basically 10 cents a minute. Think about it, $8.33 a month! If my minutes do run low, I can always add more minutes if I need in any increment I want, $10. $15. etc. and they do rollover.The best feature of the Samsung Rugby 2 phone is the call quality. Every review I read mentioned this and it is true, it never drops a call and the call quality is remarkable. Samsung has done a great job building a rugged phone. The phone costs $265.00 retail from AT&T without a contract. I was able to find it on Amazon, brand new, unlocked, for $125.00. A great deal! The only way to get it cheaper is buy it through AT&T with a 2 year contract for $99.00.
THE SAMSUNG RUGBY 2 OFFERED BY WIRELESS SOLUTIONS ARRIVED IN 1 OR 2 DAYS, AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. THE PRODUCT WAS NEW AND IN THE ORIGINAL SHIPPING CONTAINER. BIJAN FROM WIRELESS SOLUTIONS INDICATED ALL THEIR PRODUCTS WERE NEW, IF STATED AS SAME ON THE AMAZON PORTAL. THE PHONE HAS WORKED WITHOUT FLAWS THUS FAR. THE 3G CAPABILITIES PROVIDE RECEPTION IN AREAS WHERE SIGNAL QUALITY IS POOR. THE RUGBY 2 MILSPEC DESIGN ENSURES DURABILITY YET IN A LIGHT WEIGHT FORM FACTOR. FEATURE PACKED THE RUGBY 2 WHEN UTLIIZED ON NETWORKS THAT ALLOW SIM CARD EXCHANGES IS THE IDEAL WORLD PHONE SUITED FOR USE IN A GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS ENVIRONMENT. WE APPLAUDE WIRELESS SOLUTIONS FOR PROVIDING A PRODUCT WITH THESE CAPABILITIES.
I have had the phone for one day.And so far the phone has been easy to setup.(Once I got used to it) The manual that came with it is only tells you basic functions.Although I did find a full (pdf) manual online. After charging the battery to full charge.I left it on my desk over night only to wake up with the battery light flashing. Not really what I expected from a refurbished $120 phone. So I just bought another new battery for $16 hoping that fixes the problem.
My old phone broke and I needed a new one fast. The order arrived faster than expected and the item itself was much better than expected. This is a quality phone that will last!
I have had a Rugby A837 and to avoid a contract extension I reviewed the Rugby 2 and really wanted one and you help me find just what I wanted. Thanks for being a GREAT dealer.
this is a great heavy duty phone. bought as a gift, person loves it we have bought 2 so far.
arrived as expected. Very good shape ,will replace old broken phone . OLd phone was going to cost over one hundred dollars to repair
Great phone, looks good and works great. No problems at all. The phone was shipped fast. My Pure Talk USA sim worked with no problems.
Works great, looks new. Received in time. Went to ATT to get them to transfer data/contacts. No problem. Couldn't beat the price.I used it to replace the exact phone bought new 4 years ago.
this is the phone I expected to be, just like the one I used have, Samsung always has a great product
I was looking for a durable, t-mobile compatible, flip phone for my hard working hubby and this is PERFECT! It's made by AT&T, but since it's an unlocked phone and it takes the same sim card as t-mobile...I just stuck his card in and it worked perfectly. It's large enough for his big hands and has big buttons. The sound, reception, and features are GREAT! It doesn't have a lot of "bells and whistles", but that isn't what we were looking for. This one seems to be built to last and that is perfect for us! SO pleased!
This product is quite durable and can survive most falls. I bought this phone for my dad who works in construction. So far so good.
I really like this phone. It works well very good reception and has great battery life. it is also the most rugged phone I have owned. It was used and really beat up looking when I got it but also really cheap. I however did super glue the PTT and the silly speaker buttons. I also live in a area of high crime and less than a mile from my home a young man was killed this year for his smartphone....No one would bother to steal this beat up cheap looking phone! For me a cell phone is a tool and not a social status item so this is the perfect phone for me!
its loud , so I can hear it ring in a noisy environment. I hope it holds up over time, we'll see.
I got it on time... it is an easy phone to used and that's what I want..I just need a phone..
My husband needed a rugged phone and he refuses a smartphone. This is his second one, so they are not completely indestructable. This phone is just better than the ones he has had in the past. It's simple to use and he can hear on it. Hope they don't stop making them, because I'm sure he'll need another one. Plus, I like the fact that I didn't have to commit to ATT for another two years! Just slipped in the SIM and it worked great!
Tuff little phone. It has all of the features that a person will need. Music sounds great on it as well.
it works as it should, just wanted simple phone for father in law, he needed some thing simple to use
It looks just like a new phone. i am very pleased with my purchase I will definitely deal with them again.
I needed a phone that was rugged and can hold up under humidity and cement floors. This is the phone I was looking for. This is a basic phone that will hold up when you need it.
its Just Solid,A Very good Remote.
Love my phone
It does what I want it to do. Yes I would buy again.
Working fine...just as advertised.
Hubby loves the " old flip phones". He very happy
Samsung Rugby 2 A847 Unlocked GSM Ruggedized...Best #1 for talking to person not even near to you.Best #1 for be much important person.Do everything but make coffee. Starbucks for most important leader like sir.
This phone was very well conditioned. Everything worked and would love to do more business with the seller. Very well pleased. Thanks a million!
A++
phone works as expected
Second one that I have owned. Still love it.
Works great! I have no need for a "smart phone". This does everything I want a phone to do, and it takes pictures, too! I don't have to worry about it breaking if I should accidentally sit on it, or if I drop it. I hope this phone will be available well into the future.
This the second Rugby 3 that I have gotten. The battery last for awhile and just perfect type of dump flip phone for my father in law without the extra bells and whistles of a smartphone.
Bought this cell phone as a replacement for my elderly grandmother's older Samsung flip phone. I was pleased to see there were still flip phones available since there is no way she could handle a smart phone. This refurbished phone was half the price of the new one, looked brand new, and came with the charger. It's simple and you can customize the font size and number colors on the screen which makes it easy to see. Samsung hasn't changed the button layout that much so it was familiar to her. The sim card was the same from phone to phone using AT&T service. No bells and whistles here just a reliable phone for voice communication. It has been reliable and you can't ask for more. Very pleased with this purchase for 45 dollars with prime shipping.
Works great
Terrific, solid, durable flip phone for the Non-Smart phone user...great product.
3g AT&T phone. If using with another service provider, and/or as a talk/text only phone, the AT&T apps on the phone are useless and in the way. If that's OK, go for it. Phone works.
Looked great for used product. Just as described. I am sending these out of country for older family members to use
The phone was exactly what I wanted and needed. My last phone was the same one. I am one of the few people that doesn't need or WANT a "smart phone", which personally call them a"dumb phones"
Works fine, but it took a while because at first it would hand up as soon as it was answered because the voice mail was not set up. It should be set up when we received it because we missed many calls before we found the problem.
So far so good.Bought this as a gift for my mother to replace her Tundra model with.The volume for the phone ringer, hearing, and voice were all great, for her, as she does have issues with hearing..Swapped her Address Book into her SIM and then downloaded it into the Rugby III for her without any trouble in any of the set up.
read all of the "bad reviews", ordered the phone anyway. This phone is great, loud enough to hear easily, perfect size, easy to use, couldn't be more pleased. Also very good price and very fast shipping.
Works great
I use Consumer Cellular. Their flip phones left a lot to be desired. This Samsung model is great for voice and text, plus it has a very good camera, for a cellphone. But since this was an AT&T phone, it has lots of apps you can't even use on Consumer Cellular.
just what was wanted
My Hubby Loves This Phone !!!
Very, very pleased. Met all of my expectations,
Love the phone.
dos the job good for a back up phone
Met my expectations, but... Great for calls and speaker sound; but the great designation falls off with text as there are 3 letters on each key slowing you down like crazy. But the text feature works just fine. Had to get T-Mobile store to plug the A997 into the T-Mobile network so I could get online. They got me online but the screen is far too small for internet browsing, and the phone is not set up for easy, happy Internet usage. With this phone, forget the Internet. Love the sturdiness to save it from drops, and the water-proofing. Love the size and feel. Love the double speaker sound and volume. Love the fact that it is made to military specs for use in the field by soldiers. If you want this flip-phone, remember it works only with AT&T and T-Mobile as they both use transferable chips. The A997 was originally made for use with AT&T, and most A997s have the AT&T logo on them; but since T-Mobile uses a chip it also works there.
This is a brand new phone. No knock offs or refurbish here. Seller shipped it immediately and I was able to receive it prior to the original delivery date. Great phone! It's durable, rugged and waterproof. I'm a lady and still appreciate it. Thanks, Captain Fantastic!
Love it
Durable product.
love it
The used Samsung Rugby lll A997 GSM flip phone has functioned properly since I received it.
My husband love his phone.
Perfect. Exactly as described.
It has meet the expectations, that I wanted in a phone.
durable phone , takes good photos, works good
Wife loves it & she will have a hard time breaking this one.
signal not as strong as the Motorola version but easy to use.
Beautiful phone and an excellent buy. My need(s) are met with a solid flip phone to make and receiveoccasional calls. Previous phone was an LG flip and it was a buster. The Rugby III is tough (yes I have dropped it, etc).It does have several app features, but the best part is it will receive calls in areas with weak cell coverage (AT&T network).Communication is always strong and clear.
My husband LOVES his flip phone. We are still able to receive and send pictures although they are small. It is rugged and I have no issues to mention. The keys are clear and all features work well.
I am not cell phone savy so it took me a little time to figure out how to put contacts in and how to find then(not the phones fault ) now that I have used it its greatI would recommend this to anyoneThanks again
This phone is amazing I bought one for my mother, she isn't used to the touchscreen ones and she's always working around or doing something and knowing that her last phone broke this one has been with her for awhile and has survived many drops, in fact so many that my dad had me order him one too, and later on my uncle and aunt also.
GREAT LITTLE PHONE'!!!!!!!!
I only wanted a dependable rugged cell phone. For my purpose this phone meet my needs. Ron
It is working very well.
It was for my husband and he loves it
Love the phone.
dos the job good for a back up phone
Met my expectations, but... Great for calls and speaker sound; but the great designation falls off with text as there are 3 letters on each key slowing you down like crazy. But the text feature works just fine. Had to get T-Mobile store to plug the A997 into the T-Mobile network so I could get online. They got me online but the screen is far too small for internet browsing, and the phone is not set up for easy, happy Internet usage. With this phone, forget the Internet. Love the sturdiness to save it from drops, and the water-proofing. Love the size and feel. Love the double speaker sound and volume. Love the fact that it is made to military specs for use in the field by soldiers. If you want this flip-phone, remember it works only with AT&T and T-Mobile as they both use transferable chips. The A997 was originally made for use with AT&T, and most A997s have the AT&T logo on them; but since T-Mobile uses a chip it also works there.
Love it
Durable product.
love it
As advertised!
Finally received this phone after an Amazon Prime shipping fiasco (in fact,my Amazon account still reflects that I haven't received it). The phone is better than I expected. It feels fairly rugged and seems as if it could withstand a drop or two. The hinge is much more sturdy than other flip phones I've had. Texting on flip phones is usually a pain, but the majority of buttons on this one make it quite a bit less painless. Perhaps one of the best features is its battery. It holds a charge like no other phone I've ever had.After initially getting it, I put in my old sim and it started right up. It came with an almost fully charged battery. The box was also slightly damaged but didn't affect the phone. So somewhere in the back of my mind, I do wonder a little if this was used before, though it was sold as new.I don't use the web features or the PTT, so I can just speak to its basic phone qualities. The only two things I don't care for: one of the buttons is small enough that I often hit the "C" button and have to start over and I do not like the access piece to the charging port. Seems like that part won't last. It is by far my favorite flip phone. It is not pretty
GOOD BARGAIN!
Worked for a few years. Still works but needed another.
Super fast shipping and now i own the most easy to use and intuitive flip phone with awesome sound and great ringtone and bright screen and great speakerphone....just super super nice...i am flipping over this flip phone....my issue with apple i phones is that my fingers slide over some glass and it constantly makes errors...hard to hold them...they fall on the ground...too big...this flip is perfect...amazing.
Rugged Flip
Great phone. I purchase it for my mother (she only uses it for calls). The only con is that the center panel is quite sensible to touch, the rest is perfect.
I was very pleased with this phone and excellent service and shipped fast. No problems. Thank you so much
Work well. No problems. I did however need to replace the 2g sims card with one for 3g and ATT did that with no problems or charges.
Great phone. Extremely durable. Stands up to my boyfriend dropping it. This is his 2nd one. 1st one lasted 3 years, the only reason we had to replace it was because the back battery cover clip broke from him taking the battery in and out.His 1st was the Rugby 2. Obviously I purchased the product again after the original stood the test of time.
Worked great for the drivers.
Great, durable flip phone. Great phone reception and sound quality. This is my second Rugby and I still love it.
Bullet proof phone, no issues after 90 days of outdoor job-site usage.
Had a Rugby for years. After one too many temper fits had to replace. Tried Tundra and sent back after 3 days. Sturdy, clear sound, good for those not desiring a smart phone. Fits Easily in pocket.
My dad love it. Bluetooth, large keys, good signal reception. Good cellphone for people not used to smartphones. It seems very sturdy as well, it should last forever.
For you non smartphone types, this is an excellent 3G flip phone.It has case a locking rear battery compartment with a seal to keep outmoisture, dirt and dust.It has a good volume and many features that a smartphone has,of course with a much smaller screen. But if you want a phonethat can still fit in your front jean pockets, this is the way to go.
found the phone to be really good and has an amazing battery life. Would be great if they made the cell phone with Android OS and a bigger front screen.
My brother uses this phone and says that he can hear better with this phone when traveling in a vehicle than with his old phone.He likes the large letters and numbers on the screen. Greater readability for him. He hopes to have good reception while using this phone in a rural wooded area while deer hunting.
I thought there would be more carryover from the Samsung Convoy.I miss the flashlight.The owner's manual is 190 pages.
I received this phone yesterday. Even though it says it is used, it came in original packaging and the stickers were still on the back of the phone. The battery was fully charged when it arrived. Inside the package was a note from the seller asking me to contact them if I had any problems and they would be happy to make it right. I've bought a lot of stuff from Amazon and that was the first personal note from a seller. It was impressive. The phone is in excellent condition. It looks brand new. I don't use the internet on my phone so I cannot speak to that. I already had At&t as my carrier so I have no idea about the locked or unlocked state of the phone. I transferred my sim card and turned it on. Good to go. What I can say is that the phone I replaced was an original rugby that I have used for over five years. I never had any trouble with it until recently. The camera and the speaker were going bad. I checked At&t for a replacement phone. This phone was cheaper by far, plus I didn't have to renew my contract or pay a $36 fee to upgrade it. This phone has all the same features of the original, probably more I just haven't really looked, so it's easy for me to use, and the speaker is fantastic. It rings loud enough on the highest setting that even I with my not so perfect hearing can hear it from across the house. I can hear calls perfectly without having to put them on speaker phone. It is a rugby so I know that it can take a licking and keep on going. If you want a phone for talk and text that will last through the oopses of life, this is the best one on the market. I look forward to many years of service from my new phone. I will also recommend the seller to my friends.
Very happy with purchase. Phone was obviously brand new in original packging. It was purchased to replaced my husband's Samsung Rugby 2, which ended up in the washer and dryer in the pocket of his pants. (The Rugby can take alot, but the heat of the dryer definately fried the screens and connections). Purchase arrived within expected time period. We have ATT, and if purchased from them, the same phone would have cost $260.00. All we had to do was pop the old sim card in the new phone and we were in business! Thanks Amazon and Ross Cellular. Excellent purchase.
Literaly? No... But this is a great phone! I absolutely enjoyed my iPhone and having all kinds of information at my fingertips. What I did not enjoy is the extra cost for data every month. I switched to a simpler plan with a basic phone and am saving loads. But none of that has anything to do with the phone. The phone itself is great! I HAD an original Rugby when they came out and I loved it! So when I decided to switch from the iPhone there was only one logical choice; the Rugby III. This phone is extremely rugged, has a good enough display for me, good volume (on ringer, speaker phone, and headset), easy to carry, and they list goes on. Good stuff!
The phone we received is exactly what he wanted. Expected it to look used but it was absolutely perfect. Thanks sooooo much.
Excellent replacement phone for my mom. AT&T is no longer supporting 2G phones, so I had to upgrade my mom's phone. There are not a lot of phones out there for 82 year-old women who are unable and/or unwilling to grasp today's technology. This phone was a Godsend - almost exactly like her old phone, so her learning curve was slight. Yes, there is still a market for these types of phones, and kudos to Samsung for providing these options.
Great product. I got this as a used phone originally from on of the "alternate" buying sources. The phone delivered was great and all features worked except it was not unlocked. I returned the phone and the seller accepted the return and gave me great service sending the item back to them. Refund was fast and accurate. i ordered it again for the $89.99 price and it came fully unlocked. I have Net10 and had to buy a BYOP package which has all the SIM cards for various phones ($35) and the folks at Walmart put it in and got it activated in about 30 minutes. Phone works great and is so much nicer having my single point of contact in a more rugged and substantial package. The battery last for just about a week and that is with 4 alarms set to remind me to take my pills. I don't need a smart phone, but his phone has many features I will probably never use and has the exact features I want and need for my situation. At $200 a YRAR for phone service I'm pretty happy.
Great
Works very well.
Perfect
Shipped super quick. Works perfect. Thank you!
Met all expectations... Thank u!!!
samsung cell phone working fine, no trouble yet,
Had the first generation back in the day and switched to this after my third smartphone died on its own. This phone is indestructible, has no problems and works every time I need it.
the phone works well
This is a fantastic phone for those of us who prefer a phone to a mobile device.
I son loves this phone, it is easy to use and good for a guy who hates smart phones
Because this phone is really rugged, it is a little bulky but I love the phone. I have had no issues with it since I bought it several months ago.
My husband had a old Rugby phone, which he loved, but our boys talked him into getting a Smart phone. He tried it for 6 months and hated it. He couldn't get the hang of it, and the smart phone had little vibration. He is a builder, so he needed GREAT vibration, because there are always machines in the background and he has to FEEL it. He ordered this Rugby 3 and he loves it. Said it was a little different than his old original Rugby, but he is glad he is back to using what works for him!
bought for someone else.
Very nice phone. You don't often hear people say that they wish there were fewer features, but in this case I wish I could turn off some of the features because my elderly parent only needs a good sturdy phone with clear numbers and a good speaker and nothing else. Overall a good phone so far. Have had it for 3 weeks.
Lots of wear but works fine
best price I found for that cell phone. speedy delivery. very happy
I received my order sooner than promised. I got it because I wanted one that was the same as my original phone that had broken. For a used phone it was in excellent condition, it came with everything I needed and it seems to work better than my old phone did.
Does everything I'd want it to do. Wish it came with a user book.Still to new to try other things with it. Mainly purchased for a rugged phone.
Very good exdelent condition and meets all expectations I now have 3 of these and the only thig that may be better is the new version.
just what i wanted
I BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT - HE SAID HE LIKES IT - HAS A FARM NEEDED SOMETHING DURABLE.
so far I am enjoying this phone. It is heavier than any other flip phone that I have used. I do believe that it isa rugged phone. Make sure that you get their headset adaptor or you will not be able to use your headset.
my buddy ray had an accident and this phone went through his snow blower.it came out in parts, he put it back together,and it worked!
Great condition solid fit phone, unlocked as advertised. Delivered on time. Only 4 stars as we have only been using a few days so would like to make sure it works properly over a little time. If no problems after using will update to 5!
All was fine. No issues.
This phone was sold as used but clearly it is new . I am very pleased. I had lost my last one and replaced it with the exact same one. It came without a manual but I had the manual for the one I lost so it was OK for me.
It meets my needs. I haven't truly challenged its ruggedness yet, but so far it's been fine. I went back to a flip phone because I tired of the pocket dials and settings changes of my smart phone, whose "smart" features I replaced with a tablet. The PTT button on the Rugby may be placed well for a PTT user, but it is in the way for others and is often pushed accidentally. Should have a "disable" setting.
I chose this rating because its basically the same as the Rugby II. We had to get something that was familiar, as the user isn't into the smart phones so much.
Too heavy for the pocket. But the battery lasts forever!
thank you for still caring them.
Bought this phone unlocked. Unlocked doesn't mean free of AT&T software, unfortunately. Great phone, just wish I could reprogram the PTT and GPS buttons to do something else.
This phone seemed well built and nice, but it did not have a keypad lock, which is a deal breaker for me as a mom of 2 under 3 years old.Had to send it back.
One of the best phone u could ever get
It is very rugged and easy to use!
I was so excited to find my husband this flip phone. It works almost exactly like his original one. This one is a newer version, so he had a learning curve, but now he loves it. You just can't beat a Rugby phone when you work construction and can't afford to keep replacing smartphones !
Its good, just doesn't connect to bluetooth headphones
love this phone
I really like this phone a lot. It does all I need it to do and more and is a perfect size.
The phone is just what I need as I do not use it daily. My main purpose in having a cell phone is to carry it when I travel for safety reasons....
my husband only likes flip phones and he loves this phone.. thanks for a great phone. anyone looking for a flip phone this is it
My husband loves the phone. It's great for heavy duty wear and tear,
Good phone
great my husband really loves it
a simple , good phone
when I first got it it was unlocked as promised but whoever had the phone previously left the phone in such a state that I had to call AT&T 5 times to clear up the problem now it works great
A+
Very good, simple phone. Strong structure, hard to destroy, unlocked for Europe. Great job, Ross Cellular. Thank you, Ross Cellular!
I bought the phone because I can be rather clumsy at times. The phone has been abused at times. When the phone was drowned in water, it survived. When the phone was thrown to the tile ground at about 4ft by a baby, it survived with barely visible scratches. The buttons are rather large for a flip phone. The battery life is great.
Perfect phone for my mom.
I like the phone but not as much as I had liked my Motorola Tundra phone that fell into a cup of espresso and died.
Had one of the first Rugby phones and loved it. This one not as "beefy" but not as ugly either (no construction-zone yellow). It's definitely cat proof which is all I ask. The volume at highest setting was still weak... until I figured it out. Can't hear it? Just go into Settings, Sound Profile, and switch to "Outdoor" mode - voila - and leave it there. It's much louder. Downloading ringtones to PC for loading onto the Rugby required installation of Samsung's Kies software but, once installed, made getting alternate ringtones onto the phone a breeze. Now, every time my phone rings, I hear the tripods from War of The Worlds (the remake), and it's generally appropriate. The Rugby works with Consumer Cellular if you're like me and restrict your phone usage to talk and text. Outside of AT&T, it is not a "palmtop" computer. Some of us refuse to get one of those anyway - like our browsing on 24" screens. If you're addicted and not with AT&T, this won't be the phone for you. If you want a good, durable, and reliable "phone" that you can count on for years to come and that has awesome standby and talk time, then it is... definitely. I've yet to find a phone that can squeeze hours out of a battery change like a Samsung, and every Samsung phone I've had has averaged a two-year battery life. I grin every time a coworker's or friend's phone poops out on them. Hey, they went for pretty and all those bells and whistles, but it's rather sad when they're paying that much for phone service yet constantly unable to make a call. I just have to remember to charge mine at least once a week. As a phone, I couldn't recommend it more. As a computer? Well, go get one of those instead.
Phone arrived quick and in perfect working condition. Would purchase from this seller again. The phone was purchased for my 68 year old father that has Parkinsons Disease. He needed a reliable flip phone that was sturdy and easy to use. This phone is perfect.
Watch right for what I need loved it
good item but the highest ringer volume is not as loud as I could expect.
My husband had a Samsung Rugby for about 6 years. He loved his phone....dropped it several times, once in water and it kept working. But it was showing it's age and his friends teased him about not having a smartphone. Got him the smartphone and he hated it.. After 6 weeks, ended up ordering this one. Excellent price, connected to ATT and the man is happy again. What more can I say....
Love the phone and can't wait to take it on my international travels
looks good
It's unlocked but still an ATT phone. My son wanted a flip phone and this fits the bill and serves him well. I don't think I could ever go back to it myself, however.
Hard to find simple flip phones anymore and my father in law just wanted simple. This was a great price and works wonderfully for him
it was good, does what a phone does. exactly what I needed
My father is still using this item.He loves it and his hearing is rather bad! So that means a lot.
nice phone,good condition...I bought it used,,,,,I am happy with it until I decide which phone I want
It has been a very sturdy phone, The volume is great and texting is very simple. I use it for work, and I am outdoors alot
Perfect worked great delivered on time Perfect!!
Great phone and outstanding service from Ross Cellular. This is an AT&T branded phone; an AT&T logo, packed and shipped in an AT&T box but unlocked, so it takes anyone's SIM (think outside the US). As an AT&T product any accessories included with the phone are at the discretion of AT&T. Mine included an earbuds headset, which is okay unless you wear hearing aids, as I do. Earbuds for the hearing-impaired are useless. Interestingly, the owner's manual includes a picture of what AT&T calls a "MicroUSB to 3.5mm converter," a device that permits the use of a headset with that size audio plug. Why AT&T omitted the converter even though the manual says it is included with the phone only AT&T can answer. They could have included both and addressed the needs of both the hearing-impaired and those with normal hearing. Go figure. A quick email to Ross brought the device at no charge. Splendid service.
A+++
Durable little thing. Bought for my mother, who's a bit technologically challenged. Booted as AT&T device, but that's what she's on anyway, so don't know about the whole "unlocked" bit.
I ordered this for my uncle who works construction, he is very happy with it.
LOVE it
I purchased this phone and my phone had a defect and I was able to get it exchanged for another one.
My father is a remodeled who doesn't want a smartphone in a bulletproof case, he wants a simple flip phone that makes calls (he doesn't even use the text messaging). Problem is, he remodels houses all day and all his past phones have met tragic demises off ladders, tailgates, etc. I watched him drop this phone onto the floor from a 6' ladder while trying to dig it out of his pocket to answer a call. I reached down and answered it (I know that isn't the only time it has been dropped). His favorite thing to do is turn on the speaker so he can continue working while talking to you. It is reasonably clear and loud on both sides of the call (unless he forgets and walks to the other side of the room). The interface is pretty simple and straight forward, but the phone has a good amount of features. Does it have all the modern bells and whistles, no and that's the point. It is one of the last good rugged basic flip phones that I have found.
phone is good but battery runs down in 4hrs.
I bought this phone for my husband to replace one that had gone through the wash. We like the ruggedness of the phone. My husband has big hands, and this phone is easy for him to use. The only thing we do not like is the ringtone volume is not very loud. Even with it adjusted to its highest level, it is sometimes hard to hear. There are a limited number of ringtones available on this phone, but that is not a huge drawback. Overall, this is a good, tough phone for a man who does not want a delicate phone.
My husband is a plumber and hard on phones. He loves this phone. He's had all the previous version and I hope they continue to make these phones
Just what I expects. Works great. Very happy with purchase.
Purchased this phone for my hubby. He has used this phone for as long as it has been out. This was a replacement after he ran over his other phone with his loader. Good phone, but I don't suggest you run over it with a 5 ton piece of equipment, the loader won!
works great tought phone
Ordered this phone for my dad. It was great purchase for him. It has an outdoor volume setting and has larger buttons. It was half the price of a regular retail store.
The phone is for my Uncle, I'm sure he will Love it.
As stated very helpful
Works great for my husbands needs. It is rugged enough for him as he is very abusive to electronics.
GREAT PHONE!!!! DURABLE, EASY SET-UP....WORKS IN EUROPE
Received and performed just as expected........a rare commodity these days.
Perfect
Great purchase and delivery.
would like more info for setup
better than a smart phone (because I'm not that smart)
Good phone my husband like it
Best flip phone on the market some of the buttons are a bit small or placed in the wrong spot, I primarily use this for phone call's not so much text the sound is loud and clear unlike some I phones, well made battery life is excellent
awesome deal
perfect. Everything was as promised. Delivery even faster as expected.
WORKS FOR ME. VERY DURABLE AND I REALLY LIKE THE SIZE. THE TYPE OF WORK I DO REQUIRES ME TO HAVE A PHONE I CAN WEAR EASILY. IT WAS EASY GETTING TO KNOW THIS PHONE. IM PART OF THE LAST GROUP OF BABY BOOMERS, YEAH THIS IS MY SPEED.
I love this phone already. (This is my backup phone for walking and biking.) I just got this unit. I loaded a prepaid sim card. This model has the PTT disabled out of the box. This was an issue on earlier models. Of course, I plan on using this for talking only. I did turn off the background noise feature as mentioned in earlier posts to have better clarity. It has GPS which I will not be using,however this makes the on board compass work. I am using this already. Thanks for that! I did connect with my home WiFi very quickly. However, I will probably disable this feature as I do not need it. I just moved the icons for the stuff I use to page one on the phone and ignore all the now useless AT&T bloatware on page two. I have not been comfortable for quite some time carrying my very expensive smartphone for such activities as hiking and biking for fear of it being dropped or stolen or dunked. I will try to update my review at a later date if my opinion changes. (I am a semi-retired senior citizen from the IT industry.)
This product certainly looks and feels like my original Rugby "1" which is in A-1 condition, since my purchase in 2005! It is a heavy duty, military-grade instrument that has served me well. My need for the purchase was due to the fact that my "old" Rugby will become obsolete at the end of this year. This phone serves all of my needs. I need no device for entertainment; I LIVE my life.
Works well.
To regain control of my life, I decided to retire my smartphone and return to flip phone Nirvana. The Rugby 4 battery lasts for days and it seems to work well in dead zones. Absolutely great for voice and text, but the music capability is surprisingly good too. Download the free Kies software from Samsung to port files easily from you laptop. I also bought the Samsung headset for $10. Highly recommend AT&T prepaid plan which includes a free online contact directory service that simplifies keeping the phone's address book current. Bonus: the Bluetooth feature works with my car's navigation system and supports calls for my cell through the car speakerphone. Cons: email stinks, no apps, no games.. just sanity
great
Was bought as a gift and it's exactly what they wanted.
The rugby fills all my needs. AT&T has been very helpful in the set up.
Bought it to replace 8 yr old Ruby 1. Met all expectations. Arrived in original packaging, brand new. Totally satisfied.
It got here before May 1st. Good job
perfect
Shipping was fast. Item as described. Well purchase from again. Thnx!
Excellent phone. Works well, better built than the cheap little $10 and $20 dollar phones that my dad had been buying to use with his T-Mobile sims card. He was replacing his phone every few weeks. It was getting to be a circus.I bought this phone for my older dad, who hates the candy bar style smart phones and cannot seem to find a phone that will hold up to his style of abuse.This phone is durable and seems heavier. He has used it for about Two months now, and it seems to be working perfectly. He is rough on his phones and I was trying to keep the flip phone style that he likes, and still have a phone that will hold up. There are not that many options any more.
I am hard on a phone so wanted a pretty rugged phone that I could get dirty and sweat it wet and it still work and not have a cracked screen. I had the Rugby II for several years with no problems, hopefully the 4 will be just as good. Sim cards are different sized so a trip to the AT and T Store to get a new SIM card had to happen. Have only used it for a week so will see.
Shipping was fast and Product was Everything you said it would be. Brand new out the box with a warranty,Couldn't ask for more. Thanks for your business!
takes the daily abusestill a bit squiggly with the sound but self correctedI use it under the flight path in the rain and mud
Love the durability and the price. It gives me what I need at a great price
More reception than my Rugby II and more features as well. Longer battery life by 4 hrs use; 30 days standby.
I'm amazed at how clear the voice calls are no matter what country I am in. Amazing technology. My family and colleagues back in the States don't believe I am speaking from abroad. Battery life is incredible also which is to be expected by a "Non" smart phone. Rugged and can take a beating.
sence the first rugby,when I wear our the one I have I find a new one, AT&T no longer has them so I have too go to amazon.I have looked at the SM 4 but it had two many apps, but if it is like the other SM's it is a fine unit. I alwas have barr's and it is stupit prouff and still low teck
Arrived quicker than expected. Good phone.
Great flip phone even if you wanted to use it as a Push to Talk ( walkie talkie )
Works well. Price is right . Initially would not work with my SIM card - wife "did hard reset" works like a charm
Great phone and prize
it was as good as new
Very good
Good Basic 3G phone. I do not use the phone for texting or to go online. Excellent for my purposes.
Yes in this age its a dinosaur but it works and we are happy with it
THE SERVICE WAS PROMPT, AND THE PHONE PERFORMS GREAT.
Arrived quicker than expected. Good phone.
Great flip phone even if you wanted to use it as a Push to Talk ( walkie talkie )
Works well. Price is right . Initially would not work with my SIM card - wife "did hard reset" works like a charm
Great phone and prize
it was as good as new
Very good
Good Basic 3G phone. I do not use the phone for texting or to go online. Excellent for my purposes.
Yes in this age its a dinosaur but it works and we are happy with it
I bought this for my husband. I know it's an old school phone, but it works for him!!!
As opposed to a stupid smart phone. This phone is great for what phones were invented for, TALKING!!. You can text, browse the web, take and send pics and vids. And when it's in your pocket, it's small, unnoticed, and the screen is nicely covered so it doesn't get cracked. And it works in the elevator. And it doesn't hang up when your cheek touches the screen.And I only charge it twice a week!
My Husband loves this phone it is great but sometimes he has over worked it. SO we go to amazon find another one and buy it. Love all the specs it's perfect for him
Tough phone!
This is a well built phone. I was surprised to discover it was unlocked. It has all the usual AT&T branding but that's to be expected. You will need to disable the push to talk button. It's very easy to press by accident. That is of course unless you use PTT.
compatible with straight talkheavy duty for menno issuesvery pleased, still cant figure out how to set up internet with the straight talk though on this phone
Great product just what my husband needed. He is very hard on phones. This one seems to hold up for him!
im very happy it works just finespecialy for an older person who does not like smart phones
My original Rugby finally had its hinge fail. For a flip phone that is fatal. Prices for replacements were as high as buying a new smart phone but I only wanted a phone that made calls (I figure I will ignore the camera feature). After weeks of looking this one came in at well under $50 so I ordered it. It was received days before promised and with a SIM and memory card swap I logged in to the carrier phone network and it worked. However when I tried to customize the contact list there was a password assigned. I contacted the seller and they did not know it and as it was previously owned, had no way to find out what it may be either. SUPER SELLER. I did not ask for a refund or another phone, just help with the password. He refunded my money, including shipping, and told me not to sent the phone back. This unit will be fine and when I need to find a new unit I will shop here first.
Perfect
Nice
good durable phone. can't get e-mail. Was not able to load address book so, I'm starting over. I still like it though. It's rugged and simple.
Bought a used phone, still in OK shape, the thing I like is that is a very tough phone and simple to use for basic calling
nice heavy duty phone . excellent sound quality.
Phone works great. Although it is a used phone it looks practically brand new.
Great phone if you are accident prone. I routinely drop it and get it wet. It keeps on going.
I know...it's a flip phone. I had one of these for 10 years before breaking it and just had to have another just like it. Shipped quickly and was in tip top condition. Does exactly what I need it to do without a bunch of bells and whistles.
This is a great phone! Seriously rugged and basic. Just what I was looking for.
It would have been a great phone brand new. The fact that it is so sturdy is great for those of us who drop things, or go out in the rain. Unfortunately, these days, they make it pretty impossible to have a phone that is not "smart". I had always been able to go online if I needed, and Iam not one of those constantly online people. I am looking forward to a smart phone flip phone. I hope someone makes one.
great phone, wonderful service. d.m.
great buy.. thanks..
Wife loves it!
This phone works very well. Great seller.
Lasted forever. I bought this 2 years ago and still have it.
Does the job.
This is the best non-smartphone on the market. Still works great after all these years. Can withstand being dropped--even in water.
The phone was better than expected. Great buy! Works great.
BEAT UP BUT WORKS FINE. THINKING ABOUT GETTING MORE RECENT MODEL.
function as stated and excellent function.purchased for a friend
happy :)
The phone is perfect. Couldnt ask for a better phone for my husband. Sellers awesome. Very rugged and durable.
I ordered this phone for my husband who goes through cell phones like tissue as he ends up ruining them at work.This is a great phone, very sturdy, durable and well worth the money. He has gotten his pocket wet with the phone inside, dropped it off a forklift, had a tool box fall on it, etc...etc...and it is still working perfectly. I highly recommend this phone to anyone that is rough and has trouble with phones getting damaged often.
I love this phone because it can take a beating. My work demands a phone this reliable let's put it this way my friend was making fun of it I took it slid it oacross the floor to a wall told him to call my phone still worked asked him to bdo that with his smart phone still waiting
GOOD PHONE DURABLE RUGGED CAN TAKE A LICKING CHEAP BUT EVERY OPTION WORKS IN THE PHONE THE EAR PIECE I RECOOMMEND IS A PLANTRONIS LEGEND WILL WORK FINE WITH THIS PHONE!
Purchased this Refurbed, unlocked and Like New from CELLULAR GALLERY INC. Phone was supposed to be Yellow and Black but I received, much to my pleasent surprise, the black one.I needed an unlocked GSM phone to replace my old tried and true Sanyo Pro 200 that was a CDMA phone on the Platinumtel network. They updated to GSM and sadly I couldn't use the Sanyo anymore.Despite the AT&T logo that comes up when powered on.. it is indeed unlocked and accepted the Sim card without issue from PTel.I desire in a phone that it be fairly sturdy, a flip style, that it makes decent calls, doesn't require puzzle solving skills to use and has a battery that lasts more than a day or two. This one sounded like it would fit the bill and so far it has.I didn't think I'd find another phone that pleased me as much as the Sanyo did, but this one has been great!Calls are extremely clear.Accessories can be found cheaply. I wish it had come with a plastic belt holster like the sanyo did, but I've found and ordered one that is supposed to go with it.Update 6/29/2015: Phone is still going strong on original battery. No complaints almost 2 years later.Update 2/26/2016: Phone is still working perfectly, I've recently switched to Ting from Ptel.
Phone is very reliable and rugged even though it looks very simple and lacks modern features you see in newer phones.
I enjoy the flip style phone. I have used this style for sometime now. Great value. Very pleased with the purchase.
I'm a Millwright and I go through or have gone through a lot of phones. Not this one. It does not have all the bells and whistles as most phones but really that is not what this phone is about and what it is a about is top of the line in its class and price range. The only thing i don't like is at&t will charge you for using the g.p.s.
I love this phone and so does my husband. I ordered this phone for my husband after going through several other phone in water and other busted scenarios. This one has been indestructible for him.
It is very durable phone and dependable and a low maintenance phone.It is very simple to use and Samsung done a amazing job in designing this phone.
I bought this blue accessory phone cover to go along with the phone that i purchased and it worked out perfectly.
I was looking for a no frills phone that was sturdy and dependable. It has exceeded those expectations. I would use the camera as well, but that is about it for this phone, so cannot say much about the other features.
Simple flip phone. It is a great rugged phone with good speakers. Good for text-ing setting alarms.. Long battery life and it is 3g phone so it works with the Microcell device if needed.
I ordered this phone for my dad who is in construction. So far it has withstood the beatings of his job and he is very satisfied with its basic functions. He needed a basic but good rugged phone and for the past month he has had no problems so we are hoping this one will last him at least a year or two, if not more. Trustworthy seller as well, as the phone arrived on time & functions perfectly.
my mother in law enjoy the phone. The keys are practicable for her. good screen and working excellent. thanks. good service
The only problem is that you have to be careful not to press the PTT button, or you could get charges to your bill.Otherwise, this phone is GREAT!! Very rugged and great especially if you work outdoors in all weather conditions, like me.
I have bought this phone for my husband at least 3 times and my brother has had more than one as well. Don't read that as you have to replace them often! My husband and brother are both rough on technology, and this phone has survived where other phones would have tapped out after a week. The 2 my husband has killed, landed on the hinge that holds the two parts together, that's probably the only weak spot on this phone. He busted one almost in half, although I have to say, it still worked! I recommend this phone for anyone who is tough on phones.
the volume and clarity is awesome. Durable for hubby to use. He has no problem hearing this overtop of his backhoe running,
The phone was perfect for my dad.
My replacement phone was black, which I preferred, not like the picture here. It is different as far as the programming is concerned, which I don't care for as I liked my previous screen choices, but it works just fine as a replacement.
It met all my expectations
rugged
seems to need more charging than last ruby but strong .
I needed to order a phone for my Mother because her other one was out of date and this phone was easy for her to use . Great purchase.
It has a problem charging, i think i just need a new charger but it does work great and was a good price!
love it
The phone was delivered on time as promised. I took a star off because the phone was a gift for my dad and the description stated that it was cobalt blue, when the phone came it was vivid purple.Carla M, TX
needed a cheap phone and this got me through the rest of my trip but died shortly after I returned home
My husband always breaking his phones, I have no money to keep buying expensive phones with sprint,the insurance not give you new phone.so decided to try this phone, came before of schedule,I have this phone for 3 months, internet is not the best of all , but is good for the price I paid.
As far as phones go it is pretty nice easy to use .. However buyer beware it is considered a smartphone and requires a data package.. not just a texting one.. the sprint people at first told my daughter it didn't but they changed my plan to data so upon deeper investigation I found out that it was in fact a smartphone.. so as far as phones go it is a great buy for the money but only if you want a full data package.
You cannot go wrong with any Samsung product. The cell phone is no exception. It is easy to setup and on the Sprint network in minutes.
Great phone for the money! Only complaint is the battery only holds a charge for about 24 hours so recharging nitely!
Really like this phone. easy to use. although not a smart phone does what I needed to do. This is my second phone 1st one bit the bullet after 2 yrs. cheap price that does a good job have not any issues such as dropped calls.
I got this phone because my I was i need of a new one, and i wanted a touch. the phone its self is great and looked cool and lean. however this phone is a smart phone so you will need data to put in to use.
Good phone, everything was as expected-new, excellent condition-no issues-great phone for the price. call, text, email and watch ESPN on it.
The phone arrived on time and was in great working condition. This was much better then the insurance plan. Thanks
Had this same phone for more than 2 years and loved it After much abuse, it was dying and so glad to have found the same one. Great touchscreen, Super GPS, all the features you need.
Cute phone, very small. Better for a little girl or pre teen. Has good phone features and able to do the basics I just inserted the SIM card from my old phone into this phone and connection was automatic
It's a cute little phone that works and operates how it should. All the features are in line with a phone for that price and specification. I love the colour and the uniqueness of it Xxx
I just got this phone yesterday. I was at first worried about how it would be because I read the reviews before ordering it but it was TOOO CUTE to pass up. Yes, I did have to take it to a sales rep store (TMOBILE) for it to work on my carrier. And it is awesome. It's not a Android but it does have email radio mp3 and too be honest all I used on Android was Pandora..The pictures are clear..and OMGOSH..for the LaDiEs who wear nails(like me)//YOU will LOVE the fact that the touchscreen is able to be used with those nails on..the TIPS!!!! Whoever made this phone design. Thank you!!!! It fits my personailty, it just fits ME fabulous-LY!!!
Go this phone for my girlfriend and she loves it(: It put the biggest smile one her face(: I am having some problems with it though. We recently went trough At&t. The calling and texting works fine. But having problems getting the Internet and Picture Messaging figured out. If anyone can help me out. With a site or like basic help let me know. I seen that a few people finally figured it out. I want to know if anyone can help me solve that small problem. Other than that. It's an amazing, cute phone. Anybody will love it. Not to many people have it either.
Great phone, but way outdated. Most carriers will not support the GMS network after 2017. Useless for web browsing and no querty keypad.Better to get a reg. iphone and get Hello Kitty snap-case and download wallpapers and themes.
In the old days, they'd lock the phones. I never got it to work. Now, however, I hear they let others sell phones and they try to sell service. So, I guess, now it would work.
very good phone, it works simply for using my little 9 year old, and she escanta its detail hello kitty!
good toolthis item met my expectation. I would recommend whoever to buy it for future need. No doubt, this what people should be looking for
good
I was expectig a phone in "good condition" What i recieved was brand new. Not a scratch on it. It works for me, and came with a european charger, an adapter so I can charge it, as well as a usb wire. The port is compatible with other samsung devices I own, which never came with a usb, with that specific port, it is rare to find one in usb form. The best thing about it though; It is the phone used by Jessie Pinkman in Breaking Bad. Happy Birthday to me!
Exelent Customer service AAA+++ I recommend this seller AAA+++
This phone is cute. I did have to figure out how to get it on the English settings but after that was figured out it made a awesome birthday gift to a hello kitty fan!
Cute
nice love it
Great
No comments!
My daughter loves Hello Kitty, and she Loves the phone, was a good price. But I did have to take it to someone to have it set up, for some reason it would not work was kind of locked.
It was a beautiful cell if you are a "hello kitty" fan perfect gift. Make sure it is compatible with cell phone carrier though.
I have a friend who is really into Hello Kitty and I thought that she would just love this phone. She had her phone stolen about 2 weeks ago and she said if I found a phone that was of good quality and cheap, to get it for her. I found this Samsung hello Kitty phone and thought of her. I sent it to her as a present and she was so happy. If you know of anyone that likes Hello Kitty, this is a great phone to get them.
It was awesome for the kids to own. It was cute and pretty. A great gift for any little girl.
This Hello Kitty special edition of the Samsung star is just amazing! from the great call quality to the screen resolution, I highly recomend this phone. I recieved the phone within the alloted time period, and when I started her up...surprise! The start-up info was in German! No problem, Thanks to the wonders of Google, I found exact translation instructions on a blogging website. I do not utilize the internet portion of the phone, as I am a prepaid utilizer and will not waste my hard earned money on cellphone phooey! I use my IPOD touch for that. anyways, It is well packaged and comes with a Euro-style plug with US adaptation, which is aewsome. It is a bit smaller that it appears to be online, which was a good thing, as I slip it into a pocket and don't have to worry about a big bulky thing disturbing my sitting position!! So, If you are procrastinating, just stop right there, get this phone! You'll be glad you did!
Love this phone. so easy to use for people who are not so techy like me. I love playing with it.
I got this phone to replace my old iPhone. I did not originally think this phone would be as good. I just received it today and I have to say I like even better then my old iPhone. It was easy to switch it to English and set up just the way I wanted it. It was also easy to import my music and pictures from my computer onto the phone using the USB cable and the software included. I also liked that the seller included an adapter for the charger so I can use it in the US (since the charger is a European one). Earphones for listening to music and stuff were included as well which is good since the outlet is different than the standard so I think it would have been hard to find ones that went. It is also light weight and small enough to be easy to fit in a purse or pocket with a screen that is big enough to see everything. Plus it being Hello Kitty really adds to the cute factor. I recommend this phone who wants a cute little phone that is really practical with a lot of cool features for a good price.
When I first got the phone I was really frustrated, it came up with a stupid error saying that service was unavailable, not only that but it was in Hungarian. I went to my service provider and they fixed everything! It has been a really fun phone, I love the radio and mp3 player. I highly suggest buying a stylus, it makes it much easier to use! Also plan on buying memory-you can't use the mp3 player or the computer software without it. Memory can be bought pretty cheap here in amazon. Overall I love it, I get compliments on it all of the time and because it wasn't released here in America, it is very unique!
From my daughter: hi, i bought this phone 4 about $125 and i think it is gr8!! the only thing is that when i got it, the manual was all in Hungarian and so was the phone language and i didn't know what 2 do:( so that is pretty much the only thing about it that i didn't like. the games are fun, the ringtones are cool, the camera is good, and i LOVE that u can insert ringtones and videos and pictures on 2 the texts!! u can buy a protective thingy 4 the touchscreen so it doesn't get all scratched up.( i used a hair clip 4 a stylus: BAD IDEA ) so i would say overall, this is a great phone and u should buy it!
I have had this phone for a month now and overall am very pleased with it. I do wish that I had been able to read the instruction manuel-was unable to due to the fact that it was not written in English, however, have been able to figure out most of the features. The call quality is fine and I was able to send and receive txts right away. I am not able to send or receive pic txts or send pics to my email, but I hope that my provider will be able to help me with this problem when I take it in. The battery does not seem to last as long as my last phone (a motorola), but I am enjoying the touch screen and am pleased with the camera quality. I did run into a problem a couple days after I got this phone-I was getting an "insert sim" message even though I had a sim card in, but figured out that this was due to the fact that the back was on a little loosely and my sim card had slipped out of position. Once I fixed this I didn't have any more problems. The company I purchased from was very quick to respond when I tried to contact them-called AND emailed me the following business day but by then I had figured out and resolved the prob. I am very satisfied with this phone and would def purchase again. And it's so darn cute-I like the size, color, and design.
I love this phone I read all the reviews and agree it is a cute girls phone. It came with the adapter and was in English. I am learning more about it every day. If you hold it sideways then it becomes a complete keyboard makes it soooooo much easier also a stylis pen with a rubber tip makes it easy as well. If you want a one of a kind that not everyone has like I did then get this phone you will not be disappointed.
the phone is great, just wish it was set to recieve pictures and send pictures on the t-mobile network... this is a minor problem, that your service provider can assist with, after there help, the phone was perfect...
I love it!!! cute fun!! at first i couldnt receive or send picture messages but i called my provider (tmobile) and they set up the MMS (multimedia messaging service)and got that fixed... bad side i cant send my videos for some reason but i hardly use that funtion i can keep the videos in my phone i love it....
I was a little hesistant ordering this phone based on the reviews that it comes in another language. However, when I got the phone and set it up, it was already in English. I decided on using T-Mobile for the phone service. You do have to figure out how to set up the internet. It took me 2 days to find the right website to program for the internet, and now it works perfectly. Check out: [....]. The only thing I'm dissapointed in is that it doesn't seem to have any wi-fi. Otherwise, it's a great phone full of a lot of features. I hope this helps!
I just purchased this phone and I love the look.... However, the only thing I cannot do is receive or send picture messages.. but im not complaining too strongly because I did read the reviews before purchasing the phone but on one of the previous reviews someone mentioned that they loved the fact you can insert picture into your messages so i figured maybe there was a way you can send or receive them after all, but I can't:( Overall, I love my phone.. it's loud, it's cute,camera is very clear which is a huge plus, it has the radio and other cool features..Very easy to use. I recommend anyone who does not really use picture message to purchase the Hello Kitty Samsung S5230.. Ok after a couple of I had to come back and tell everyone that I finally figured out how to use the pic msg... Im with T-mobile so i went to google and found "T-Mobile generic MMS settings" and follow the instructions from there... they also have instructions for carriers:)
This is a really cool phone. My step-daughter loves it. As far as the picture messaging goes for T-Mobile you can find their generic settings by Googling "T-Mobile generic MMS settings". On the phone tap Menu/Messages/Settings/Multimedia messages/Profiles/Create/Set name. Call it T-Mobile MMS and then enter the settings. Alternatively you can try to find a nice customer service rep at a "real" store, they'll do it for you. It's not one of their phones so some of their reps might say no (but it is your service plan, so they usually say yes).As far as the startup language goes, the instructions that came with my phone said to insert the SIM card first, prior to doing anything else to have it come up in English instead of German. I noticed that afterwards but knew enough German to find the right setting. If you don't have a year or two to study another language, this is a goog time to try Google translate...
Excelent gadget, my daughter is so excited with this, is very smart phone, i like it, was made by engineer and designer I think so.
we received the package quickly and had no trouble setting everything up. the phone works well and looks exactly like we expected it to look. this is a great product to buy.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my old T-Mobile phone that had a lot of problems. So far, this phone is great! One thing it doesn't say in the description is how small it is, but that doesn't stop me from liking it so much! It's great for everything I need. One thing I would suggest is that if you're going to send mms messages or get on the internet, go here to tmoatt . com and follow the instructions. It's easy to do and they give you all the information you need!
Great phone, easy to use and all "girly" requirements meet in terms of colors, logos, etc. Only thing it needs is WiFi
I love it! Cute, unique & very easy to use. Great sound and easy to send free ringtones from PC via bluetooth. I was disappointed to find out it doesn't have voice dialing. I just assumed that was available on all wireless phones now. Also wish it had wifi, but I probably wouldn't do much more than experiment. I just switched from overpriced Verizon account I've had for many years, to T-mobile monthly with unlimited data, so the wifi is no big deal. Besides the fact that I love cats, including Hello Kitty and pink is my favorite color, I think it's great to have an unlocked phone. This is first time a phone I paid for feels like it actually belongs to me and none of it's capabilities are blocked. Much better to buy a phone with a few less features, but all features work, than to pay a lot of $$$ for all the bells & whistles only to get it home and find all the features you bought it for were disabled.
love my new phone - it came already set up in english, and it was very easy to set up the internet/picture messages using the instructions on the seller's website. it even came with an adapter since the charger is european. very cute phone, thanks!
When I visiting my kids in Okinawa Japan I gave this to my daugther and she like it so much,,,
on time. the right product and good condition. i checked the three phones and they are working. unfortunately i don't have sim card to try calling. good business with you. thanksEyad
I like the design and the phone themes, and also it's a easy handling phone. Using as a basic phone, that's a nice choice. Of course, for girls~ haha~
Hello Kitty Limited Edition Samsung S5230 Unlocked GSM Cell Phone with 3MP Camera, MP3 Player, FM radio, Touch Screen, Bluetooth, HTML browser and MicroSD Slot--International (Pink)Bought this one a month ago and it works great! If you plan to purchase this phone, you have to have alot of patience. This phone isn't made in the U.S. so you would have to change the language from German to English. I bought this one for AT&T's prepaid plan. I have to admit, it was very frustrating because I wasn't able to receive picture messages(MMS). I read reviews and some people were able to receive pictures because they had T-mobile. I honestly was going to switch but I really liked At&T's service so i did more research and finally found a way. I give this phone 4 stars because i had to do some research, other than that, i love it.
It is a spectacular phone I bought for my daughter for 10 years and she is thrilled with its easy handling, my order arrived on time and well I have nothing to complain
I have used a Blackberry for years...so getting used to this is kind of hard for me. The phone itself is really cute and the touch screen is easy. I use T-Mobile and had no problem getting my plan switched over from Blackberry to this phone. All I did was insert the sim card and called t-mobile who walked me through setting up the phone's web set up. I am having a hard time with web access though and using MMS. The phone won't allow me to use both, so I manually have to switch between mobile and MMS profiles. There may be a way to do this, but I haven't figured it out yet. The tools on my widget bar also are not working on t-mobile's network. I LOVE the phone. I just don't know how to do everything yet. If any T-Mobile users have suggestions for me, please let me know!!!!
Product was received quickly & packaged well. Phone works great, came in English and has been a breeze to set up. Phone is very unique in design and definitely has that "cute" appeal! I was hesitant at first, but I am so glad I bought this product. Thank you!
This cellphone is very good, it's just a little slow but it isn't a smartphone. It's samll and thin just like i was looking for.I buy it from HassleFreeCell and it was delivered very fast, unlocked and brand new.
This is a great phone. Camera, music, text and chat. Love it. Works in the USA & the overseas. What else could I ask for.
Well, phone works great and touch screen was responsive. I bought it unlocked and traveled with it to Nigeria and it worked with all GSM networks. Delivery was fast. The only drawback to it is that the camera did not produce very bright pictures. Probably needs a flash integrated to the phone. The phone easily gets scratches so you might want to buy a case for it. Overall it is a great phone for the price i got it.
This product is advertised as International Version, but it is not really. I bought this phone to send as a gift to my cousin in India. I received a power adapter which is no where close to the switch plugs we have in India. There is no Euoropean switches also. Charger coming with the phone works only in US. However that is not a big issue as we can always buy a Samsung charger in India.Before sending this as a gift, I wanted to try it and check how it works. This was our first Touch screen phone. We wanted to try on a cheaper phone first before going for some good priced phone. We're impressed with this touch screen phone.Cons: Power adapter coming with phone is wrong. I thought that this phone has Wi-fi. But it doesn't. It's worth though for the price we payed for this phone. I'm not trying the internet as I don't have data plan here and there is no wi-fi in this phone. My cousin will try internet in India. hope fully it works good. Wi-fi would have been an excellent feature if included.Pros: Touch response, Battery life, Picture & Video quality, sound quality are all good.
I think this phone is great! I got it as a gift for my boyfriend and he can't put it down. It has everything you need in a phone and more. Touchscreen works great and it has tons of useful applications. Battery lasts like 5 or 6 days. I can't explain how happy I am with this purchase. My mom already said she wanted the same phone for her birthday and I am giving thought to the idea of getting one for myself as well.
Purchased as gift so can't really address product, but the delivery was as excellent
son wanna!!! i honey great
excellent product!!!!!!
I like it though the back cover got loose after a month.
very good
el telefono se considera bueno con sus aplicaciones para un uso normal. en realidad satisface las espectativas. viene desbloqueado y funciona con cualquier operador.
This was great outstanding phone. Other people talk bad stuff about this but they are all old reviews. I just bought this for my aunt like 1 week ago and it is amazing it even comes with the europe style plug you need for europe. It came much earlier and everything was great and brand new sealed in package.When I opened it it was all in german but some of it was in english so I could go to the settings easily and change it it wasn't a big problem. It comes with a usb and charger, headphones and more. This was just amazing I would buy it again.
everything ok with the Samsung S5360 Galaxy Y Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Smartphone with Android OS . , .v . ,
It's a great phone easy to use.I bought for my sister and she is happy with her phone and the color too.
On the small screen as a pioneer of the samsung galaxy could not ask for more, functional, durable and beautiful, I recommend 100% reliable supplier.
Its a nice neat phone abit small on the screen but it doesnt bother me i.e you can still text and view the internet as you can magnify the intenet option. I love the pink color and in general samsung so I'm happy with my purchase.
i love it my new phone because it's working perfect, is beautiful and contains everything about new apps and functions
The samsung galaxy y phone is great 5 star reccomend to any one.This phone is a very popular phone.love it.
I have used this phone for a month. it's a great phone. The camera gives clear picture. So far, everything works just fine. The applications are simply amazing...I don't have to wait to get on my computer all the time, and oh, i love the fact that I skype with it. Highly recommended!!! I couldn't find any reviews when i was making my purchase. I hope this helps someone.Ok, so I've used this phone for 4months and this an update. It still works as I stated earlier, but it suddenly turns itself off and on. At first, I didnt bother because those didnt happen often but after a while it got annoying(note that this doesn't happen very often...say twice in a month.Sometimes, the network suddenly disappears and I have to pull out the battery and stick it back for the network to start working again, but I think this may be a network issue rather than a phone-related problem. Hey, if you're looking for a phone that does skype video call, this is not the phone. It does wonderful skype call but does not enable video calls. I don't expect any other thing to go wrong, and I'm retaining my rating because the phone is great. Btw, i copied this from an earlier review of this phone just so I'd stop getting the prompt to review this product. Apparently, this is my amazon-verified purchase, but i'd reviewed the same phone elsewhere.
Excellent
very good
Bought this for my niece she's 10 yrs old and she love it!
Excelente
Its ok just never knw it Was that small but i love it it a good phone i love it
I bought this phone after I broke my previous phone with ongoing 2 year contract. I didn't want to spend a lot of money for a new phone, but the price for this one was reasonable. It is handy and cute. The size is small, but I rather like the size since I can grab it fully with my hand and I think I will never drop it and break it again. I recommend this phone to people who need to purchase a new phone with their remaining contract period.
I bought this as a temporary phone. I dropped my Galaxy Note II, and needed something to get me thru until its repaired. It works fine- had to get a sim card from AT&T phone center- (free) because mine has a micro sim card and this phone is just regular. But everything works great. It does come with an Intl plug in cord though, but I already have Samsung, so mine works fine.
Considering its price is a great phone. It has a very nice screen, takes good pictures, you can search the web and all, but sadly, since it is not an android telephone, you can't have whatsapp on it. So, if you are use to this kind of social apps you better choose a different model. But if you don't this is a great cel phone!
I agree with Daisy S review the phone is good, however the biggest CON for me was not being able to turn off vibration mode completely so I returned the phone after using it for two days.
I normally hated the smarthphone for the price!!! There have got so high price!!! But this cellphone is great!!!! The quality of the graphics is perfect, the speed for writing sms is so good!!! And... very important! This phone works perfectly with GSM or 3G in my country: Costa Rica. The protection of shipment was excellent! Definitely I am so happy with this bougth and the price is perfect and accessible for any people!
the phone came 3 days sooner then expected, once charged it works great. the only problem i had was not the phones problem, i could not get pic texts. i called tmoble and they fixed me up real quick. overall i love the phone, no need to pay $30 a month for internet i have wifi
Simply awesome! The price was unbelievable - I purchased it for $ 149.00. Worth every penny! Two thumbs up!
this is a very good phone.It does everything I need it to do. Very good battery life. Wifi works well. am/fm radio. mp3 player all works great.
I had the phone for over a month now and it works great.All the features work good, the phone's language was already set to english and the package included an adapter to plug the phone to an american outlet.Touchscreen is great, not too sensitive.Once the settings are set up, the WIFI and MMS work great.The camera has a very good picture during the day (not so good at night, it lacks a flash)the only downside to me would be no flash in the camera (this is why I gave it 4 stars) and the front camera is pretty much useless (I think that is depending on the carrier that you have) but it does work if you test it.Overall very happy with the phone.
This cell phone is really worthwhile... Low price and lot of features... However, it came to me set in Polish and the user guide was in Polish too... But, I quickly solved this problem just using the internet.
This is the best phone available for the price. It is unlocked and wifi capable and hence it saves a lot of money as you dont need to sign up for a data plan.The phone looks nice and sleek and all the widgets and tools works great.Love my new phone..
I recieved my phone today and it was packed well and in great condition. Its a little different than the picture as I ordered the silver and black, but this one has orange on the sides (I got a case so I am not to concerned). Great phone and works well with my tmobile sim and memory card. Over all a great company with quality products. I will do business with them again.I did contact the company and asked to exchange, since I didnt like the color of my phone, and they informed me the color I got was all they had, due to high demand. They gave me a 25% refund and I am impressed. I will definitly suggest this company and order from them from now on. DO NOT order from anyone else.
I bought this cell phone 2 months ago for my wife.she is from old school and was a little worry about touch screen instead of keys, but she get use to do it very fast, now she is enjoying all gadgets. The phone works fine with local phone carrier (Costa Rica).A little disadvantage is that some gadgets are not in English or Spanish (comes in Russian)but nothing that a smart boy can solve.I totally re-comment this device, it is a good phone for the price.
I'm from Ecuador , the cellphone was unlocked, and it had all accsesories , i love this phoneits easy to use it's beauty shape, I recomend cause it also have a good price!
With regrets, I'm returning the Samsung Monte because of sporadic network service issues. The unit I received would show three bars one minute and No Service a minute later without changing locations and using a SIM card that worked fine in other phones. After messing with it for a couple of weeks I was convinced it wasn't something I could fix with a software setting.Otherwise, the phone was pretty much exactly what I wanted. It was great having Wi-Fi available on the phone when wireless connections were available. I was able to use the Facebook and GMail apps. The Internet browser seemed slow but adequate. The interface took a little getting used to but there were certain features I liked. I have an HTC Incredible so I'm used to a good smartphone interface and although the Monte's screen was a bit more sluggish than the Incredible it was still a nice touchscreen. I did miss not having a full virtual keyboard but the T9 predictive text worked well with just the standard number/text pad. The text messages just had a standard inbox/outbox interface which was not as nice as the threaded message display of most higher-end phones. I liked the control I had between phone memory and the microSD card (purchased separately). I was able to add custom ringtones easily. The volume rocker on the side worked differently - at the home screen it would control the volume of the keypad sounds but not the actual ringtone volume - but profiles could be switched easily enough.I would have kept the phone if the network connection would have been more stable. My home doesn't have a strong signal anyway so perhaps someone living within a very strong signal area wouldn't notice the sporadic nature I witnessed. I really liked the phone and would definitely have kept it had the signal not been an issue.
I really like this phone. When I got it I couldn't get MMS messages. Everywhere I looked told me to look somewhere else. I ended up just doing the live chat with a T-mobile rep and he messaged me the settings and I installed them, it was super easy and now it works fine.
Its a decent phone for the price.. the interface is good to.. I purchased this for my mom as a giftand she really likes it. The display when dialing is big enough.. others icons are small but she willnot use it much either. Its a good phone for someone who wants some basic functionality and access to internet.I am happy with the purchase and would definetly recommend this phone..
I bought this to replace my husband's blackberry storm he lost in the airport. He is so please with it's sleek design. He likes it a lot. So easy to use and surf the web too. A perfect little thing specially for a busy, always-on-the-go and not gadget freak person like him.
I ordered this phone for my wife as she doesn't required any DATA package.I have got this phone for $115 price and works great. I have noticed in some of the review sections people mentioned that they got different language when they got the phone. Luckily I got with ENglish option only. so it was very easy to setup and navigate.I also bought MicroSD Card with 8GB capacity and that also works good. Wifi setting is very simple as they have WIFI widget or App in their default icon list.Phone is worth for that Price.-ve Point:The ONLY down side of this product is 3" inch Display Screen. As I have used iPhone [3.5"] and Samsung Galaxy S[4" screen] phone, I found this phone is pretty small. But for ladies, they love this model and sleekness.Sofar NO issues.
The camera is sleek and seems to be a good purchase. What was not stated in the description is that there are 3 user manuals included; in Latvian, Estonian and Lithuanian. Had to download the English version, and as it is 88 pages in a small booklet format, printing is out of the question.
Very good phone for the money you spend!I own it for about a month and i like it very much. It has all basic smartphone features (ok, no multitasking and no query keyboard) but definitely, a good phone for smartphone starters. NO CONTRACT and money you paid is a definitely worth it.I would recommend this to any new smartphone user or who's is looking for secondary phone with no contract.Only reason I am giving 4 star is its Java based OS, which limits you to do certain things(applications).Over all, I am very satisfied with the phone.
the phone is great, i put a sim in it and worked very well. it also has good functions, very sensitive screen but in a good way. it took me only a couple of days to get use to it. great battery life. and you can find plenty of java aplication for it. GPS is working well, but you need to have a data plan, otherwise is useless. there are other options than you can use instead of google maps. it is also easy to update or flash, if you are from a different country and you need another language. I also consider an advantage the fact that the phone comes clean, with no brand, that gives you the posibility to setup your data plan on any network. all you need to find out the right settings for it. On the other hand, KIES application that comes with the phone is old, but you can easely update it online, or try to install a fresh one. it has good tools, i was able to transfer a film including subtitle. No compatibility issues with win 7 X64
For a so-called 'non-smart' phone, it's pretty smart. Does everything they said it would. I love it. Biggest drawback is the lack of a virtual 'QWERTY' keypad, but I see I could download one (if I was smart enough to do it!).
its an okay phone that is great and works and the only problem is the charger which is european and will not work with american outlets
I loved this phone as I wrote when I got it. I had to send it back ONLY because I'm heavey handed. If you are aperson who is lite with their fingers get it..FOR THE YOU CAN'T BEAT IT.It did all they said it would do.it arrived brand new and worked perfect out of the box. It arrived in a wonder factory box all set to go in english.Oh! and I didn't have to go around the world to get a refund...1 2 3...these are good people to do business with. I'm looking around in here now for gifts.Thanks
This phone does exactly what I need. I wanted something easy to use with WIFI and I got it. Don't care much for internet and didn't want to be paying for it through my carrier. The phone is easy to use and good size. The only thing that annoys me is typing text messages. I love the T9 but I get easily irritated when it's suggesting words that I need to flip through or changing from numbers to letters. The seller was easy to work with but they sent me a wrong adapter so I had to wait a good week. Overall, the price I paid was decent for this phone. Thinking about getting one for the husband once his dies.
Having recently received it I am trying to learn this phone. It has good voice reception and i figured out the websurfing at hotspots without need for expensive data plans. It s unlocked and worked well with my T Mobile Sim card without any problem. I am still learning the other functions at this time.However during a call the keypad wont open and if you are asked to make a keypad number selection during a call i could not find a way to open the keypad. There is a task bar for keypad but it wont acknowledge or accept the command to open the keypad. If anyone has any solution for this please answer to this email
very excellent
The product arrives on perfect conditions,it is a good phone but does not have wifi or other things that todays technology demands
muy buen productotodos debirian de comprar estose los recomiendo, es completamente excelente en tamaño y calidadenvió rápido....
Excellent product, 100% recommended seller
The item is a good product. The problem was the service by The Oem Shop and amazon because send to me a phone wasn't unlock. I explained that return back the item was not be convenient for me because I paid taxes and sending cost that yours companies don't refund to me. I tried to find another solution. I expected to receive the unlock code but it wasn't. I had to buy a unlock service for this item. It costs to me $20.
i honestly love this phone. it's super light, which can be a good and a bad thing but mostly good since it's not bulky. the touchscreen is super responsive and the phone is really easy to use and get used to. though it doesn't have a keyboard, the t9 is pretty good at predicting the words you're trying to type. overall, it's probably one of the best phones i've ever had. oh, and the wifi is really convenient too! if you get this phone, i'm sure you won't be disappointed (unless it was defective or something..)random note: the lcd screen and glass recently shattered due to it flying off my lap when i got off a seat in a truck and hitting the concrete but the parts to replace them are not too expensive either.
Waited a while to write this up. Wanted to give it a fair test. Been an Electrical Engineer in control design for thirty some odd years and this was a challenge for me to get some of the features up and running. I use only a few, but wanted to check them all out because they were there. This is a great device requiring little tech skills for phone, camera, bluetooth, general setup and so forth; but if you want net, email and GPS be prepared for a little work (ulocked). If you want battery life this is definitely the phone for you. I would give it a 5 star but all engineers are a little "Dilbert". Am totally happy with general use; just make sure you buy a few extra screen protectors.
Easy setup. Nice little phone.I highly recommend this phone. Works well. Touchscreen works great. Easy to connect to Wi-Fi -
PROS:I'm very happy with this phone. It is slim with a cool look. The audio quality of the mp3 player its very good. I use a lot the wifi connection(don't have a 3G plan) with very good results.In the morning I use the weather widget while I'm still in bed, via my home wifi, very usefull.CONS:I can not make the GPS work. I've tried almost everything, it still can't get the gps position...
There are many good things about this phone and the best is battery life. I would use this phone for around 5 days without needing a recharge. Wow! And I surf the web and use the camera as well.Wifi works flawlessly. In built apps for Twitter,Facebook and google is great. However Google app does not work with wifi.. May be google has it hard coded to work with data plan only. But you have a work around. You can down load gmail app which works with WiFi.There is a smark unlock feature with gesture unlock. I love it. All you have to do is write a pre-set letter(you decide which letter) on the screen with your finger and phone unlocks and dials the number to have set for that letter! Amazing.There are many gadgets to use like tip calculator, timer, social networking sites apps, music player, Youtube app, Dictionary(I love it), messenger, voice recorder etc.Phone has Image editor. So you can take a picture, edit it to make it look better and then directly upload the picture to Picasa, facebook or Flickr. You can upload vidoes directly to Youtube. Picture quality is decent.It has active sync feature which I haven't used yet so I can't comment on that.You would not be disappointed with this phone.
Basically I would have given it 5 stars because it's a good phone once you get by the frustration of it being setup in another language. The manual is useless because it is also in another language. This is not advertised as such. The GPS is even in a foreign language and I have yet to figure out how to change it if it's even possible. But the phone is great once you change the language. This is a really great phone and the price really saved me a ton of money. I can deal with a little language thing at this price! The phone arrived on time and in good condition but I was wanting to select the gift option and it was unavailable on this item without any explanation.
The screen is nice, clean, bright, and the touch screen capability is really good. The three desktops for your widgets is also great, but honestly it's -almost- gimmicky and it's hard to find a reason to use it every day. I keep my sound profiles up on one of them, and I keep my facebook feed on another. The WIFI works great and is the best part of this phone. The only downers, really... is a lack of qwerty-touch keyboard.. and if you're in the US, there's is a really strong lack of apps.
I just wanted a phone to replace my LG that lost its keys (after repeated drops...heh). This was about the same price as the LG was two years ago. Plus it has gps, wi-fi, and a bunch of other stuff.The version I got came with polish documentation and polish navigation apps. Still figuring out a way to get English versions of these...but it really does not matter to me...I can't really get lost in my little part of the world. Google maps works well enough to get directions to shops and stuff I haven't really been to before.The GPS works fine. It takes a while to lock on to about five or six satellites before it gives lat, long, and alt (alt changes fairly rapidly even if you stay still...may be inaccurate).The interface is fairly responsive. It did stick on me once, and slow up a couple of times. No touch screen qwerty is a slight disappointment (should have it in landscape in my opinion).A phone that works, has good reception, wi-fi, and a bunch of other neat features. A few minor issues. Not too shabby. If you don't want to spend a small fortune on an unlocked phone, you won't go too far off base with this one.
I have purchase this phone... and i'm happy with this ..phone .. great design light and easy to use .. the only problem that i see is the reception of the wireless signal .. is kinda poor .. and maybe slow to charge the page .. but and the resolution of the videos has to be the same size of the cell ... that's mean that you have to reduce your video resolution with a program .. just that... .. is a great phone ..
The phone works fine with AT&T and associated data plan. Doesn't always get the "G" for 3G, but always gets the "almost" 3G (edge). Took a little effort to program the messaging and internet. Works fine with Wifi. The power adapter is the same one that I have for my Motorola razor - so that helps a lot. The music player is pretty good - has no problem locating my music files (and I didn't have to indicate where to search). The GPS takes awhile to get going sometimes, but it does work (Note: use the supplied Google maps - trying to upgrade will back-level the program and make it not work.)There are some good apps, and the phone is pretty intuitive. Nice looking. I bought it for the WIFI and GPS features - didn't want much more feature or keyboard - so it met my requirements. Battery lasts 2 full days.
I found this product easy to use.It has most of the features I was looking for, mp3 player, camera/video.It is touch screen. Above all I am very happy with the Wi-fi capabilities, that enable me to browse the web without this expensive data plan. I am satisfied, It is worth the money. I recommend it for someone who doesn't want to sign a two year plan.
Este es un gran producto de Samsung, muy bonito y fácil de operar, las aplicaciones son bastante buenas y útiles lo recomiendo completamente.
i did not read all the detail about this phone before i got it and found out from first hand experience. amazing graphics,bluetooth,gps/gprs and one of the coolest features is the photo editing software. if you ever wanted a phone that no one else can use beside you.the security settings on this phone give you and you only access to anything,making calls reading text or even viewing photos. over all it is a great buy.
My Nokia POS phone starting giving up the ghost and I was faced with either signing up for another two year contract to get a reasonable price or pay through the nose for a non-contract price.After doing some research, I settled on the S5620 Monte. When it arrived, I popped in my SIM card and voila! Well, whatever the Portuguese word for voila is. The language was set to Portuguese and I had to fumble my way through the menus trying to find what I thought was a menu option. After fumbling for about 10 minutes, I had it switched to English and was off.This is a great little phone for a couple bills. I don't have to sign up for the contract, and I can kiss off AT&T and go to T-Mobile if it suits my fancy.The WiFi is awesome. It's sad that US carriers can get away with forcing defeatured phones down our throats and force us into outrageous data plans. Since I live in Mountain View, I get free WiFi within the city from Google, so I don't have too much of a need for a data plan when I can use the built in WiFi.The camera takes great pictures at 3.2 megapixels. Video quality is good as well with a decent frame rate, but not the highest resolution (QVGA). Good enough for YouTube or Facebook.Voice quality is not the best. Also, I had to go to the UK for a case that conforms to the phone design. It also doesn't have a Qwerty keyboard input for texting. A couple small sacrifices for a smart phone without a contract, a steep price or a monthly gouging.Very happy with this phone.
Love this phone. Perfect size
it was brought as a gift for a friend and she loves her new phone
Product arrived in a timely manner and was a positive customer experience.
exellent
muy bueno...
good
Excelente
Great
El celular vino ya con gingerbread 2.3.4 precargado de la tienda, osea que no hay necesidad de actualizarlo, en el caso contrario a través del KIES también puedes actualizarlo a la última versión para este dispositivo de manera oficial 2.3.4.yo soy de Venezuela y lo puedo usar tranquilamente con Movilnet y funciona de manera esplendida la Red 3G, aunque también funciona con Movistar.El equipo la verdad es bastante rápido, muy fluido al intercambiar de una pantalla a la otra. El touch screen es realmente bueno, sobre todo para alguien como yo que en su vida había probado un celular o cualquier equipo touch screen, después de un ratito te acostumbras ;) el único inconveniente que le veo hasta ahora y no es realmente un inconveniente es que el equipo no me vino con una targeta micro sd como es la costumbre en este tipo de equipos, y sin esta sencillamente no puedes disfrutar de este como se debe, si es posible y lo consigues traten de obtener una memoria micro sd que sea por lo menos clase 6 y con las debidas configuraciones tendrás un equipo demasiado buenooooooo.En definitiva la relación precio/valor de este celular es una de las mejores que hay actualmente en el mercado, antes de comprarlo realice una búsqueda realmente extensa para tomar una decisión acertada y lo hice. Migre de un blackberry a este equipo con android, instale Whatsapp (Todos mis contanctos en blackberry tienen whatsapp) y ahora disfruto de un exelente equipo sin sacrificar ningún tipo de conectividad con mis amigos.Realmente feliz con la compra.
This is a geat phone! It looks cool, feels really good in your hand and is easy to use. I believe this model description says it comes with fryo 2.2 but it actually comes with an upgrade to 2.3. The box also contained a black and white plastic cover for the phone. Both of these were a nice surprise. The picture is clear and really nice. Netflix works really well. Android system allows for an endless supply of apps. I wanted to get an otterbox cover for this phone but it dosnt appear they make one. Oh well. The phone has been great and I would highly recommend it.
I've been using the phone for two weeks, until now everithing is ok. The phone is easy to use, intuitive and fast.You can find lots of apps for everithing, and they work fine.The only things that i don't like are the battery and the lack of an included micro sd card. I have to charge the phone twice a day if i use normally on internet and etc.. I hoped that for the price the phone include a micro sd but it doesn't.So i recomend the phone, it will do almost everithing that you need. Don't waste your money on expensive phones just for the brand.
El teleffunciona excelente y funciona en la red 850 del ice de costa rica por si tienen la duda si compran este telefono asegurece que sea version L de latinoamerica que es la que funciona con la banda 3g del ice .el telefono es muy bonito super funcional nada que envidiarle a un iphone lo unico malo que veo hasta el momento es que algunos programas se almacenan en la memoria interna y la capacidad del telefono es muy poco
Very good phone,well build but with 3 problems1-Ram memory 272mb2-Battery (must be charged every day)3-800mhz procesor not fast enoughAfter upgrade to gingerbread(kies) looks better but same speedNetflix is very slow.
Dear all, so far so good. The phone is showing to handly the job. Good product for the price. I recommend it.
* el telefonito se siente bien, comodo en la palma de la mano, diseño de buen ver, minimalista, muy parecido al iphone 4.* la pantalla de 320 x 480 pixels, 3.5 pulgadas gorilla glass resistente a rayones (evita incomodos protectores de pantalla)* 800 MHz ARM 11 processor, Adreno 200 GPU, Qualcomm MSM7227 chipset, 181MB de almacenamiento interno y 279 Mb de ram corre bien bastantes aplicaciones, se siente rapido, por supuesto hay sus excepciones* este modelo es el 5830L (en teoria para el mercado latino) las bandas 850/900/1800/1900 GSM y HSDPA 850/1900 MHz 3Gconfirmado el 3g funciona perfectamente en Costa Rica con el ICE(HSDPA 850Mhz)* el galaxy Ace viene con froyo 2.2 (actualizable a gingerbread 2.3.4)NO SE RECOMIENDA INTALAR LA VERSION EUROPEA DE GINGER 2.3.3, da varios problemas como parpadeo de pantalla, error con wi-fi, problemas con el gps y pobre desmpeño de la micro-SDya la rom para este modelo esta en la red y funciona a la perfeccioncosas a tomar en cuenta:*la duracion de la bateria es pesima, 1 dia... maximo dia y medio*no corre el adobe flash aun con ginger instaladopor lo demas muy feliz con la compra
Just added memory card, GSM Chip and it works on 850Hz /3G. It is very fast and screen is good. My first Android phone, have not updated Android System since it requires a PC and I work from a Mac.
The Samsung Galaxy is one of the best phones that I have acquired the function is comprehensive and delivery was at the time there was no objection
I bought this to my mother and i think is great. You can install all those important apps people use nowadays .
This smartphone has good quality.if you do not need to install many programs, and you are not interested in playing, I suggest you buy it.
buen producto
I ordered and received this phone within a week. It came in full packaging and has everything: earphones, USB cable, memory card, users manual. I'm pretty satisfied.
i just bought this for my friend, it's a good phone with android apps.. but the shape is lil bit old fashioned...
Prior to owning this phone I was very displeased with my non-android phone. The Galaxy Ace was actually my first android phone, and it exceeded my expectations. Everything runs pretty smoothly (with the exception of buffering with the samsung keyboard while texting, and loading some applications) and can handle multiple running applications at once. I absolutely love it and would definitely recommend it to a first time android-user.
I am so happy with thiis cell.my son used and then my husband is using righ now. He es happy with the cell and he say me that is very goog cell.
exelente producto se los recomindo llego justo a tiempo buen trato por el venddor muy buena calidad funciona perfecto con movistar venezuela
excellent highly recommend the team reached efficiently and in good condition excellent thank you very much for such a good recectividad
Excelente producto muy completo y de facil manejo, en Venezuela aplica a la telefonia Movilnet sin problemas. Lo recomiendo 100%
Great phone, its awesome and very nice , Great phone, its awesome and very nice, Great phone, its awesome and very nice
Galaxy, whwewver versions, is a great gadget is an excellente cell phone. I recomend it. I rate this product very good
I like this phone. It is easy to use and very good with satalite/gps apps. It is a fast processing phone that can keep up the fastest app user.
Excellent onald delgado Excellent muy bueno para comprar lo haria otra vez super bien voy hacerlo cuado tenga plata eso sera en seis meses
RAPIDA LA RESPUESTA, TIENE LO QUE ESTABA BUSCANDO, LOS PRECIOS SON ACCESIBLES, EL PRODUCTO ES NUEVO Y ESPECIFICAN EL PRODUCTO
its a very good product and i have no problems with it.. it was in a really good shappe. thanks
funciona perfecto en movistar Venezuela y las fechas de entregas pautadas se realizaron sin novedad a a a a a,
I like it however battery is awful.I can use just one day with full battery also light phone, it's not heavy as iphone.
Funciona genial en Venezuela tiene señal 3 g con movilnet recomendado y excelente el producto!!! Gracias por la rapidez en el envio
compre el producto desde venezula, me encanta esta marca y modelo de telefono por la amplia cantidad de funciones y verstilidad, lo recomiendo 100%
It is a good phone. The only thing I can criticize is its low memory for applications, just 190 MB, that is filled with a 4 or 5 important applications such as Facebook, Twitter and an antivirus or cache cleaner. Otherwise it is a good buy.
Excelente producto y de altísima calidad a muy buen precio lo recomiendo amplia mente a todas las personas que quieran adquirirlo.
fue descrito igual a la pagina, la atención fue muy buena, el tiempo estimado para la llegada del pantalón fue el indicado rapido
I recommend it 100%. Is just i expected. The only problem is with the battery, the lifetime is very short, but this is normal with the smart phones.
When it comes to smartphones, I buy stuff and not brand. My BlackBerry 9700 just decided to die on me out of nowhere, so I'm in a tight budget to have a phone. Samsung is always my go-to in unplanned situation, so here I am. I don't mind the outdated OS, since I don't really work using my phone. Apps and stuff are easy to navigate and add. The camera is of good quality, but I haven't tried taking pictures at night. The speaker is good, too. Plus, mine comes with an extra back casing in white. Perhaps the only thing I haven't tried is using this outside the US. I hope I'll be able to soon.
It's a nice phone, has gingerbread android and the camera is nice too, the only problem about this model is the internal memory that is really low you have like 30mb free to install apps
Nice weight, very fast response when you touch the screen and in general has a very fast performance. The camara is fine.
Very good experience. Only thing I dont like is that the alarm will not work unless the phone is on. Maybe Samsung should develop its own app instead of using Android's alarm.
hello to amazon and hasslemy name is missihoun enagnon.I purchase my Samsung galaxy ace S5830 from hassle via amazon just 2 months ago for $204. But someone close to me into the bus Z8 to silver spring stole it yesterday in my jacket pocket.I can't call, ckeck the bus time, set the morning alarm to wake up morning to job. It look like I lost a part of me in my live. I'm so sad cause I did economy for 5 months to pay cash this phone.I love the phone but I lost it with the skin and 16G memory card and all my photos. i'm so disappointed and I wanna ask if there is any possibility to track this phone and find it.thanks a lot to help me find that beautiful phone.Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version
I detail that the seller does not come with Spanish language,, but otherwise all good....
Great phone for the price! Buy this phone only from this seller. It came with a short note about installation from the seller alongwith a 4 GB SD card with adapter and a white back cover as well! I wanted a white phone , so ordered it from a different seller. That phone looked used, the back cover didn't even fit and did not come with SD card, I am returning tht phone and re-ordering another one from this seller. If you plan to buy this phone, buy it only from this seller.If you are planning to buy this for seniors , I highly recommend the Big Launcher app .
Very good
very satisfied excellent throughout
excelente!!
it is a good quality product with many necessary features and functions.the battery charged stays longer. light weight product
This phone is just great and it just works. It is very easy to use and the reception quality is awesome.
I really like the product. The phone is great. My sisters love the fact that I have finally upgraded. I had some many compliments on this product
That was a really good purchase.and fulfiled my expectation in 100%.thanks for be honest with your customers.Thanks again.
My daughter is a recent high school graduate and this was a present for her. It was her first smart phone.She did not put it down for 2 whole days. She was sure there was a front facing camera, but we googled it andfound out that was not the case.
I just love phone, clear graphics and works perfectly.It is comparable to the HTC Evo4G with the exception of dual facing camera. Its my favorite.
This is my 1st smartphone & like it very much. Good battery life. Very lightweight. Looks sleek and appealing. V fast wi-fi. GPS is amazing.I did not give 5 stars due to:- T-Mobile does not support 3G or 4G on this device. They say, they use 1700/2100, that this phone doesn't support.- Phone slows down at times.Otherwise this is the best I could get for around $240
So happy with this. Great pre-sales support from seller to answer my questions on specs etc. Shipped immediately and I got the phone the very next day (paid <$4). The phone itself is awesome for my first android, exactly what I needed. Goodbye iPhone! Came with Gingerbread installed. Be sure to check your carrier's 3G and cell bands before buying. There are two versions of this phone and one will not work in the U.S. with AT&T etc. This is the one that will.Will see about the battery life that many have complained about.
Serious company, the team reached better than I thought, is the latest operating system Android on the Samsung Ace, I congratulate and highly recommend them, five stars for them.
my frst smartphone...very fast delivery,comes with extra white back cover.everythng installed, ready to use.elegant outlook,if u r looking fr a smartphn under ths range..so go fr it dnt waste money on costly phones...!!only no sd card with it..bt thts ok..luving my new phone.everythng wrks fine till nw..
I purchased this phone for a couple of months and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation, and I went from having a regular phone to this incredibly functional gadget and change has been a noticeable leap, its 800 mHz processor is quite fast and efficient. The touch screen is very good quality, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), decent amazing definition and brightness. It's camera takes pictures of acceptable quality, and the video runs smoothly. The size of the phone without being small makes it suitable for carrying in your pocket without a problem, or the discomfort of smartphones largest and highest range and price.Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use and I love power because all you can do with a phone and more!Works great with the 3G network from my country (Costa Rica). Simply insert the SIM and voila, a few minutes I was conected and running properly, I did not think it would be so simple to be honest!The only negative thing I could say so far is the short battery life when using multiple functions simultaneously (common problem with smartphones) as already mentioned in other grades here ... But this is easily solved with an extra charger in the office and at home, and upload daily ... jeje!At last I can recommend this phone without fear for those who like me (not being a fan for the latest in technology) nedd the benefits of a smartphone that have a good average performance, but with several extra applications that allow you to grow and evolve according to your needs as a user ... By the way I wrote this review from my phone, which I think is really amazing!Adquirí este telefono desde hace un par de meses y para ser sincero es mi primer experiencia con smartphones, debido a esto me ha tomado varios dias para familiarizarme con su funcionamiento, ya que pasé de tener un telefono regular a este increiblemente funcional aparatito y el cambio ha sido un salto cualitativo notorio, su procesador de 800 mhz es bastante rapido y eficiente. La pantalla tactil es de muy buena calidad, sensible, resistente a rayones (gorilla glass), con decente definicion y brillos asombrosos. Su camara toma fotos de una calidad aceptable, y el video corre muy bien. El tamaño del telefono sin ser pequeño, lo hace adecuado para llevarlo en el bolsillo sin mayor problema, ni la incomodidad de smartphones mas grandes y de mayor rango y precio.Android como sistema operattivo es muy amigable e intuitivo, facil de usar y me encanta ya que potencia todo lo que puedes hacer con un telefono y mas!Funciona muy bien con la red 3G de mi pais (Costa Rica). Simplemente insertar el SIM y listo, a los pocos minutos ya estaba enlazado y funcionando adecudamente, no crei que seria tan sencillo para ser honestos!La unica cosa negativa que podria decir hasta ahora es la corta duracion de la bateria al usar varias funciones simultaneamente (problema comun con los smartphones) como ya lo han mencionado en otras calificaciones aqui... Pero esto es facilmente solucionable con un cargador extra en la oficina y otro en casa, y cargarlo diariamente... jeje!En fin puedo recomendar sin temores a este telefono para aquellos que como yo (sin ser un fanatico por lo ultimo en tecnolgia) ocupamos los beneficios de un buen smartphone de desempeño medio, pero con varias aplicaciones extra que te permitan crecer segun tus necesidades y evolucionar como usuario... Por cierto he escrito esta critica desde mi telefono; lo cual me parece asombroso!!!
This phone is unlocked alright, but comes from Chile. Now, I don't know if that covers warranty in the US.The language is Spanish when you start up the phone. Also, a lot of wasted apps are pre-installed.
Very pleased of this phone's permonance. Nice looking and very handy. Only issue is no Flash player support. overall Worth for price.
My dad loves it
excelent very good
Ok
Very good product, I recommend
Thanks so much
Excellent
Love this phone.
It worked great, but it did not meet the international requirements for China. No Chinese language available for this phone.
Excellent phone! Works in Saint Lucia with LIME network ! Neat ,compact, affordable. However, did not come with memory card.
very good product, recommended surely works perfectly, I have no complaints or the product or the seller. brought complete accessories all really very safe
el producto llego en el tiempo especificado, es excelente teléfono de gama media me ha ido muy bien con el
el producto llego a tiempo y esta como dijo el venededor excelente producto, el vendedor es 100% confiable y recomendado
I personally prefer a Blackberry, but I bought this phone for my brother. I'd recommend Samsung Galaxy to anyone who's interested.
I purchased this phone for my fiance for Valentine's Day as his first smartphone and he absolutely loves it. As a first time smartphone user it only took him a day to figure how to operate it for the most part; but, he's a very smart guy and loves electronics. This phone is incredible, very functional and quite fast and efficient. The battery life is better than my Iphone and he loves that the most about this phone. The touch screen is very good, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), and awesome definition and brightness, the camera takes awesome pictures and I belive the quality of the video it's pretty good too. The size of the phone it's great, very lightweight and very suitable for carrying in your pocket or any purse without a problem, its a little smaller than most smartphones of the same range and price which is a great feature. This phone works great with the 3G network and existing SIM card.I would certainly recommend this phone without hesitation to anyone whether is your first smartphone or you're a savvy of the latest technology.
excellent product, arrived in good condition. very well packed and in time. very good phone for the functional and beautiful design
es buen teléfono no he tenido problemas con el, es rápido, lo recomiendo, solo un pequeño detalle que la batería dura poco tiempo.
esta super pavo el articulo me encanta, super economico , perfecto para mi gusto , eficiente, rapido y el vendedor lo recomiendo mi articulo como lo pedi
todo perfecto como lo describianlo recomiendo.. sigan asi..todo perfecto como lo describianlo recomiendo.. sigan asi.. mejor imposibletodo perfecto como lo describianlo recomiendo.. sigan asi..todo perfecto como lo describianlo recomiendo.. sigan asi.. mejor imposible
This phone works well internationally with GSM chips. It made a great birthday gift, and the new owner has had no problems with this phone since I purchased it for them. Infact I can not get them to put it down! The speed at which we can get on the internet is amazingly fast, and the phone is very light. The downloading of apps is swift, easy and numerous. The only thing this phone does not have is a flash light.
I still have alot to learn about this phone but so far it is good. Especially when it enables me to access so many of these apps for free in customizing my phone, the picture quality is great.
This product meets all expectations that I needed.I like the state as arrival at their destination. Brand new.I highly recommend this product for its excellent quality.The quality and functionality of the item is much better than similar.
This team I can say that was really what I expected and needed. Super regarding operating system, fast and as such complies with the specifications upon receipt insert my chip and I could use'm from Venezuela and works perfectly. 100% recommended.
I loved this phone, bought it for my brother who lives in Russia. It works with Russian carriers. The screen is bright and super responsive, I love it. The only problem is it doesn't support Russian Language, just English, Portuguese, and something else... I downloaded Russian Language apps, but it only supports the keyboard, the phone is still in English. I guess it's time for my bro to learn the language. In general, I am very happy with this product.
El telefono esta en perfectas condiciones tal como los ofrecenTodo esta en orden, funciona perfecto para movilnet.El precio esta bien economico
I purchased this phone because I was switching from BlackBerry to Android for app compatibility reasons. The only major complaint I have about the Samsung Galaxy Ace is the battery life. Prolonged internet browsing and media playing pulls greatly on the battery life. Other than that, I am very satisfied with my purchase.
It is a good product and it is value for money. I am very satisfied and happy with my purchase.
Love this, it has all the latest tech as any other smart phone, very sleek to the touch and fits perfectly in my palm.
It is perfect for what I need it for, I don't have a data plan and I was worried when most sellers told me I would need one and I don't :-) I am very pleased with this phone, and I would recommend this to anyone.
It's a fancy phone, multiple applications, easy to use, nice design and let me stay in touch with my friends an news trought social networks...
Good phone for the price. Pros : light weight, good screen visual even in sun. Cons - discharges fast ; low speaker volume
I really like my new Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace. This phone is a great smart phone, light, perfect size and great camera. Love it!
Doesn't have an usefull manual, but it's ok. Asking friend and toching button you can learn to use it well. To connect to the computer, please learn it at youtube.
I am pleased with the purchase of the product purchase online on this store, recommend and hopefully make future purchases in the same, because they are really acceptable.
excellent shop, 100% attentive and responsible, was just what I needed, and is the right size, I recommend it for future negotiations.
looking for unlocked gsm phone has great android os, fast, relatively cheap. good camera. easy to use. small enough for my daughter.
For those who will buy this phone and will use it outside US, don't forget to check out the 3G band frequency of your region.This cell phone works fine at 1900 MHz 3G band, but some conutries like Brazil uses a 2100 MHz 3G band frequency.Atenção brasileiros. Este telefone não funciona a banda 3G no Brasil. Ele menciona ser quadriband, e é mas na banda GSM. A banda 3G é de 1900 MHz e no Brasil usa-se a 2100 MHz. Exceto o 3G, ele funcionará normalmente.Saudações.
This has all the features that she didn't have in her 2+ year old Samsung phone. The swipe text feature is very nice.
It a good phone for the price. Its small and handy and fits right into your palm. It came with the latest Android OS of that time.
so when i order i feel ok that its not a fake orderhard to put it onyes to my frends
A Christmas present for one of my daughters - the pickiest of my children. She seems to love it. I cannot deal with typing on the touch screen. But she is a convert. Good value-for-money.
I love this gadget although I did not used it due to compatibility issue to the country that I am going to for vacation. But I will highly recommend this to everyone.
It's a Samsung! I will recommend it to friends and whoever need an unlocked for international use with any GSM especially in Nigeria.
I am happy with the quality of the product. Functional and in perfect condition. Work very good. I'm happy. Thak you
although it is quite limited memory, but it meets my expectations, it is quite useful in my work and in my daily life
excelent
the product is very good, it's just what I had bought, if they would recommendthe product is very good, it's just what I had bought, if they would recommend
The cellphone works fine, it just needs patience and the guy from Extra Virgin Tech is a reliable caring one. Please notice that this cellphone is only a US unlocked version and not the international vertion
I bought it to use overseas and it worked just fine. One drawback is its not easy to store apps & pics on the memory card.
I'm happy with this. The only complain I have is the memory amount. I only downloaded facebook and twitter and I keep running out of memory
Awesome phone for its price.I bought this for my father and he liked it very much. It came unlocked. Language is not English by default, that can be changed in settings though.This is not a high end model, however only thing I would have wished in this model is secondary camera.
Worked pretty well for me. The only drawback was having the older Android version. Other then that its a good phone
I bought 3 and the 3 cell phones work perfectly,Are international version and unlocked, which is perfect because i'm in Venezuela. I love it.
is a great quality product 100% recommend, for me excellent 5 stars, I really like it, good as it is a good quality product, the seller is a responsible person who respects the delivery time is very punctual, I recommend it 100%
Needed a phone as I just lost mine AT&T great hook up and I love the size and screen size
This phone is a complete smartphone in all senses: High speed 3G Internet, a good camera, Word, Excel, PP & Acrobat compatible management software, 32 GB SD Card capacity, etc. at a VERY convenient price. Gorilla glass & reliable construction seems to be capable to withstand accidental falls & more. Enough RAM memory for normal use.I'm very pleased with this phone. Only complaint: Video recording performance should be better.
Fantastic Android smart phone. Inexpensive way to get a smartphone ( assuming WiFi data is all you need ) without having to pay for an expensive contract and data plan.
este producto satisface mi expectativas para el uso que se le va a dar un buen producto ----la entrega fue rapida todo perfecto muchas gracias a todos ----
Very good phone for the money, brand new in original box, English interface. Short battery life if you use a lot of application, othewise no problem. Work great with ATT Prepaid Plans. Will recommend :))
Nice phone!
Every thing is ok, time and product, i m using it in this moment at home with the family thanks to god
I really liked this phone. I bought it several years ago and I save it as my backup phone in case anything happens do my new phone.
all good I feel awsome whit it, the phone came perfect and work is well, expectation achieve, I recommen that
I love this little phone. It would almost be perfect for me if it had more internal memory and I think I would appreciate a tiny bit more screen size. I have a 32 GB card in there, but it needs internal memory to hold many apps. I do not believe myself to be a very big app person, but you have to be an incredibly basic app person to find this to be adequate. I have dropped this phone countless times. I may even have dropped it off a roof (I'm a roofer). No need for a screen protector. I've never really used the case and I know I've dropped it face down in rocks before. In 2 years of abuse I think I have one tiny scratch on the screen that I barely notice. I want to get a Moto G now...I hope it isn't too bulky and huge! I used this phone with Att and used the unlimited data with tethering (att didn't know). I then used this phone on a prepaid Gophone plan and tethered their unlimited data for a basic phone for a month and a half before they saw the countless GB I used and shut off the data. Now I use it with an actual smartphone plan on Gophone. I took it to Nigeria and popped in the MTN sim card and it worked perfectly fine. I only wish I could make this screen a tiny bit bigger and upgrade the internal memory.
Excellent purchase. The cellphone came completly new with its manual, charger, earphone, usb cable. I am very happy with it. And was shipped in time
hola señores es para informarle que el envio realizado de este producto no llego solo recibi los otros dos quisiera saber que sucedio con el envio del samsung galaxy s5830
A friend asked me to purchase this Galaxy Ace to use it in two different countries. So far, he has used it in one of the countries and is very happy.
EXCELENTE PROC DUCTO RECOMIENDO BIEN .... . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . .
excelente compra 100% garantizado se los recomiendo llego a tiempo y el telefono es lo maximo me encanto gracias chao
For being on the budget that I am on and getting in the world of texting more strictly for my job and the data it holds it works great.
un buen equipo muy rapido con todos sus accesorios, lo malo es q no trae memoria, me llego rapido y todo en buen estado
great product. Hooked up with a straight talk sim card and it works well. wife loves it and I find it easy to use.
the phone is a great phone only it did not have a front facing camera. i like the phone. thanks
I bought this as a gift for my cousin and she has no complaints. The packaging was brand new and the shipping was on time. It has all the specifications that you could possibly want without being overly expensive.
I bought it because of it is convenient and affordableI can recomend this product to everybodyIt`s perfectly adaptable and the display is clear and quick
very good phone, works great and easy handling really like this phone!is not complicated and your system is doing very well!
The phone is fine and it's serving it's purpose. The only problem I have is that it comes with only 4gb of ram. The ability to add memory is helpful
I was started looking for the unlocked phone after broke the old one ( Sony Ericsson ) because i am so tired with contract( 2 years agreement ) . Finally, i found the phone in amazon web . It is Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace. Slim/Light, 11 Hours talk Times ,3G Speed and Great Price with my budget. I was ordered two Phones and some accessories. I got them all what they said the delivery date. This is the first time order experience with amazon and i was surprise of their excellent service.Thanks Amazon for your Excellent Service.
It's a very nice phone. The screen is nice, and the resolution and colors are awesome. One thing I didn't like is the fact that sometimes it freezes and you must shut it down, or sometimes it becomes slow. It's probably because of the amount of internal memory the phone has. If it had more memory and a front facing camera, it would make this phone awesome.
I bought this phone for my wife at the same time I bought the Galaxy Note 1. I decided on this one because although she doesn't need a lot of bells & whistles I wanted her to have a functional smartphone that didn't cost an arm & a leg. This phone has everything she wanted + a little more. At first there was an issue w/ the phone shutting off after 'waking up' from stand-by mode but I looked into the problem online & found A-LOT of complaints about this very problem. The solution came from an Android forum that said the problem lies w/ when the phone went into sleep mode the WiFi goes off then restarts on wake. I read that if we go into the WiFi menu> advanced settings> WiFi sleep> and select "Never" that this should solve the issue. Well it did, I think it shut off maybe once or twice more after selecting "Never" in the menu but has completely stopped jamming u[p/shutting off for the month since I'd changed the setting. All in all, a cool little phone w/ a very nice looking and moderately sized screen that looks and acts like a much more expensive full touchscreen smartphone.
me gusto mucho lo recomiendo como el fabricante como el vendedor,buen navegador buen teléfono me gusto mucho si lo desean comprar se lo recomiendo
Excelente telefono, llegó a tiempo sin ninguna complicacion y hasta ahora a funcionado perfectamente aqui en Venezuela con línea movilnet.
I have been using this phone for about a month now and there isn't anything that I can really complain about! It's awesome! It's light, great resolution and has good sound quality.The speaker is not that loud but it works just fine for me.I am glad I got this!
The cellphones is a really good product. I really like it and am very pleased with my new acquisitionThanks
This phone was everything i wanted in a phone, i could download sip phones to accept calls over voip and also use magic jack app too. I can make calls at no cost with the magic jack app and it is crystal clear. I can talk and the phone writes what i say, so no more typing text and emails. Talk to it and it searches for location or anything i want in google. It is a great phone, i can only imagine what the other Samsung Galaxy Phones can do.
Is a nice phone, the display is too small, hard to use, i buy the Samsung captivity for the same price and is better than this
Excellent phone, only problem is that the announcement of Amazon.com said HSDPA 850/1900 and sent me the version HSDPA 900/2100.Overall the phone arrived in good condition, delivery was quick.Excelente teléfono, lo único malo es que en el anuncio de Amazon.com decía HSDPA 850/1900 y me enviaron la versión HSDPA 900/2100.En general el teléfono llegó en buen estado, la entrega fue rápida.
Nice phone, got it for my wife, after she was using old flip phone for past 10 years, it is a learning curve. it has a lot of features, easy to set up and use. Needs to be charged every day.
I bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it! As a matter of fact she loves it so much that I can't get her away form it! Light and pretty easy to use. I'm happy that I got it for her.
I simply love it, at first I was scared becuase it came a little late but then, I was so happy. It works perfectly, actually I used it to write this. I've read that the battery doesn't lasts a lot but the one which my phone bringed lasts 12 hours!!!!
I have been unhappy with my phone for a while. My brother-in-law told me to buy an unlocked phone and hop on his family plan with him and we would just split the bill. Great phone for the price. Feels light but with a case it has a great feel to it. Haven't really gotten to play around with it that much because I am in school but from what I can tell this is a great phone. Will look into buying from buyer for an upgrade in the future. Fast and speedy delivery!
Bought this for my uncle. It's been a few months and it works well so far. No major complains. One thing to note is that the skype app for this version of android won't support video calling but alternative apps (like tango) offering the same exist. Also, I found out after I made the purchase that because the phone is unlocked it won't come with extra accessories like the headphones or the flash memory card.
This was a replacement for an annual contract phone that got dropped and doesn't work anymore. Didn't want to spend too much. It doesn't have all the features of the previous phone, but the touch screen works well, picks up wifi and the calls are good. Overall pleased with this replacement.
es de excelente servicio de buena calidad sus productos con una rápida entrega y sin inconvenientes alguno, 100 % recomendado
I recommend this phine, with small price and high feature as mentioned in phone description . . . . ......
I love this phone, its a galaxy tab on a budget. It took a while to transition from a Blackberry but so far so good. The camera quality is great and so is the overall resolution
excelente producto , tiempo exacto de llegada y totalmente nuevo y excelente precio. reomendado totalmente vendedor muy serio . .
I like Samsung phones. I like the graphics and the camera resolution, but I will upgrade next year and get an even better camera.
very good product and excellent condition 100% recommended android 2.3 and 5 megapixel camera with wifi and 3g bands is excellent for Venezuela
I love My smarphone!Thank very much!!Its a very machine of smarphone and work very Good whith me chip claro s.a
Escribo desde venezuela y el telefono funciona sin problema alguno en red 3G. Llego a tiempo y sin problemas, lo recomiendo!
I like this phone. My biggest complaint is the lack of internal memory which limits the amount of apps I can install. It's a good entry level phone for those just moving to a smartphone.
It went very well, very grateful, excellent product, received on time, a very good experience, I will be back to buy the product
Good item for the price.
I love this product. Its now a year i have bought it and it works perfect. Best smart phone for beginners
Excellent cell phone. it can be rooted, and install any ROM for this phone wha do you want. Only one limitation: internal storage, too small 188Mb. You can download an app (link2SD) to move the apps to a SD (recommended 16 Gb)and store only the apps that comes in SYSTEM inside the phone's memory. there are a lot of functions to be discovered in this phone. I know there are one ROM by cyanogenmod that can be installed, (JB). I recommend 2 batteries and a wallcharger.AAA seller, Excellent product for the price. Thanks AMAZON MARKETPLACE.
very good
I don't no known
Works. good phone.
i love it!
100% recomended
Works perfectly
excellent product, I recommend it, it would buy
Perfect.
good
Great phone!
bien
exelnt
everything perfect with the product. recommended
Ok
good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident very good
Works well with my phone. I recently took the screen off and put a new one on. After couple years of using my phone, my screen is still perfectly clear. No scratch. The screen protector did what is supposed to be doing - protect the screen.
good phone usable in venezuela, excellent product,arrived in perfect conditions, and is just what I needed, i say good price goos product
the product in perfect condition, excellent device unlocked very good size and very useful and visible applications. thank you very much.
I bought it for my personal use, has a good camera for photos and a good description, I like the size and design is perfect.
Phone individually is awesome.. Everything came with the phone! AC adapter, wall charger headset ECT... It does work with the ATT network! Although the phone is great it comes with NO external memory.. You will have to purchase it yourself.. Phone is fast.. DEf worth the price!
I bought this Samsung phone after being tormented by software problems from my Nokia phones. This is my first phone from Samsung and my first phone from any other brand apart from Nokia. But I am very happy with this purchase. Great phone. Good battery life.Different apps are running good and easy to use. I will recommend this phone.
I got this phone a month ago and it works pretty good. There's only a few things I don't really like about it like that sometimes it can be really slow when doing just normal things like trying to get to my messages or unlocking the phone. Also, I don't have a lot of apps on it but already the internal memory is basically full. I wish it came with more internal memory. The battery life is alright, could be better and it get's annoying when you have less than half of battery life it won't let you use the camera. Other than these minor issues I think the phones pretty good.
Overall good.it has nice outlook.picture quality is also good.but battery charge doesn't last long.some function is complecated.soud quality is not bad.came with a nice white back cover which is cool
the phone came quick and the it was in great condition. the phone was also working fine and so far there has not been any problems. highly recommended.
Phone is great, for a low price cell. It works fine with all the apps I have installed. It also comes in 2 colors. Camera takes really nice pictures.
Phone is easy to use, came with several features that are outstanding. The navigation is wonderful! Bought it for my daughter, but now would like one for myself!!!
Excellent cell phone, cheaper than other smart phones, more expensive and less user friendly, superior OS, cpu faster.Light and many app available in the android market, do not reset, do not overheat, finally a good cell where you look, some are more rapid but this suits my needs: receive email, follow tweets, maps, see videos, utility app, games, etc.Excelente telefono celular, mas economico que otros telefonos inteligentes, mas caros y menos amigables al usuario, SO superior, cpu rapido.Liviano y muchas app disponibles en el android market, no hay que resetear, no recalienta, en fin es un buen celular por donde se mire, algunos son mas veloces pero este se adapta a mis necesidades: recibir correos, seguir tweets, mapas, ver videos, app utilitarias, juegos, etc.sorry for my English!
Loved phone ... Had no problem Loved not paying high cell phone companies pricesWorks well lighter then I though ... and Camera on phone really take decent picturesGlad I bought it
Brand new, completely unlocked! Started using T-mobile pre paid card right away with out any problem! Even connected to Wi Fi without any trouble.
Good phone, it works perfectly, I thought I would have problems with unlocking, but worked great. I recommend you to all my friends.
Bought it for a friend and she loving it. Compared to the phone she had before this one surpassed expectation. For the price and the features it have....can't complain!
Very Good cell phone in as per the price. The Battery is amazing... and the features are also very good.
The Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace phone is really good, Good value for money, has most of the features offered by costly smart phones. The battery is really good, when charged fully it remains for 3-4 days (Calls only). Good for tours, i was able to take about 300+ photos without re-charging the phone again.
I bought this phone for my boyfriend who lives in Costa Rica. It came exactly as described from OG Wireless (Open Group Wireless). I used my SIM card to test it and it worked perfectly! I am assuming it will work just as well with his SIM card in Costa Rica. I can't wait to give it to him! And frankly, I wish I had bought one for myself! Unlocked phones are the way to go! Don't get caught up in cellular contract deals! Buy a phone you can use anywhere with any SIM card! Phone came in original packaging with all the clear protectors like any brand new phone. Quick delivery time. Nothing but good things to say about this seller!
Great item and purchase experience. It was received right on time. The item have not presented any problem, it works correctly in Ecuador.
is very fast and very cute, I love it, applications are great and has a very good camera both photography and video I recommend it 100%
The phone has been easy to use and very versatile. I have not yet traveled to a foreign country, but I trust it will work as well there as the U. S.
well, I want to say thanks for sending the phone, I was debating weather yes or no to get it and once I got it, I had to keep this phone. Really beautiful. This is a gift and hoping not to have troubles with it. It arrived on time.Placed the battery on it and turned it on. love the screen and I am sure the person getting it will love it. I sugggest strongly this seller and great Job!!!!
The phone itself is fine, does about everything it supposed to do. My only complain comes with the memory department, its just to small. I dont have that many apps on the phone and im allready getting memory warnings. I've had to erase several not vital apps in order to have enough space for the vital apps. So thats why the minus one star. Overall good phone to start with if you are a noob with Android system. Would recomend? YES.
This is a nice little phone for the price. I'm glad it wasn't hard to use cause everything was in Spanish. The phone was in good condition and it shipped quickly.
Good basic phone.
EXCELENTE
Efficient n fast service
great phone
it is a good cell phone
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
Great
great phone for the price... looks like an iphone but cost 60% less... nice screen, icons, feels great... you just gotta love it!
Bought this for my mother and she's very happy with it. Is a nice phone and a good way to start into using smartphones. Works great with the local carrier.
I like the cellphone. I bought it as a gift to a friend in Venezuela but the cellphone had some problems connecting to Internet using DIGITEL, I'm trying to solve it before give it to my friend, but everything else is just OK. It's a great phone.
it was exactly what I had thought it to be.I know it will make perfect present to that wonderful person.Thanks.
This phone is work great for me like I said I love it, it has so many features, i told my aunt about my phone and she got one.
Is a very good phone and good relationship price/value ..and of course, other phones are more fast than this,,but, for the basic funtions in one smartphone,, is fine
for my first smart phone i am glad i chose this one. the only thing that i have an issue with is that the phone will- out of the blue just shut off. its an easy fix, just pop the battery out- it is an inconvenience- but an easy fix.
I got this phone for my brother in Kenya and he loves it, it was a good buy and priced right.
I just bought a third because I had two other ones stolen. I was thinking of trying another phone but decided I'd go with what I know and like.I actually love the phone. I used a Galaxy S for a while and thought it too big. This is the iPhone copy that has more screen space, less weight and softer feel.People talk of battery life but if you don't have constant updates of all your things (Facebook, email, etc.), I have had my battery last 4 days with not much use (some txting, calls and emails), 2 days with heavy use. I use my phone to call and txt, WhatsApp txt, and check Gmail; I'm not a Facebook maniac, play games (except chess), and have to be constantly checking it; nor do I browse that often on it. I use it to calculate things, unit conversions, read newspapers, translate languages.But you have to take care of your (any) battery: over charge the first charge, you don't let the battery die completely (turn off before that), and after it gets to 100% charge, you disconnect the charger. Anything else you'll kill how long the battery will last.Never thought that I would worry that much, but the camera is great for just 5MP, taking great, vibrantly colored photos. The flash is very strong and works great with a Flashlight App. I love the panoramic shots.You do have to buy the correct version for your country to get the 3G features. The phone will work, just not the 3G aspect. I'm in South America so this one works for me.All told I'm happy I didn't move to another phone and stuck with the Ace.
Muy buen Producto!!!, tal como lo quería, completo y con todo lo que decía la publicidad. me funciono perfecto con mi compañía de telefonía local en Venezuela.
The phone is great. It came unlocked, all I had to do was insert a sim. It is a little small, but I knew the specs before I purchased it. I am little disappointed that I am unable to block unwanted numbers and texts, but I will get over it or change the phone.
Its a good model with a older android version. Was able to connect via WiFi immediately and recognized T-Mobile pre-paid card.I purchased this and 3 Sony phones from Amazon. Found following model from Sony more elegant and clear in resolution.http://www.amazon.com/Sony-ST25A-BW-Unlocked-3-5-Inch-Touchscreen--U-S/dp/B008D09MT4/ref=sr_1_cc_2?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1351960555&sr=1-2-catcorr&keywords=Sony+Xperia+U+ST25A-BP+Unlocked+Phone
This is a great phone for fantastic price with all features you need to call it Smart Phone,top quality and easy to use all over the world
Works very well. Good CPU speed despite relatively low price of phone.I am very satisfied thus far.No mini SD included.Looking forward to using it in Denmark in August. Will let you know if everything's okay.
works well. battery life about 2 weeks. i do like the weight, size and system. could not be the latest technology, but has everything I need for a good price.
I'm in Venezuela the phone did not present any problem to activate my line. Excellent phone, practical and functional, rather faster in its functions, is useful for my work, I can manage my email accounts and surf the internet quite quickly
I ordered this phone after reading reviews and determining that I didn't want to spend so much money for a cell phone as what you normally end up paying through a cell phone company. I've always had good luck with returns on purchases through Amazon so I was fairly certain that if I needed to return it, I could.I was pleasantly surprised when I received the phone. It was well packaged, shipped quick and even charged. There were no instructions with it but that's easy enough to find online, which I did. The phone is very nice and I can make the font large enough to read, which can be a problem. The screen is large enough so you can see what you're doing and I love the GPS! I was able to navigate through the settings easily and had the phone set up in no time.All in all, it was a very good purchase for my first smart phone and I didn't have to take out a loan to afford it! :-) :-) :-)
Bought this phone a week ago in preparation for a move to Nicaragua. Very impressed so far. Bought SIM and 2$/day plan from T-mobile works great until my move. Then with $5 GroovIP download from app store, and google voice, I should be good to go anywhere there is wifi on the planet. Will pick up local SIM card in Nicaragua for when I am away from wifi. I will update this review as I progress.Oh, added 16 GB flash card. So far so good.***Update***The mobile phone market in Nicaragua takes a while to learn and navigate, but everything is working great with a prepaid Movistar SIM.
the product itself is better than I thought. I'm from Uruguay and although I had a problem with the software, Samsung solved it effectively and fast.
longest phone I ever had very reliable resolution nothing to write home about the 800mhz processor not the best but does the job most of the time good for first time droid owners
It is cool one..!! i like it..!! I just use for simple ways and it is OK with that. Thanks guys & have a nice day..!!
easy to use hate the fact that alarm wont go off if the phone is powered down and internal memory should be more
One of the reasons I bought this item was the Unlocked feature. I was able to set it up with my provider without issues. My wife loves this phone. It works great for her. And there were no issues with the seller.
The phone is perfect for mid-level smart phone users. I love the Swype function on the keyboard. All the functions one could want at a good price.
me encanta mi nuevo telefono, muy bellos, manejable, es muy practico, la camara es excelente, la resolucion ni se diga, lo recomiendo cien por ciento
Its a very good phone i totally recomend it the battery life is good . I used it for the whole day with wifi texting calling and it was up to 10-12 hours very good phone
i bought this phone after having a horrible experience with the motorola backflip. i must say i regret not buying this phone before the other one. this phone has great features, great camera quality and it is slim and neat. i have had no problems so far with it and i have had it over 4 months. as technolgy advances and everyone get caught up in it and wants the latest i must say this phone i am satisified and settled with it although being a teenager.
Nice phone that fills in for sub-Galaxy S II price. Product delivered promptly and working quickly in T-Mobile 2G, Wi-Fi only (no data plan!) mode. I like the thin profile and basic Android loaded software. I haven't had issues with speed, memory, microSD, or bluetooth. AC Power adapter is non-US with attachment for US. Bought two.
I think this is an amazing product, doesn't have anything bad, i can recommend this product to all the people
i like this phone. i would love to buy the second phone for my brother. it's amazing. i love the camera of this phone .
Received by the stated ship date. Was able to easily use my American and Spanish SIM cards with the phone. No problems thus far, I am very happy with my purchase! The only thing was the instructions were in Spanish which could be a problem for some people(it was a non-issue for me) You can easily find instructions online these days if you need.
Hi I would like to send the software to Turkish: I would appreciate your phone, thanks Hi I would like to send the software to Turkish: I would appreciate your phone, thanks
This was a gift for my sister-in-law, she loves it, I checked it out after she opened it and it looks great, I'd recommend it.
Good excellent salesman equipment, the purchase I am realised without disadvantages, the equipment this in perfect conditions for its use. Thanks
We decided to give up the Nokia smart phone and try an Android. This phone is much easier to use than the Nokia and has every feature we wanted including FM Radio, camera, calendar, WIFI, and more. We also wanted it to be unlocked as we use the Go Phone pay as you Go cards so we control the cost! The only negative was that it came in a non-English language. We watched a You Tube that walked us through the steps to change it to English and after that it was fine. SIM card was easy to insert. Love having all the Android apps and love the touch screen and grip of the outer case. Have been using for about 2 months now.
i just bought this phone and it is working just fine, it has an acceptable camera and very good features, display is not so bad either i like it not to much but not to few :-) i will recommended to every one !
El articulo es tal cual como lo describe el vendedor, el envio fue rapido.No he tenido ningun tipo de problemaLo recomiendo.
worth for money, good touch screen and 3.5 inch display.worth for money worth for money worth for moneyworth for moneyworth for moneyworth for money
The size is just perfect and works great after the upgrade to gingerbread. this is not one of thoes samsungs defamed plasticky, cheap models, feels great in hand. battery life still is the problem
I'm enjoying the product. It's a good competitor in high end smartphones. It doesn't have the screen quality as the iPhone has, but it's good.
Excellent phone... everything from hardware to software works perfectly...I recommend this phone since it's a great option for an excellent price.I bought this phone to be used in Costa Rica and it works great with two of the biggest carriers ICE and Claro.
Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version With US Warranty
This phone has everything an Android phone needs, but as is happening in a lot of phone could have more internal memory.
for the price is a good choice, good quality, I'm very satisfied with the cell phone, if you are from Brazil don't be afraid it will works here
Phone is a startup cheap smart android phone.Seller advt was good and phone did work with my prepaid AT&T service in Chicago. Only difference was I received Samsung S5830M model instead of S5830L, not sure about any difference between those model functionality wise. Till date (06-30-2012) no problem with the phone but over the time I believe it's getting slower with more apps may be phone processor can't handle it. Overall happy with the phone and price I paid for.I would suggest seller to other buyers but do your own research and just not believe what's written on advt.Happy shopping...
This phone is very good unlocked phone. I am very happy with this phone. It has every smart phone feature. Mostly the GPS function helping me a lot. ...The phone has all the facility that i-phone has. So as a cheap phone this is a good phone.
love it
I love this cellphone, everything i need in a small and resistent unit, nothing to say. Perfect!!
thankful :)
very good
Excelente
recomendado
Received phone very quickly and it is just as it was described. Very pleased.
It was what I expected, I highly recommend
excelent product and seller
very good.
Solid phone and works great. I'm not using it with a data plan (only wireless) so I can't say whether or not it meets all my expectations.
It's a great product
I live in a very rural area with very limited signal. It has been a nightmare because we need to be able to communicate on the far flung areas we farm. I did enough research to find out maybe a Quad phone would be the answer.It IS!!I have four bars!!This phone can go loud if you need it to. I have problems hearing my phone because it is in my purse. I can't normally get signal at home, so I only use it in town. Now I can use it to call for help when I'm stuck.This phone is easy to use and has tutorials to help understand features.If you've got a bit of hearing loss, this one is clear as a bell.I can talk to it to dial the phone.I can talk to it to get directions like a GPS unit.I can talk to it to send a message, take a note, or well, I don't know everything yet. I've been neglecting other things to play with it all morning. The MOST awesome phone for an idiot to use. That would be me!Be patient with yourself if you get one of these. You'll be stepping into the future.I took back an Apple 3 because it was harder to use.And the phone was not only inexpensive as cell phones go, but was very quickly delivered--2 days--to the middle of a wheat field in SW Kansas!!
This is definitely a strong phone, however if you plan to use apps frequently, or play games, you will need a different phone. The storage is barely sufficient for the stock apps. Adding memory will help for storing music and such but you'll still need more app space if you want to use even the basic social media and productivity apps. It is a smooth running phone otherwise - I have it since November 2012 and it's in great condition. I have it in a basic plastic case with a screen protector. I dropped it many times, my baby teethes on it, and it's still running strong.Pros:strong phoneexpandable memory for music, photosdecent camerauniversal connectivity (micro usb charger/port and 3.5mm headphone jack)easy to find accessories, cases, skins, coversnice size but not too big (about the size of an iphone 4)comes with two outside covers - a white glossy and black textured for style choices. Although you never see it on mine - it's covered.unlocked gsm phone for traveling abroad and for use on some US networks (at&t, t-mobile and other sim card companies)Cons:very little app memoryolder version of android, is not compatible with some apps which you will anyway not have enough memory for.In summary: get it if you want an economical internet-connected device with a few apps, wifi, gps, bluetooth, etc. that you can use abroad or at home. Do not get if you want games, and many apps.
It was all right, the product was great and the time of delivering was ok, I would purchase this item again in the future for a present.
Just what I was looking for and at the right price. Unlocked phones arethe future of personal telecommunications. Everyone should get one!
I never had a smartphone but decided to dump Verizon and switch to Simple Mobile and try this one. I wasn't sure it would work well with SM after some of the reviews, since it is older and not really for use in the US, but it works just fine. And althought Samsung doesn't support the phone in the US, Amazon supplies a 1-yr warranty free. Can't beat that deal. I've enjoyed the internet capability, GPS, texting, apps, all do just fine. I got a longer lasting battery for $10 and it lasts 2 full days without turning it off. The phone syncs with my computer using Samsung KIES software, also a big plus to manage contact lists, podcasts, and music. At a cost of 1/2 Verizon's monthly costs for phone, text, and internet, I am VERY happy phone and Simple Mobile.So, if you want to get into the new millenium, dump Verizon, get this smartphone, and save money with Simple Mobile.
nice phone... good chose, i like this store its really secure i reccomend the store and the page nice sales and fast shippings
The Samsung Galaxy Ace is a real pleasure to use. It is relatively small and light making it easy to carry. The display is very readable even outside in the sun. Call reception is very good and voice clarity at either end is very good as well. Auto rotation lags a bit and sometimes needs a little prodding. Battery life is great. The camera is good with resolution and clarity more than acceptable. Picture colors can be a little washed out as the auto white balance sometimes has trouble. I've taken to Ace to Germany and Austria and had not trouble connecting overseas cellular services. Very seamless. To date I have not been able to wirelessly connect to my home network and download/upload files. I must connect via USB and use the Kies software which is really clunky. But I'm still learning. Overall, I am very pleased with the Ace and would highly recommend it.Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version With US Warranty
this phone is awesome! totally worth the money i have no problems with it. the sensitivity on the phone is perfect it does exactly what you want it to, cool apps too. this phone is deffinatly worth checking out.
I recently received the Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830, sold by Komron Hussaini, and fulfilled by Amazon. The phone was listed as new, when I ordered it. However, when I received it, it was loaded with prior owner apps, and prior owner email address and messages. I had to factory reset the phone to eliminate the data, and return it to it's original Spanish settings. Resetting the phone to English, etc., was easy and was quite fast. My only negative comment would be, if a seller lists a product as new, it should be new; and not be received by the buyer as a used or refurbished phone.
Its a fantastic phone.Extremely light wet with wonderful colors and impressive audio quality.I bought two of these for my parents.
Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 arrived a few days earlier than I expected. I've been testing it for a few days and so far it works really well. Screens and menus look and feel similar to I-phones. Easy and intuitive navigation, price is reasonable at 180. Battery is the only thing that remains to be seen if it lasts a decent amount of time. Overall, I am quite happy with it.
Great phone for people who want to try android for the first time or who are on a budget. Screen resolution despite being relatively low hardly shows this. Phone perfoms great once you dont go app crazy. Gorilla glass screen and solid construction make it a trustworthy phone to Gift. Sound quality and camera quality are great also. Note that a corrupted memory card will make this phone restart continually. Remove the memory card and restart if this is noticed. Dont jump to conclusions and return/dump the phone.
Excellent phone comfortable to work and is the first time I buy this brand of phone, I recommend a product is worth thanks.
ITS OK ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - YYY yes
The phone was very easy to set up. I wanted to use the phone in Mexico and I just switch the SIM card and start using the service in Mexico immediately. It was not necessary to change any internal configuration of the phone. The phone was brand new as promised. I would recommend the seller!
buenas noches la compra todo fue muy rapido y sin ningun problama y en excelentes condiciones y llego a tiempo gracias
I bought this for my 13 year old daughter and it was the right choice. I tried it out first and compared it to my iPhone. It held up very well and that's why I gave it 4 stars. It's not as good as an iPhone but it is less expensive and holds up well. Surely good enough for a teenager who isn't ripe enough for such an expensive phone.
Got this for my son for Christmas. Saved about $100.00 over a comparable model from the T-Mobile store. One caution is the need for a micro SD card. If you want to use any app's, a card is needed since internal memory is small. No big deal, they are cheap, just be aware you'll need one.
buen producto unico detalle para movilne no puedo activar buzon de voz tlf liberado en español recomendable movilnet movistar digitel
phone is very good in performance, has a good version of Android, and comes with black and white covers. The phone is low on memory and the number of applications that are stored on the phone mandatory rather than sd, limits the operation of the phone. to rest very well throughout the purchase, the seller uneventful.
Hello.excellent phone, very good your camera and its functions!I think it would be better to include a memory microsd samsung further! Yet the phone is great! I recommend it!amazon thank you very much!
Good, solid smart phone at fraction of the price of high-end phones. Delivered as promised. Great for new smart phone users. I still prefer BBerry's real keyboard.
Todo muy gracias, el regalo de mis ahijados... esta perfecto para ellos y toda la familia.. .. . . . .
I have some difficulty writing because letters get mixup and the internal memory is not enough for my use. Yes, I recommend it to my friends.
Functionality is limited as far as game playing but overall the phone works fine. The battery last a long time I'm guessing because of the smaller screen. Unlocked version works well with T-Mobile. External MSD slot allows you to change out the memory card quickly. Light weight and because of the size the phone fits almost anywhere. eForCity TPU Rubber Skin Case is a perfect fit. I'm not a tech person so please read the specs provided on Amazon. Overall great phone for the price.
Because the thelephone works as I expected. it came to my hands in the time stablished and it came with all accesory.
It was a little difficult to figure out how to use it at first and trying to get apps and everything stored in the SD card instead of the phone. There was nothing on the description on Amazon stating that this is a Canadian product and does not have a valid warranty in the US. Otherwise, this is a good starter smart phone and I like it a lot.
I loved my previous Samsung cell phone so much, I immediately re-ordered this phone after my first phone was stolen.
I like the phone and feel like I got my moneys worth. The phone is easy to use, small witch is great since I dont have that much space to carry it. The only bad thing I have come a cross is the low internal memory but that can be fixed easily with a SD card.
but the phone did not come, not what caused this rate I that I repaid the money almost immediately, thank you very much for the excellent service!
good
I'm very happy I get the phone as expected, met with the delivery time are very responsible seller, my thanks I'm pleased.
This device was used as an extra cell and for a couple of months Battery didn't last. At all need to be charge every hour or more
excell
excellent
all good, excellent product
exelente producto
excellent
excellente product, very versatile and easy to operate
100% ok
excellente
I received my Samsung Galaxy Ace and charged it for a while. After that, I started using it and made a few phone calls. Good phone quality. It was much easier to hear on this phone than with the HTC Nexus One I previously owned that died on me a week before I purchased this. 3G appears to work well here in southern California, and it's on T-Mobile.I did notice the phone was set up for Canadian English, and was even set up with a Koodo Mobile splash screen (Canadian mobile company). That doesn't bother me so much as far as the splash screen goes. The Canadian English wasn't a problem until I installed the Amazon MP3 Player (because I purchase MP3s from Amazon, normally). Apparently Amazon MP3 will not work with the Canadian English locale. The phone doesn't come with the US English locale, but if you go into Google Play and type in "more locales" you will find a number of apps that will add more locales to your phone. I was able to use this and Amazon MP3 Player started working.Messaging is easier with the Swype keyboard already included with the phone.I tested out Angry Birds on the phone, then removed it. The responsiveness was pretty good. I only removed Angry Birds because I prefer to play it on my larger tablet.Space is pretty limited on the storage, so I was happy to see the seller, BlueTekUSA, included a 4 gigabyte MicroSD card, and I can move some apps to my SD Card. (I'll be able to move just about any app to it once I root the phone and use Link2SD).As I said, I mainly bought this to replace my Nexus One that had died but I also use my phone for testing websites and HTML5 mobile apps I make. I do most of my work from home or from Starbucks, and sometimes the internet goes out on the Starbucks or home connection, and I will sometimes use tethering and use my phone as a backup internet connection and continue with my work and stay connected to everyone at the office.I've not experienced any of the lag issues or 3G issues others seem to have experienced. This seems like a good quality Samsung phone. It's a bit low on internal storage but it meets my needs.
Nice phone to have it in your shelf. Having good features and lighter weight to carry the phone. Best Economy phone.
I bought this phone for my teenage son who wanted a smartphone. I chose the quad band so he could take it overseas and use it there too. Since I wanted to use it with a T-Mobile pre-paid sim card, I needed to find a sim-lock free phone. The Samsung Galaxy Ace seemed perfect and it's features appealed to my son. Unfortunately, as we found out after only a few months, this phone has not good reception with the T-Mobile sim card. Most of the time it has no reception at all except for the 911 call. It might be a good phone with other providers but not with T-Mobile. The other features of the phone were fine. The camera was pretty decent too. The touch screen was not terribly responsive though.Edited review on 5/8/2015:after having this phone sit around for 18 months, I decided to find out why it would not work with my carrier (T-Mobile) despite being advertised as a GSM phone. I went to several cell phone repair shops which, of course, quoted outrageous prices for "fixing" it. One shop thought the contacts of the SIM card slot were bad; another blamed it on being an international (Canadian) model. The technician at Batteries and Bulbs even opened it up, free of charge, to look at the SIM card slot. He said that everything was in fine order. He indicated that it might have something to do with the phone's carrier settings. And that's what it was. It took me an afternoon of looking around but I finally figured it out. The setting had been on "select automatically" (either GSM or CDMA) when it should have been set to "GSM". After I made that change, no more problems! The phone works perfectly and has good cell reception all the time.
Very good cell phone, there is a lot of apps available, nice speaker (back and front), nice camera. The processor is very good and support any kind of work (even using antivirus). The only thing that could be better is the battery, it lasts 2 days (using a lot of wi-fi, though not using 3G or 2G), but I think this is a normal issue for smartphones with big screens and wi-fi access.
So far this phone is working well. It seems to be a step down from the Samsung Epic in some functionality especially sorting the apps that I have downloaded in alphabetical order but it does the job. Good Phone
This phone is smaller than the Galaxy s. It's perfect to put it in your pocket or party purse. It's fast and very effective.
I use this cell phone every day in Argentina and US, it is a good cell phone and the cost-benefits relationship is great, i recommend this product to others.Uso este celular a diario tanto en Argentina como en US, es un buen equipo y la relacion costo-beneficio es muy buena, recomiendo este producto.
I upgraded from a blackberry curve and I'm loving my Galaxy Ace. They say once you go "black you never go back!" Well I can say Once I go Android you never go back. Works well. Light enough. Torch feature responds very well. Loving the Swype keyboard. It can't be compared to the Galaxy S2 but if you're looking for a reasonably priced android smart phone..This is definitely it!
Gran smartphone para el precio, excelentes prestaciones, super liviano y con un muy buen procesador. Me sorprendió gratamente el hecho de que aunque en las especifiaciones del producto dice que trae Android 2.2 realmente vino con Android 2.3.6 y anda muuuuy rápido.En cuanto al envío fue inmejorable, incluso más rápido de lo que esperaba.
This is a beautifull phone, but this have a little internal memory. For a kid is so good because you can download games
I call this my 'travel phone' and use AT&T pay as you go plan here at home in USA. Easy SIM activation by phone and $25 every 3 months keeps phone number current. I don't make many call and text occasionally. Gmail is free so I mostly use that. This is also used as a back up phone because I still have my expensive VZ plan with locked phone still under contract and it's not GSM. On recent Costa Rica vacation this phone was perfect! Few dollars to get a Kolbi ICE SIM card near the Liberia airport and after activation I put $25 USD on it. I called the USA each day, text and local Costa Rica calls daily, Had GPS/navigation while my husband drove our rental car all over, data when I was away from free wifi, looked stuff up on Internet and sent emails while husband drove, took photos and videos and quickly uploaded to Facebook, and after ten days vacation - I didn't even use all the $25! Easy to check balance and add money if necessary. In the USA, I popped my AT&T SIM card back in once we landed at airport. I was able to text and make calls again. My only complaint with this amazing phone is that the internal memory is too small. Have to be stingy with apps and move any I can to the SD card (supports up to 32 GB). When my other phone's contract is up, I am thinking about using just this one. I have the S5830 "M" and not had a problem. When I go to Europe, this baby is going with me!
We live in Costa Rica and the phone works very well here. It is compact, light weight and easy to use. Would recommend it to everyone.
It is affordable and more than met my expectations with the exception that the android system cannot be upgraded hence bbm cannot be installed. Recommended low budget android phone if not having bbm is no great deal. Otherwise, its a great phone
Better than what i expected. love the size of the scren,the features, the battery dies quickly only when playing games. I would recomend.
I bought this phone for my mother and she absolutely loves it. She says its not so complicated to use and she recommends it to anyone especially her friends!
The product that you adquiricon, with specifications was what came to me.A thousand congratulations and keep well.Many Congratulations.
this was my first smart phone and I found it easy to use. it is also very durable because i am on the clumsy side and so it has fallen a number of times with the back cover, the battery and rest of phone each going their own way and it still works perfectly. the camera is excellent as well but the storage on the actual phone is a bit minimal otherwise perfect
the phone is beautiful and very practical. but the seller sent a phone in a different box with imei not match the phone and lack an accessory. handsfree.
ECXELENTE
the phone is Very good. thanks
excellent product
EXCELENTE
Very good phone and works well in Venezuela.
Got this for my dad about one yr ago and its a great phone. Never got to write the review before but he takes care of it and his phone is still in great shape. He loves it.
Good phone
excellent product.
We had a bit of a problem at first. What we found was that the Costa Rican telephone company ( ICE ) which uses the Kolbi Sim"s card does not work with this phone for what ever reason. We switched to the Claro sim"s card and were completely satisfied.Thanks again.
It did not have the manual of instructions. Also I bought another like the last year and it had a change of case by one of white color
Good phone for new android users. The phone was not for me, so i can't say anything more. ! !
THIS IS A PHONE THAT HAS STAND UP TO THE TEST . I ALREADY OWN ONE AND HAS GOTTEN VERY GOOD SERVICE FROM IT AND THAT'S THE REASON I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE. I CAN RECOMMEND IT TO THE WORLD IT'S AN EXCELLENT PHONE.
I bought this phone last month and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation. Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use.
el teléfono es para mi mama y le gusto y esta aprendiendo a manejarlo su sistema es intuitivo le gustothe phone is for my mom and she likes me and is learning to manage your system is intuitive likes
Arrived new-in-box, with all the accessories that were advertised. So far, we're very impressed with the quality of the product for the price we paid! No, it's not a S4, but then again, it does all that we want it to & we didn't have to pay $500!!
Bought it, like it. Does its job, low on memory but easily fixed with a 16gb SD card. Great recieption, works good for overseas calls from the US. Definitly worth the price.
I love the features on this phone! touch-screen, internet, touch screen access to so many things, speaker phone, clear sound etc. It has so many features that I am still working at figuring it all out!. The only downside is battery life. It needs to be charged daily.
The phone was a gift to my cousin and her husband who are missionaries in the Dominican Republic. They said the phones have given them much greater and needed access to the functions that help keep them in touch while constantly on the go.
If you are not a geek and you just want to own a not complex touch screen phone , this is a good one.
I have other Ace and this is the same. It has evereithing and works perfectly in Costa Rica with a prepaid telephone line.
although it is quite limited memory, but it meets my expectations, it is quite useful in my work and in my daily life
excelent
the product is very good, it's just what I had bought, if they would recommendthe product is very good, it's just what I had bought, if they would recommend
The cellphone works fine, it just needs patience and the guy from Extra Virgin Tech is a reliable caring one. Please notice that this cellphone is only a US unlocked version and not the international vertion
I bought it to use overseas and it worked just fine. One drawback is its not easy to store apps & pics on the memory card.
I'm happy with this. The only complain I have is the memory amount. I only downloaded facebook and twitter and I keep running out of memory
looking for unlocked gsm phone has great android os, fast, relatively cheap. good camera. easy to use. small enough for my daughter.
For those who will buy this phone and will use it outside US, don't forget to check out the 3G band frequency of your region.This cell phone works fine at 1900 MHz 3G band, but some conutries like Brazil uses a 2100 MHz 3G band frequency.Atenção brasileiros. Este telefone não funciona a banda 3G no Brasil. Ele menciona ser quadriband, e é mas na banda GSM. A banda 3G é de 1900 MHz e no Brasil usa-se a 2100 MHz. Exceto o 3G, ele funcionará normalmente.Saudações.
This has all the features that she didn't have in her 2+ year old Samsung phone. The swipe text feature is very nice.
It a good phone for the price. Its small and handy and fits right into your palm. It came with the latest Android OS of that time.
so when i order i feel ok that its not a fake orderhard to put it onyes to my frends
A Christmas present for one of my daughters - the pickiest of my children. She seems to love it. I cannot deal with typing on the touch screen. But she is a convert. Good value-for-money.
I love this gadget although I did not used it due to compatibility issue to the country that I am going to for vacation. But I will highly recommend this to everyone.
Good item for the price.
I love this product. Its now a year i have bought it and it works perfect. Best smart phone for beginners
excelente.
Excelente
bien
me gusto mucho
Very good.
i love it work in venezuela all cell phone company.
all right
bien
Every fine
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
Very good
Really amazing phone.
good!
The Samsung Galaxy is one of the best phones that I have acquired the function is comprehensive and delivery was at the time there was no objection
I bought this to my mother and i think is great. You can install all those important apps people use nowadays .
This smartphone has good quality.if you do not need to install many programs, and you are not interested in playing, I suggest you buy it.
buen producto
I ordered and received this phone within a week. It came in full packaging and has everything: earphones, USB cable, memory card, users manual. I'm pretty satisfied.
i just bought this for my friend, it's a good phone with android apps.. but the shape is lil bit old fashioned...
Prior to owning this phone I was very displeased with my non-android phone. The Galaxy Ace was actually my first android phone, and it exceeded my expectations. Everything runs pretty smoothly (with the exception of buffering with the samsung keyboard while texting, and loading some applications) and can handle multiple running applications at once. I absolutely love it and would definitely recommend it to a first time android-user.
I am so happy with thiis cell.my son used and then my husband is using righ now. He es happy with the cell and he say me that is very goog cell.
muy bueno
The item is what i expected and it is a gift that the person i gave it to loved very much. Thank you for the product.
very good
Excelente
es de excelente servicio de buena calidad sus productos con una rápida entrega y sin inconvenientes alguno, 100 % recomendado
I recommend this phine, with small price and high feature as mentioned in phone description . . . . ......
I love this phone, its a galaxy tab on a budget. It took a while to transition from a Blackberry but so far so good. The camera quality is great and so is the overall resolution
excelente producto , tiempo exacto de llegada y totalmente nuevo y excelente precio. reomendado totalmente vendedor muy serio . .
I like Samsung phones. I like the graphics and the camera resolution, but I will upgrade next year and get an even better camera.
very good product and excellent condition 100% recommended android 2.3 and 5 megapixel camera with wifi and 3g bands is excellent for Venezuela
I love My smarphone!Thank very much!!Its a very machine of smarphone and work very Good whith me chip claro s.a
Escribo desde venezuela y el telefono funciona sin problema alguno en red 3G. Llego a tiempo y sin problemas, lo recomiendo!
I like this phone. My biggest complaint is the lack of internal memory which limits the amount of apps I can install. It's a good entry level phone for those just moving to a smartphone.
It went very well, very grateful, excellent product, received on time, a very good experience, I will be back to buy the product
I detail that the seller does not come with Spanish language,, but otherwise all good....
Great phone for the price! Buy this phone only from this seller. It came with a short note about installation from the seller alongwith a 4 GB SD card with adapter and a white back cover as well! I wanted a white phone , so ordered it from a different seller. That phone looked used, the back cover didn't even fit and did not come with SD card, I am returning tht phone and re-ordering another one from this seller. If you plan to buy this phone, buy it only from this seller.If you are planning to buy this for seniors , I highly recommend the Big Launcher app .
Very good
very satisfied excellent throughout
excelente!!
Nice phone!
Every thing is ok, time and product, i m using it in this moment at home with the family thanks to god
I really liked this phone. I bought it several years ago and I save it as my backup phone in case anything happens do my new phone.
all good I feel awsome whit it, the phone came perfect and work is well, expectation achieve, I recommen that
I love this little phone. It would almost be perfect for me if it had more internal memory and I think I would appreciate a tiny bit more screen size. I have a 32 GB card in there, but it needs internal memory to hold many apps. I do not believe myself to be a very big app person, but you have to be an incredibly basic app person to find this to be adequate. I have dropped this phone countless times. I may even have dropped it off a roof (I'm a roofer). No need for a screen protector. I've never really used the case and I know I've dropped it face down in rocks before. In 2 years of abuse I think I have one tiny scratch on the screen that I barely notice. I want to get a Moto G now...I hope it isn't too bulky and huge! I used this phone with Att and used the unlimited data with tethering (att didn't know). I then used this phone on a prepaid Gophone plan and tethered their unlimited data for a basic phone for a month and a half before they saw the countless GB I used and shut off the data. Now I use it with an actual smartphone plan on Gophone. I took it to Nigeria and popped in the MTN sim card and it worked perfectly fine. I only wish I could make this screen a tiny bit bigger and upgrade the internal memory.
Excellent purchase. The cellphone came completly new with its manual, charger, earphone, usb cable. I am very happy with it. And was shipped in time
excellent highly recommend the team reached efficiently and in good condition excellent thank you very much for such a good recectividad
Excelente producto muy completo y de facil manejo, en Venezuela aplica a la telefonia Movilnet sin problemas. Lo recomiendo 100%
Great phone, its awesome and very nice , Great phone, its awesome and very nice, Great phone, its awesome and very nice
Galaxy, whwewver versions, is a great gadget is an excellente cell phone. I recomend it. I rate this product very good
I like this phone. It is easy to use and very good with satalite/gps apps. It is a fast processing phone that can keep up the fastest app user.
Excellent onald delgado Excellent muy bueno para comprar lo haria otra vez super bien voy hacerlo cuado tenga plata eso sera en seis meses
RAPIDA LA RESPUESTA, TIENE LO QUE ESTABA BUSCANDO, LOS PRECIOS SON ACCESIBLES, EL PRODUCTO ES NUEVO Y ESPECIFICAN EL PRODUCTO
I just love phone, clear graphics and works perfectly.It is comparable to the HTC Evo4G with the exception of dual facing camera. Its my favorite.
So happy with this. Great pre-sales support from seller to answer my questions on specs etc. Shipped immediately and I got the phone the very next day (paid <$4). The phone itself is awesome for my first android, exactly what I needed. Goodbye iPhone! Came with Gingerbread installed. Be sure to check your carrier's 3G and cell bands before buying. There are two versions of this phone and one will not work in the U.S. with AT&T etc. This is the one that will.Will see about the battery life that many have complained about.
my frst smartphone...very fast delivery,comes with extra white back cover.everythng installed, ready to use.elegant outlook,if u r looking fr a smartphn under ths range..so go fr it dnt waste money on costly phones...!!only no sd card with it..bt thts ok..luving my new phone.everythng wrks fine till nw..
I purchased this phone for a couple of months and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation, and I went from having a regular phone to this incredibly functional gadget and change has been a noticeable leap, its 800 mHz processor is quite fast and efficient. The touch screen is very good quality, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), decent amazing definition and brightness. It's camera takes pictures of acceptable quality, and the video runs smoothly. The size of the phone without being small makes it suitable for carrying in your pocket without a problem, or the discomfort of smartphones largest and highest range and price.Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use and I love power because all you can do with a phone and more!Works great with the 3G network from my country (Costa Rica). Simply insert the SIM and voila, a few minutes I was conected and running properly, I did not think it would be so simple to be honest!The only negative thing I could say so far is the short battery life when using multiple functions simultaneously (common problem with smartphones) as already mentioned in other grades here ... But this is easily solved with an extra charger in the office and at home, and upload daily ... jeje!At last I can recommend this phone without fear for those who like me (not being a fan for the latest in technology) nedd the benefits of a smartphone that have a good average performance, but with several extra applications that allow you to grow and evolve according to your needs as a user ... By the way I wrote this review from my phone, which I think is really amazing!Adquirí este telefono desde hace un par de meses y para ser sincero es mi primer experiencia con smartphones, debido a esto me ha tomado varios dias para familiarizarme con su funcionamiento, ya que pasé de tener un telefono regular a este increiblemente funcional aparatito y el cambio ha sido un salto cualitativo notorio, su procesador de 800 mhz es bastante rapido y eficiente. La pantalla tactil es de muy buena calidad, sensible, resistente a rayones (gorilla glass), con decente definicion y brillos asombrosos. Su camara toma fotos de una calidad aceptable, y el video corre muy bien. El tamaño del telefono sin ser pequeño, lo hace adecuado para llevarlo en el bolsillo sin mayor problema, ni la incomodidad de smartphones mas grandes y de mayor rango y precio.Android como sistema operattivo es muy amigable e intuitivo, facil de usar y me encanta ya que potencia todo lo que puedes hacer con un telefono y mas!Funciona muy bien con la red 3G de mi pais (Costa Rica). Simplemente insertar el SIM y listo, a los pocos minutos ya estaba enlazado y funcionando adecudamente, no crei que seria tan sencillo para ser honestos!La unica cosa negativa que podria decir hasta ahora es la corta duracion de la bateria al usar varias funciones simultaneamente (problema comun con los smartphones) como ya lo han mencionado en otras calificaciones aqui... Pero esto es facilmente solucionable con un cargador extra en la oficina y otro en casa, y cargarlo diariamente... jeje!En fin puedo recomendar sin temores a este telefono para aquellos que como yo (sin ser un fanatico por lo ultimo en tecnolgia) ocupamos los beneficios de un buen smartphone de desempeño medio, pero con varias aplicaciones extra que te permitan crecer segun tus necesidades y evolucionar como usuario... Por cierto he escrito esta critica desde mi telefono; lo cual me parece asombroso!!!
This phone is unlocked alright, but comes from Chile. Now, I don't know if that covers warranty in the US.The language is Spanish when you start up the phone. Also, a lot of wasted apps are pre-installed.
Very pleased of this phone's permonance. Nice looking and very handy. Only issue is no Flash player support. overall Worth for price.
Perfect
muy bueno gracias
EXCELENT...
Pros:-Nice home button-Samsung is the manufacturer-Strongly built (I dropped it twice and it's still working perfectly) Although I did sell it 4 months ago and got an S4.-Camera takes ok pictures, the flash doesn't help much.Cons:-After 5 months of using it it's gonna get fairly slow and laggy. Just like all other Android phones and tablets. No surprise there,
excellent
excelente
Very nice cel phone, small and easy to use. And has a good look! No doubt about Samsung brand.
Was bought as a present for a 18yr old cousin. So far she is happy cuz this is her first smartphone.
I have owned this phone for just about 4 weeks now.As for the design of the physical device, the size and shape is very similar to iphone so it feels comfortable and almost perfect when held in your hand. I have not owned an iphone before, but I have held them.I do wish the micro USB input was at the bottom of the phone, but the little door to keep dust out is definitely nice. Comparing this device to other smartphones I have owned, it seems that in most cases, the audio port is always next to the USB port and having the audio port at the top is a big plus for me.The screen is very nice and so far, the pictures have been good. The microphone is poor for video recording, but nobody has complained about the sound during a conversation. Besides talking through the handset, I also use a bluetooth headset, which I already owned, and though I have not had a phone conversaton with any other mic'd headsets yet, but I have listened to music through other headphones, as well as the the stock accessory, which sounds more than decent, and the volume output is adequate.The best software feature on this phone is Swype keyboard input system. It takes a bit to master Swype, but when combined with a small stylus, it is simply the fastest phone input method I have used yet. Not much else to say about the phone's software. It is Android and it can have a glitch every once in a while. I noticed a wierd moment last weekend when I was trying to turn on a flashlight app at the precise moment that my alarm was trying to alert. I did not know what was happening, but was able to I figure it out as soon as I restarted the phone.In my humble opinion, the price will probably go lower very soon, but I needed a phone and this compares very well with other unlocked, AT&T compatible, phones that I found available here on Amazon.
It is what is! This cellphone just ROCKS!! I don't even know where to begin, well let's see. CORNING® GORILLA® GLASS making basically durable and reliable, android built, with tons and tons of apps (I haven't been able to check on half of them)... Light and appealing design, great touch screen capability, awesome sharing features>>>>> Button line, BEST CHOICE EVER
good quality, up to date software 2.3.4 (very good due to android fragmentation). I am very impressed by this phone. I have HTC EVO and I find this little droid comparable in its performance (normal daily usage: email, chat, phone, texts, signal, browsing and wifi) to my EVO. pleasantly surprised by this little droid. NOTE** this is only after 2 days of use :) I will update my impressions again later.
This is a really good phone in today's mid range of Android phones.The phone is excellent and performs really well. It came with Gingerbread 2.3.4 already installed, that means, better performance compared to 2.2.x (Quadrant benchmarks this phone over the Samsung Galaxy S, which has a 1GHz CPU), better battery life and improves the video shooting quality to full VGA resolution.The phone battery stands for more than one full day with almost everything on (full brightness, GPS, Wifi, and BT), and lots of calls and sms per day, however,the 2G/3G data connection is off as I have Wifi connection in the office all day and I'm not using the mobile data connection in transit to/from home, where I also have wifi connection.Nevertheless, I tested the 3G connection with Movistar network in Venezuela and it works very well.The screen is bright and sharp. It does have some reduced visibility in direct sun light but it is way better than older touch screens I've used.The multi-touch works great. It is really sensible and the screen size is enough to type comfortable in landscape mode and almost comfortable in portrait mode.The only thing I haven't tried so far is the GPS and navigation functionality.The phone arrived without the 2GB microSD Card, but can't go against the phone and score it with 5 stars. In this regard, I have to blame the vendor: A to Z Wireless Solutions.
This item is as described in the add. I only missed the micro sd and an american plugg but for the rest I can say that's fare enougth.
Got this phone to replace an Old Nokia XM 5800.This is a great phone,Good call Quality,Internet is fast enough.It`s very attractive e solid in the hands.Android os is very good too, Lots of Apps.Little disappointed with music features, But get some good app(Double twist in my case)and you`re ready to go.I`m Happy with this phone.Buy it , If you want a very Good Phone With a Fair Price.
This is really great phone for the price. Internet works great and really fast, everything is awesome. I'll recommend this phone. BUY GALAXY ACE!!
good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident very good
good phone usable in venezuela, excellent product,arrived in perfect conditions, and is just what I needed, i say good price goos product
the product in perfect condition, excellent device unlocked very good size and very useful and visible applications. thank you very much.
I bought it for my personal use, has a good camera for photos and a good description, I like the size and design is perfect.
This phone is very user friendly and I have recommended it to my friends and they have purchased one as well. It comes highly recommended and you will love it also.
Was the fist cellphone that i bought by internet and I TRULY LOVE IT. The battery life is excellent. Now i will sell it because is giving me problems with the touch screen but it wasnt the seller fault so...
It works very well. It is not an s3. But for the price it does its job very well. I will recommend.
I purchased this phone for a couple of months and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation, and I went from having a regular phone to this incredibly functional gadget and change has been a noticeable leap, its 800 mHz processor is quite fast and efficient. The touch screen is very good quality, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), decent amazing definition and brightness. It's camera takes pictures of acceptable quality, and the video runs smoothly. The size of the phone without being small makes it suitable for carrying in your pocket without a problem, or the discomfort of smartphones largest and highest range and price.Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use and I love power because all you can do with a phone and more!Works great with the 3G network from my country (Costa Rica). Simply insert the SIM and voila, a few minutes I was conected and running properly, I did not think it would be so simple to be honest!The only negative thing I could say so far is the short battery life when using multiple functions simultaneously (common problem with smartphones) as already mentioned in other grades here ... But this is easily solved with an extra charger in the office and at home, and upload daily ... jeje!At last I can recommend this phone without fear for those who like me (not being a fan for the latest in technology) nedd the benefits of a smartphone that have a good average performance, but with several extra applications that allow you to grow and evolve according to your needs as a user ... By the way I wrote this review from my phone, which I think is really amazing!Adquirí este telefono desde hace un par de meses y para ser sincero es mi primer experiencia con smartphones, debido a esto me ha tomado varios dias para familiarizarme con su funcionamiento, ya que pasé de tener un telefono regular a este increiblemente funcional aparatito y el cambio ha sido un salto cualitativo notorio, su procesador de 800 mhz es bastante rapido y eficiente. La pantalla tactil es de muy buena calidad, sensible, resistente a rayones (gorilla glass), con decente definicion y brillos asombrosos. Su camara toma fotos de una calidad aceptable, y el video corre muy bien. El tamaño del telefono sin ser pequeño, lo hace adecuado para llevarlo en el bolsillo sin mayor problema, ni la incomodidad de smartphones mas grandes y de mayor rango y precio.Android como sistema operattivo es muy amigable e intuitivo, facil de usar y me encanta ya que potencia todo lo que puedes hacer con un telefono y mas!Funciona muy bien con la red 3G de mi pais (Venezuela). Simplemente insertar el SIM y listo, a los pocos minutos ya estaba enlazado y funcionando adecudamente, no crei que seria tan sencillo para ser honestos!La unica cosa negativa que podria decir hasta ahora es la corta duracion de la bateria al usar varias funciones simultaneamente (problema comun con los smartphones) como ya lo han mencionado en otras calificaciones aqui... Pero esto es facilmente solucionable con un cargador extra en la oficina y otro en casa, y cargarlo diariamente... jeje!En fin puedo recomendar sin temores a este telefono para aquellos que como yo (sin ser un fanatico por lo ultimo en tecnolgia) ocupamos los beneficios de un buen smartphone de desempeño medio, pero con varias aplicaciones extra que te permitan crecer segun tus necesidades y evolucionar como usuario... Por cierto he escrito esta critica desde mi telefono; lo cual me parece asombroso!!!
its a very good product and i have no problems with it.. it was in a really good shappe. thanks
I like it however battery is awful.I can use just one day with full battery also light phone, it's not heavy as iphone.
Funciona genial en Venezuela tiene señal 3 g con movilnet recomendado y excelente el producto!!! Gracias por la rapidez en el envio
It is a good phone. The only thing I can criticize is its low memory for applications, just 190 MB, that is filled with a 4 or 5 important applications such as Facebook, Twitter and an antivirus or cache cleaner. Otherwise it is a good buy.
Excelente producto y de altísima calidad a muy buen precio lo recomiendo amplia mente a todas las personas que quieran adquirirlo.
very good
I don't no known
Works. good phone.
i love it!
100% recomended
Works perfectly
excellent product, I recommend it, it would buy
Perfect.
This phone works well internationally with GSM chips. It made a great birthday gift, and the new owner has had no problems with this phone since I purchased it for them. Infact I can not get them to put it down! The speed at which we can get on the internet is amazingly fast, and the phone is very light. The downloading of apps is swift, easy and numerous. The only thing this phone does not have is a flash light.
I still have alot to learn about this phone but so far it is good. Especially when it enables me to access so many of these apps for free in customizing my phone, the picture quality is great.
This team I can say that was really what I expected and needed. Super regarding operating system, fast and as such complies with the specifications upon receipt insert my chip and I could use'm from Venezuela and works perfectly. 100% recommended.
I loved this phone, bought it for my brother who lives in Russia. It works with Russian carriers. The screen is bright and super responsive, I love it. The only problem is it doesn't support Russian Language, just English, Portuguese, and something else... I downloaded Russian Language apps, but it only supports the keyboard, the phone is still in English. I guess it's time for my bro to learn the language. In general, I am very happy with this product.
El telefono esta en perfectas condiciones tal como los ofrecenTodo esta en orden, funciona perfecto para movilnet.El precio esta bien economico
I purchased this phone because I was switching from BlackBerry to Android for app compatibility reasons. The only major complaint I have about the Samsung Galaxy Ace is the battery life. Prolonged internet browsing and media playing pulls greatly on the battery life. Other than that, I am very satisfied with my purchase.
It is a good product and it is value for money. I am very satisfied and happy with my purchase.
Love this, it has all the latest tech as any other smart phone, very sleek to the touch and fits perfectly in my palm.
Awesome phone for its price.I bought this for my father and he liked it very much. It came unlocked. Language is not English by default, that can be changed in settings though.This is not a high end model, however only thing I would have wished in this model is secondary camera.
Worked pretty well for me. The only drawback was having the older Android version. Other then that its a good phone
I bought 3 and the 3 cell phones work perfectly,Are international version and unlocked, which is perfect because i'm in Venezuela. I love it.
is a great quality product 100% recommend, for me excellent 5 stars, I really like it, good as it is a good quality product, the seller is a responsible person who respects the delivery time is very punctual, I recommend it 100%
Needed a phone as I just lost mine AT&T great hook up and I love the size and screen size
This phone is a complete smartphone in all senses: High speed 3G Internet, a good camera, Word, Excel, PP & Acrobat compatible management software, 32 GB SD Card capacity, etc. at a VERY convenient price. Gorilla glass & reliable construction seems to be capable to withstand accidental falls & more. Enough RAM memory for normal use.I'm very pleased with this phone. Only complaint: Video recording performance should be better.
este producto satisface mi expectativas para el uso que se le va a dar un buen producto ----la entrega fue rapida todo perfecto muchas gracias a todos ----
Very good phone for the money, brand new in original box, English interface. Short battery life if you use a lot of application, othewise no problem. Work great with ATT Prepaid Plans. Will recommend :))
I was started looking for the unlocked phone after broke the old one ( Sony Ericsson ) because i am so tired with contract( 2 years agreement ) . Finally, i found the phone in amazon web . It is Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace. Slim/Light, 11 Hours talk Times ,3G Speed and Great Price with my budget. I was ordered two Phones and some accessories. I got them all what they said the delivery date. This is the first time order experience with amazon and i was surprise of their excellent service.Thanks Amazon for your Excellent Service.
It's a very nice phone. The screen is nice, and the resolution and colors are awesome. One thing I didn't like is the fact that sometimes it freezes and you must shut it down, or sometimes it becomes slow. It's probably because of the amount of internal memory the phone has. If it had more memory and a front facing camera, it would make this phone awesome.
I bought this phone for my wife at the same time I bought the Galaxy Note 1. I decided on this one because although she doesn't need a lot of bells & whistles I wanted her to have a functional smartphone that didn't cost an arm & a leg. This phone has everything she wanted + a little more. At first there was an issue w/ the phone shutting off after 'waking up' from stand-by mode but I looked into the problem online & found A-LOT of complaints about this very problem. The solution came from an Android forum that said the problem lies w/ when the phone went into sleep mode the WiFi goes off then restarts on wake. I read that if we go into the WiFi menu> advanced settings> WiFi sleep> and select "Never" that this should solve the issue. Well it did, I think it shut off maybe once or twice more after selecting "Never" in the menu but has completely stopped jamming u[p/shutting off for the month since I'd changed the setting. All in all, a cool little phone w/ a very nice looking and moderately sized screen that looks and acts like a much more expensive full touchscreen smartphone.
Excelente telefono, llegó a tiempo sin ninguna complicacion y hasta ahora a funcionado perfectamente aqui en Venezuela con línea movilnet.
I have been using this phone for about a month now and there isn't anything that I can really complain about! It's awesome! It's light, great resolution and has good sound quality.The speaker is not that loud but it works just fine for me.I am glad I got this!
The cellphones is a really good product. I really like it and am very pleased with my new acquisitionThanks
This phone was everything i wanted in a phone, i could download sip phones to accept calls over voip and also use magic jack app too. I can make calls at no cost with the magic jack app and it is crystal clear. I can talk and the phone writes what i say, so no more typing text and emails. Talk to it and it searches for location or anything i want in google. It is a great phone, i can only imagine what the other Samsung Galaxy Phones can do.
Is a nice phone, the display is too small, hard to use, i buy the Samsung captivity for the same price and is better than this
Worth for ,money... Nice phone and it has good futures.. I like it
great
very well
excellent smartphone.
EXCELLENT ITEM
From What I Experienced - The InterNet Is Slow, But The Crispness Is Clear But The Space Is Lacking, Can't Download That Many Apps, OverRall Its A Okay Phone,
One of the most economic and amazing cellphone. Now It comes with android 2.3.6 and 290MB of RAM. 5MPixel camera including flash. Once I get tired (if I do) I will purchase the new Galaxy ACE PLUS, forget any other operation systems, Android Rules!!!!
I think it is a very good phone for the price. It has lot of utilities and apps. I use it in Venezuela and it works wonderful.
I bought the phone because mainly because of the price/features balance and the 3g network support. I must say I'm greatly impressed. I'm currently living in Argentina and 3G works like a charm with CLARO AR company.Pros: the phone is a pleasure to work with, it is fast and reliable. A nice feature it that charges from the USB port and this is really useful when you hit the road. Screen Protectors and other accessories are very easy to find anywhere.Cons: battery life with BT and WiFi on is hmmmm...poor, you will exhaust a brand-new completely-full battery in less than two hours. GPS is still trying to locate myself! with no-luck. Android version is 2.3.4 and is a bit old now.
I bought it for my mom, and she is really happy with it, because she can see well the letters of the keyboard and it is easy to manage. With a 5Mp Camera she is all around taking pictures of everything and she is grateful for not having to turn on the computer to check out e-mails or social networks, gets directly to the phone. The only thing bad is the low battery life, but everything else is really good.
this is an excellent phone . Easy to handle with all feature what you look for in a smart phone ..
This is my first Android phone and I love it!!! I haven't had any issues with it so far. I have my service thru T-Mobile, and I only pay the $30.00 a month plan, I don't see any point in paying for wifi when almost everywhere I go has free wifi. I connect to the free wifi at my job and at my school, even at the grocery store the phone alerted me there was free wifi available ( publix customer wifi), and it automatically connects to my high speed when I'm home. I haven't had any dropped calls and the call clarity is great, I'm not sure if that's due to T-mobile or the phone. I was using net-10 before (with a different phone) and I could never hear anyone. All of the apps work great on this phone, too. So I'm really completely happy with it, no complaints here.
I am a long time Palm Pilot user who is moving to a Smartphone, and I chose this because I wanted an unlocked phone that I could use through NET10 or some other provider that does not lock you into a contract.At this point, my phone works fine and I'm pleased with the purchase. However, it was not a "plug and play" process and I made one mistake. The description of this product didn't make it clear which size SIM card you need. For this model, you need the larger sized SIM card (I think it's called a mini card) from your carrier, and the smaller sized card (micro card?) for additional storage (optional). That mistake cost me $15 but not a significant tragedy.In my case, the provider also didn't seem to know how to get this phone to use the data services needed for internet connections or apps without using wi-fi. Once I read up on GSM networks and saw that it's a 2G technology, I remembered an option in settings for "only use 2G connections." Once I tried that option, I had could browse the Internet.The GPS capability and the Navigation app are very nice. It works well enough for me in the car (especially with a slip case that prevents the phone from slipping around on my leg or car seat).It seemed a little rocky at first but I think that anybody with some tech savvy and some patience can get this phone set up. If you're not technically inclined, I'd recommend either going for a locked phone from a traditional carrier or finding somebody who can help you out.
Good phone. Sophisticated but not too much, just what you need if you're not into the ultimate technology. (I only need it to phone, send messages, check mail and use Whatsapp and a couple of other apps). Poor battery life though.
My only complaint is all the preinstalled junk that Samsung lards their phones with. The only apps you can get rid of are ones you install yourself. Beyond that, it's great. I bought it for $100+ less than T-Mobile tried to sell me the Galaxy Light for and virtually the only differences I've found are that the Ace is sold in UK and the Light is sold in the US. Great buy, great phone.
this item expired my expectations. i choose this rating because it deserves it. and its just what i expected from this.
Very good phone. This item was bought over a year ago and is used by my daughter. The only issue she has with it is that the battery seems to be wearing. She has to be removing it and putting back in on a regular basis
Loved phone ... Had no problem Loved not paying high cell phone companies pricesWorks well lighter then I though ... and Camera on phone really take decent picturesGlad I bought it
Brand new, completely unlocked! Started using T-mobile pre paid card right away with out any problem! Even connected to Wi Fi without any trouble.
Good phone, it works perfectly, I thought I would have problems with unlocking, but worked great. I recommend you to all my friends.
Bought it for a friend and she loving it. Compared to the phone she had before this one surpassed expectation. For the price and the features it have....can't complain!
Very Good cell phone in as per the price. The Battery is amazing... and the features are also very good.
The Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace phone is really good, Good value for money, has most of the features offered by costly smart phones. The battery is really good, when charged fully it remains for 3-4 days (Calls only). Good for tours, i was able to take about 300+ photos without re-charging the phone again.
it is a good quality product with many necessary features and functions.the battery charged stays longer. light weight product
I really like the product. The phone is great. My sisters love the fact that I have finally upgraded. I had some many compliments on this product
That was a really good purchase.and fulfiled my expectation in 100%.thanks for be honest with your customers.Thanks again.
My daughter is a recent high school graduate and this was a present for her. It was her first smart phone.She did not put it down for 2 whole days. She was sure there was a front facing camera, but we googled it andfound out that was not the case.
EXCELENTE VENDEDOR REALIZARE MAS COMPRAS EN EL FUTURO, QUEDE SATISFECHO CON EL PRODUCTO Y HARE RECOMENDACIONES A TODOS LOS AMIGOS
This is my first smartphone, i haved read many reviews, articles and exchange experiences with my firend, i am not a geek or Hightech expert. I common guy, likes social netwok, games and browsing. I live in Venezuela, my carrier is Movilnet. I just took my SIM card (GSM) from old mobile phone (Huawei) and Wualaaaaaaa! start making call. Samsung and Android have great part of the mobil market USA, Europe and South America. Recomended. I gave 4 star, cause i have to configurate my new router 300 mbps more speed. I will tell u later. Thank u Amazon, good seller. Contento y satisfecho.
I like this product and the brand y very like. I used this many times and is very nice. I like it.
this is my first android phone. excellent to my needs. im learning about it but i think its awsome :)
I received the two cellular phones Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 ok, but they did not bring the user guide, the warranty card and the 2GB microsd card (memory card 2GB), I want to know if I can get those items from you without cost because on the box said that brings those items inside.Thank.
"caracas Venezuela excelente servicio lo descrito por el vendedor lo recomiendo cien por ciento justo el producto q necesitaba Gracias" "
muy buen producto... lo traje a Venezuela y trabaja excelente con la tecnologia de Movistar. lo recomiendo. el software es excelente tiene muchisimos programas compatibles
Muy buen producto. Buena presentación y excelente calidad. Presentó algunos problemas iniciales con Twitter los cuales fueron corregidos exitosamente...Excelente...Muy buena compra
It is perfect for what I need it for, I don't have a data plan and I was worried when most sellers told me I would need one and I don't :-) I am very pleased with this phone, and I would recommend this to anyone.
It's a fancy phone, multiple applications, easy to use, nice design and let me stay in touch with my friends an news trought social networks...
Good phone for the price. Pros : light weight, good screen visual even in sun. Cons - discharges fast ; low speaker volume
Doesn't have an usefull manual, but it's ok. Asking friend and toching button you can learn to use it well. To connect to the computer, please learn it at youtube.
Phone individually is awesome.. Everything came with the phone! AC adapter, wall charger headset ECT... It does work with the ATT network! Although the phone is great it comes with NO external memory.. You will have to purchase it yourself.. Phone is fast.. DEf worth the price!
I bought this Samsung phone after being tormented by software problems from my Nokia phones. This is my first phone from Samsung and my first phone from any other brand apart from Nokia. But I am very happy with this purchase. Great phone. Good battery life.Different apps are running good and easy to use. I will recommend this phone.
I got this phone a month ago and it works pretty good. There's only a few things I don't really like about it like that sometimes it can be really slow when doing just normal things like trying to get to my messages or unlocking the phone. Also, I don't have a lot of apps on it but already the internal memory is basically full. I wish it came with more internal memory. The battery life is alright, could be better and it get's annoying when you have less than half of battery life it won't let you use the camera. Other than these minor issues I think the phones pretty good.
I bought this as a gift for my cousin and she has no complaints. The packaging was brand new and the shipping was on time. It has all the specifications that you could possibly want without being overly expensive.
I bought it because of it is convenient and affordableI can recomend this product to everybodyIt`s perfectly adaptable and the display is clear and quick
very good phone, works great and easy handling really like this phone!is not complicated and your system is doing very well!
The phone is fine and it's serving it's purpose. The only problem I have is that it comes with only 4gb of ram. The ability to add memory is helpful
fue descrito igual a la pagina, la atención fue muy buena, el tiempo estimado para la llegada del pantalón fue el indicado rapido
I recommend it 100%. Is just i expected. The only problem is with the battery, the lifetime is very short, but this is normal with the smart phones.
When it comes to smartphones, I buy stuff and not brand. My BlackBerry 9700 just decided to die on me out of nowhere, so I'm in a tight budget to have a phone. Samsung is always my go-to in unplanned situation, so here I am. I don't mind the outdated OS, since I don't really work using my phone. Apps and stuff are easy to navigate and add. The camera is of good quality, but I haven't tried taking pictures at night. The speaker is good, too. Plus, mine comes with an extra back casing in white. Perhaps the only thing I haven't tried is using this outside the US. I hope I'll be able to soon.
It's a nice phone, has gingerbread android and the camera is nice too, the only problem about this model is the internal memory that is really low you have like 30mb free to install apps
Nice weight, very fast response when you touch the screen and in general has a very fast performance. The camara is fine.
Very good experience. Only thing I dont like is that the alarm will not work unless the phone is on. Maybe Samsung should develop its own app instead of using Android's alarm.
hello to amazon and hasslemy name is missihoun enagnon.I purchase my Samsung galaxy ace S5830 from hassle via amazon just 2 months ago for $204. But someone close to me into the bus Z8 to silver spring stole it yesterday in my jacket pocket.I can't call, ckeck the bus time, set the morning alarm to wake up morning to job. It look like I lost a part of me in my live. I'm so sad cause I did economy for 5 months to pay cash this phone.I love the phone but I lost it with the skin and 16G memory card and all my photos. i'm so disappointed and I wanna ask if there is any possibility to track this phone and find it.thanks a lot to help me find that beautiful phone.Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version
Excellent product, it works perfectly.
Excelente
Liked it
nice phone for android begginers of for a backup phone.
Good cell
Perfect cellphone
good
Great phone!
bien
exelnt
everything perfect with the product. recommended
Ok
El celular vino ya con gingerbread 2.3.4 precargado de la tienda, osea que no hay necesidad de actualizarlo, en el caso contrario a través del KIES también puedes actualizarlo a la última versión para este dispositivo de manera oficial 2.3.4.yo soy de Venezuela y lo puedo usar tranquilamente con Movilnet y funciona de manera esplendida la Red 3G, aunque también funciona con Movistar.El equipo la verdad es bastante rápido, muy fluido al intercambiar de una pantalla a la otra. El touch screen es realmente bueno, sobre todo para alguien como yo que en su vida había probado un celular o cualquier equipo touch screen, después de un ratito te acostumbras ;) el único inconveniente que le veo hasta ahora y no es realmente un inconveniente es que el equipo no me vino con una targeta micro sd como es la costumbre en este tipo de equipos, y sin esta sencillamente no puedes disfrutar de este como se debe, si es posible y lo consigues traten de obtener una memoria micro sd que sea por lo menos clase 6 y con las debidas configuraciones tendrás un equipo demasiado buenooooooo.En definitiva la relación precio/valor de este celular es una de las mejores que hay actualmente en el mercado, antes de comprarlo realice una búsqueda realmente extensa para tomar una decisión acertada y lo hice. Migre de un blackberry a este equipo con android, instale Whatsapp (Todos mis contanctos en blackberry tienen whatsapp) y ahora disfruto de un exelente equipo sin sacrificar ningún tipo de conectividad con mis amigos.Realmente feliz con la compra.
This is a geat phone! It looks cool, feels really good in your hand and is easy to use. I believe this model description says it comes with fryo 2.2 but it actually comes with an upgrade to 2.3. The box also contained a black and white plastic cover for the phone. Both of these were a nice surprise. The picture is clear and really nice. Netflix works really well. Android system allows for an endless supply of apps. I wanted to get an otterbox cover for this phone but it dosnt appear they make one. Oh well. The phone has been great and I would highly recommend it.
I've been using the phone for two weeks, until now everithing is ok. The phone is easy to use, intuitive and fast.You can find lots of apps for everithing, and they work fine.The only things that i don't like are the battery and the lack of an included micro sd card. I have to charge the phone twice a day if i use normally on internet and etc.. I hoped that for the price the phone include a micro sd but it doesn't.So i recomend the phone, it will do almost everithing that you need. Don't waste your money on expensive phones just for the brand.
El teleffunciona excelente y funciona en la red 850 del ice de costa rica por si tienen la duda si compran este telefono asegurece que sea version L de latinoamerica que es la que funciona con la banda 3g del ice .el telefono es muy bonito super funcional nada que envidiarle a un iphone lo unico malo que veo hasta el momento es que algunos programas se almacenan en la memoria interna y la capacidad del telefono es muy poco
Very good phone,well build but with 3 problems1-Ram memory 272mb2-Battery (must be charged every day)3-800mhz procesor not fast enoughAfter upgrade to gingerbread(kies) looks better but same speedNetflix is very slow.
* el telefonito se siente bien, comodo en la palma de la mano, diseño de buen ver, minimalista, muy parecido al iphone 4.* la pantalla de 320 x 480 pixels, 3.5 pulgadas gorilla glass resistente a rayones (evita incomodos protectores de pantalla)* 800 MHz ARM 11 processor, Adreno 200 GPU, Qualcomm MSM7227 chipset, 181MB de almacenamiento interno y 279 Mb de ram corre bien bastantes aplicaciones, se siente rapido, por supuesto hay sus excepciones* este modelo es el 5830L (en teoria para el mercado latino) las bandas 850/900/1800/1900 GSM y HSDPA 850/1900 MHz 3Gconfirmado el 3g funciona perfectamente en Costa Rica con el ICE(HSDPA 850Mhz)* el galaxy Ace viene con froyo 2.2 (actualizable a gingerbread 2.3.4)NO SE RECOMIENDA INTALAR LA VERSION EUROPEA DE GINGER 2.3.3, da varios problemas como parpadeo de pantalla, error con wi-fi, problemas con el gps y pobre desmpeño de la micro-SDya la rom para este modelo esta en la red y funciona a la perfeccioncosas a tomar en cuenta:*la duracion de la bateria es pesima, 1 dia... maximo dia y medio*no corre el adobe flash aun con ginger instaladopor lo demas muy feliz con la compra
Just added memory card, GSM Chip and it works on 850Hz /3G. It is very fast and screen is good. My first Android phone, have not updated Android System since it requires a PC and I work from a Mac.
I bought this phone for my boyfriend who lives in Costa Rica. It came exactly as described from OG Wireless (Open Group Wireless). I used my SIM card to test it and it worked perfectly! I am assuming it will work just as well with his SIM card in Costa Rica. I can't wait to give it to him! And frankly, I wish I had bought one for myself! Unlocked phones are the way to go! Don't get caught up in cellular contract deals! Buy a phone you can use anywhere with any SIM card! Phone came in original packaging with all the clear protectors like any brand new phone. Quick delivery time. Nothing but good things to say about this seller!
Great item and purchase experience. It was received right on time. The item have not presented any problem, it works correctly in Ecuador.
is very fast and very cute, I love it, applications are great and has a very good camera both photography and video I recommend it 100%
The phone has been easy to use and very versatile. I have not yet traveled to a foreign country, but I trust it will work as well there as the U. S.
well, I want to say thanks for sending the phone, I was debating weather yes or no to get it and once I got it, I had to keep this phone. Really beautiful. This is a gift and hoping not to have troubles with it. It arrived on time.Placed the battery on it and turned it on. love the screen and I am sure the person getting it will love it. I sugggest strongly this seller and great Job!!!!
Excellent phone, only problem is that the announcement of Amazon.com said HSDPA 850/1900 and sent me the version HSDPA 900/2100.Overall the phone arrived in good condition, delivery was quick.Excelente teléfono, lo único malo es que en el anuncio de Amazon.com decía HSDPA 850/1900 y me enviaron la versión HSDPA 900/2100.En general el teléfono llegó en buen estado, la entrega fue rápida.
Nice phone, got it for my wife, after she was using old flip phone for past 10 years, it is a learning curve. it has a lot of features, easy to set up and use. Needs to be charged every day.
I bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it! As a matter of fact she loves it so much that I can't get her away form it! Light and pretty easy to use. I'm happy that I got it for her.
I simply love it, at first I was scared becuase it came a little late but then, I was so happy. It works perfectly, actually I used it to write this. I've read that the battery doesn't lasts a lot but the one which my phone bringed lasts 12 hours!!!!
I have been unhappy with my phone for a while. My brother-in-law told me to buy an unlocked phone and hop on his family plan with him and we would just split the bill. Great phone for the price. Feels light but with a case it has a great feel to it. Haven't really gotten to play around with it that much because I am in school but from what I can tell this is a great phone. Will look into buying from buyer for an upgrade in the future. Fast and speedy delivery!
This was a replacement for an annual contract phone that got dropped and doesn't work anymore. Didn't want to spend too much. It doesn't have all the features of the previous phone, but the touch screen works well, picks up wifi and the calls are good. Overall pleased with this replacement.
Love this phone. Perfect size
it was brought as a gift for a friend and she loves her new phone
Product arrived in a timely manner and was a positive customer experience.
exellent
muy bueno...
good
Excelente
Great
It's a beautiful phone, but it was very hard to find a case for it, and I had to settle for a skin.
Excellent!!
still ticking after 2 year and being eaten by babies and thrown by toddlers.
Great bare bones phone for talking. Nice and simple the way my wife likes it. Flip phone design which is getting somewhat hard to find now. Good reception, call quality, extremely good battery life. This phone would probably not be so great to access web or for intensive texting, but that is not what my wife uses it for.
Bought for my mom- she loves it, we set it to vietnamese language and it works
As many reviewers have said, this is a nice phone. Simple in its offering and i think best for those who are not looking for a wide range of applications on phones. Its for my mother who insisted on a samsung flip phone and i could not find anything better.
Was looking for a basic phone, no easy task these days, and this phone is perfect. Good sound, durable, nice looking and easy to use. Great for those who like to keep it simple
This is a good basic phone for a user who needs to make and to receive calls only. The user can buy a SIM card to activate the phone line and to pay as you use along. I myself found that is more acceptable than signing a contract with the phone company in term of costs.
It is a very good phone for the price.One of the best looking phones. I gifted this mobile to my mother. It looks awesome. She loved it.
I bought this phone for my mom because her old phone broke. The battery lasts for days without charging! The phone actually arrived a few days before the estimated delivery date which is nice. Overall, the phone and buying experience is great. Would definitely buy from this seller again. Thank you!
The color of the phone is a beautiful pink. It is a long phone which I like. The only recommendation would be a full guide to be able to use all functions. Charge is good also. It lasts a long time.
Screen is big, sound is big, digi buttons are big. My mother loves it!!! I would recommend to anybody, who wants to buy it for their mother or grandmother.
Unlike the Motorola Razr V3 that we returned, this one connects perfectly with both our Xlink Gateway and the handsfree in our 2013 Subaru.
First impressions were "WOW"...An excellent gift it would make. The glossy finish on the phone is extremely nice and makes this phone look beautiful. But functionally its an average phone and serves the basic purposes.When opened the battery panel, the panel cover looked thin and breakable. For the price paid, I dont expect wonders.
Good phone, very nice pretty color; However, I would definately prefer that the phone comes with screen protector on it.
Bought this for my mother, she loved it, it's simple and very easy to use.Good battery life, very solid, and nice looking.
I have used Motorola Razr V3 cell phones for years, but have had some problems with the last two, so I thought I would try this Samsung. It has better battery life, works well without a case, and is relatively easy to use the menu. Receiving and making calls is very easy. I use it in Europe, Asia and America. I like it better than the Razrs and would definitely buy another one.
I purchased my phone from Hasslefree @ Amazon and it is phone is perfect for me. It is easy to use and the keys are large which is what I needed. It works well with my prepaid service. I will buy another one in the future. The color is my favorite.
Prettiest phone I ever owned. Downside,very bad selection of ring tones, had to pick one that sounded like it was from 1940 Poland.Also,no screen on cover to tell you the time or caller info but i knew that from the get go.All else was what I expected from a basic phone and I love it! I received the phone in record breaking time with everything I needed if I wanted to return it.I ampleased with the purchase and Polka every time my phone rings.....
got this phone for my elderly grandparents. they are very happy with the phone, very good quality and large screen and key
I purchased this cell phone for my mom. My mom really likes it. Rings are loud and front is big enough.The color is beautiful.
No problems whatsoever with this phone. In fact, after I got the first one (black) I ordered a second one (white) Wi-fi + B'tooth 100% good on both.
I am very satisfied with this cell phone - despite the recommendations of others. Easy menu. Have a 4GB SD card to store my pictures. Display big enough for all I need to see with it.
I love this phone, my first smartphone, and I am very pleased with the features it has. It is a basic yet elegant phone, great design, size and shape. Perfect for someone who is not looking to have a lot of features or is on a budget. Awesome product at a great price.
This is a great phone. I have had a lot of cell phones but this is my second trully unlocked phone. It is a bit smaller than expected but still a great buy. Capacitive touch screen is as good as any and maybe better than some. The phone memory is not great at all but I use external storage so it matters very little. The touch screen keyboard has a learning curve for those with large fingers. The free hand write mode is fantastic. Only down fall with this phone for me is it is not voice activated and it does not seem to have speed dial. I think that the memory , it being non voice activated and possibly non speed dial should be stated in the description of the phone. I would purchase for a family member or friend
If you want to save money on the purchase of an expensive cell phone, this is a good buy. It comes with a battery, charger and USB cable and had I not known I was buying a used phone, I would have thought it was new. Free shipping is a plus, also. I will certainly consider this source again next time I am looking for a cell phone.The phone is unlocked so can be used with the sim card of any service supplier, whether in the US or outside. I purchased this as a gift for someone in the Dominican Republic and there was no trouble getting service from a local supplier.The phone requires a micro sd card if you want to save music and photos, etc. That does not come with the phone so should be purchased at same time, unless you already have a card you can move from another phone.
This mobile has good functions and seems like Iphone 4S. LOL. The camera's effect is amazing. You can search free wifi by this mobile. Recommend it!
This phone is really good. The screen is capacitive, unlike the previous Samsung star, so it's really easy to use. The music player is great, and the phone supports multi-tasking (though it drags the performance down a bit). Perhaps my favorite feature about this phone is the WiFi. For those of you who don't have a data plan, and don't plan on getting one for the future, the WiFi is a really nice touch because it allows you to browse the internet without being forced in a 2-year contract. Most of the phone that have wifi are smartphone, which carriers are requiring a data plan with, but this phone is a feature phone. wifi is a great "feature" on a "dumbphone". The only problem I have with this phone is the annoying QWERTY keypad while texting. The keys are really small, and I frequently press the "back" key instead of the "backspace" key. I'm getting used to it though, and it's also helpful that this phone has a feature that is similar to android's "swype", where you slide your finger across the keyboard to type. the internet browser is good, and the phone supports youtube videos. the quality isn't the greatest for videos that have a lot of action, but for the occasional stand-up comedian video, this phone performs sufficiently. the phone sports a micro sd card slot, so I can load all my music on the card and play it on the phone. I have at&t in the us, and the phone started working immediately after i put the sim card in it. the batter life is above average, but it doesn't blow you away. overall, i'm very happy with this phone.
MUY BUENO
Thanks!
Want to start off by introducing myself. I am a 19 year old male who enjoys technology. I am NOT a heavy user (maybe 90 minutes a day using my phone except for 6-8 hours playing music), but I do spend very many hours with a new device learning every nook and cranny of it as quickly as possible.This phone is a very interesting phone. The layout is VERY similar to a smartphone, however it is NOT a smartphone at all. It is what is called a feature phone; one of the smartest and most advanced ones made as of 2013. It feels a bit smallish. To give you an idea of the size of the screen, take a 3X5 index card (the kind with lines) and fold it in thirds (90° angle to the lines). Now … cut off one of the thirds and trim off the top of the card along the red line. This is the exact size of the screen. 2 stars for screen size. It's way too small. The battery life though, probably due in part to the screen size and basic-ness of the phone, is incredible!!!! If you use your phone heavily, as in all day long from 6AM until midnight, you can use it all day without a charge. If you don't use your phone much, it can go MANY days without a charge. I think I have had up to about 4 days on my phone, but I tend to have it running a good bit for music over headphones. 5 stars for the battery life!Here is a list of the built-in features:- texting (conversation layout. Relies on the memory capacity of the phone's built-in storage. If you intend to text on this phone but also have media stored on it too, PURCHASE A MEMORY CARD!!!!! It supports multimedia messages. I am running T-Mobile on it and I have NOT been able to successfully send any multimedia as of yet. I can however receive all of them. This is a carrier problem, not a phone problem. The touch screen keyboard however is very difficult to use. I love touchscreens (I have an iPod touch, an iPhone, and have handled MANY MANY different smartphones. This is the most difficult touchscreen keyboard I have ever used. It can be used but it is difficult and will slow you down. Use with patience. Calibration (at least with this phone) may be off slightly and differs with each key. Small size doesn't help any. It is NOT impossible to use and I have gotten SIGNIFICANTLY better with it over the past month. 3 stars for texting and keyboard.- calling (supports 3+ way calling, however I have never needed to use this feature so I cannot review this feature. Calling is pretty good but not excellent. At times especially at the beginning of a call I can faintly hear my voice with varying lag times, from nearly at the same time, to up to a second behind. 4 stars for calling.- connectivity. Yes it has wifi. It's good, however it will not be anything different than its 3G connection. And it's basic 3G, nothing fancy. Not too fast but works okay. 4 stars for connectivity, both for 3G and wifi- Screenshots!!!!!! :) push the bottom middle button and the power button on the top right side at the same time.- FM radio, a very good one at that. Must use headphones for radio to work. It records too! Excellent quality recordings. Very high quality. What you hear on the radio is exactly what the recording will be. In fact if you use the music player to play back your recordings, it has an audio plack mode called 5.1CH. I don't know what that stands for, but it makes the tones sound deep and rich. I cannot gett over the quality of the output. 5 stars for the radio!- Music player. Exactly the same look and layout of a Samsung Galaxy. It plays much better and significantly louder than almost any other feature phone. I have owned 6 feature phones in my life. This one is the best one for music. 5 stars for the music player! Just be sure to purchase a memory card.- Camera. Rear-facing only. 3.2mp (megapixels), no flash. It's actually pretty good for what it is. Max resolution is 2048X1536. Here is the resolution list in MP settings … 3.2, 2.4, 2, 1.5, 1.3, and 2 for 0.1 mp: 400X240 and 320X240. The camera is highly customizable both before and after the picture is taken. It is full of very very many different editing options (for one who has the time to fish around for the fun of it) but they are all basic in nature. You can change color schemes, sharpen and blur images, even add basic clip art, words, and change font and color of words! It is an absolute blast to play with the camera. 5 stars for the camera!!!!!!!- Web browser. No exaggeration folks, but it stinks. Possibly the worst browser I've ever had. Most sites CANNOT load completely. It says it has run out of memory. The browser is sickeningly depressing. One star. However, it CAN DO YOUTUBE and it operates nicely on that site!!!!! (VERY WEIRD) The audio quality is somewhat poor and slightly garbled, and the videos aren't very clear and they are kind of grainy, but for how poor this browser is, it's shocking that it works!!!! It runs quickly and smoothly. 3 stars for YouTube.- Calculator. Very very good for a feature phone!!!! Comes with many features!!!! You can even scroll through all your old calculations! It is however a European phone and the decimals … are, well, … commas. Kind of different, but not bad! 5 stars for calculator hands-down! Incredible!Dictionary. Lots of words, a few unusual ones, but chances are that if you are a person with a very good education, and you need to reach for the dictionary, you will only find your word half the time. The definitions are broken down into extremely simple terms. EXAMPLE:Complicated: If you say that something is complicated, you mean it has so many parts or aspects that it is difficult to understand or deal with.And then there are examples of uses of the word. 4 stars for dictionary.- Notes. Good for what it is for. Basic. No need to elaborate. 3 stars because of keyboard.- clock, alarm clock, stopwatch, tasks … they all work very well. 5 stars.- calendar. Very good! Lots of things you can do with it. Very much like an iPhone calendar! 5 stars.- have not used twitter Facebook or all that other social media stuff. Cannot write a review on that- email. Plugged in all the correct information and it refused to work on both 3G and on wifi. Phone problem, not carrier or my fault.- Voice memos. Works as good as any other device. They are all almost the same. Records for 12 hours. 4 stars??? I don't know. Hard to say for sure.- Samsung apps and widget store. Blah. Stinks. Very little stuff at all. Most of it can't even be downloaded. Sometimes the very basic site itself can't even load because it says not enough memory. 1 star.- Games. Can download and run any 240X400 J2ME app for touchscreen phones. Expect only the most basic functionality of it though. The best place I have found for these apps is a place called umnet.com. Be sure to do your browsing on the COMPUTER!!!!! This phone can't load that site. There is a download page the phone can use and it is umnet.net instead. Have fun. 4 stars, but keep in mind, it's 4 stars for what it is DESIGNED to do, not for how good it is compared to a smartphone!!!!!!Well that's about it! If you are going to PURCHASE this phone, here are some helpful tips. The phone kind of has TWO DIFFERENT screen formats, each with their own style, format, layout, whatever you call it. When you "slide to unlock" the first thing you will see is a background with these app-lookin thingies called widgets. These make your phone run heavy, however they can be helpful little tools. These are downloaded from the samsung App Store. These can be added and removed by tapping the widget button on the top left of the screen. A row of app icons will appear at the bottom of the screen. Those are all your widgets. You can scroll through those. To open them, slide them vertically out of the row and onto the screen. To close them, slide them off the screen down into the little scrolling row. To edit the number of screens, STILL IN WIDGET MODE, turn the screen horizontally (landscape mode) the + signs add screens, the delete symbols delete screens. Press the done button when you are finished with your editing.The other apps screen is when you push the middle home button. These are all your real apps I wrote a review on. These CANNOT be moved to your widget screen. To leave the apps screen press the end call button on the right side of the middle button. When you open an app if you press the home button it takes you to the apps screen and the power button takes you to the widgets screen. Many apps can all run at the same time. To force close programs, hold down the home button. Tap the delete button to force close.On any screen if you run your finger from the very top of the screen downward, it opens your notification and quick settings tab. You can turn on and off wifi, Bluetooth, and silent mode from here. Also if you have your music or radio running, all that can be changed from here as well … change track, play and pause, and change frequency or pause radio in the radio.
Used it on AT&T without data plan. Good for someone looking for voice only. It has Wifi and can connect to internet. Guess it should work on any network in US.
Good Phone for Kids that you don't want to pay for a data plan. Takes a little work and google hunting to get the configuration for the internet to work with all apps and mms at the same time but once set it works great.
Much better condition than I expected. In fact, it looked like new, and it was delivered quickly.Just what I needed for an older person with memory issues. All they have to do is flip it open, and it answers. Easy.
love the phone
I like this model of phone because it has a loud speaker and I'm hard of hearing. My old one died and I found this one which was used and rated "good". When I received it, the quality was way better. I am very happy with this purchase!
My wife likes it.
I just received this SCH-U540 from amazon seller DEALSCALY and I'm very happy. I bought it to replace my old u540 which had a couple buttons die after 5 years. My only complaint is that the battery cover on this new phone is quite a bit thicker, possibly to accommodate an extended life battery which was not included. No problem, i put my old battery cover on the new phone and i'm in HEAVEN! BTW i'm 27yrs old and flip phones are still the only way to go for me.
This review is for a used Samsung Sch U540 that I bought from ReCellulartoo. This is a replacement for the identical phone that I have had for about five years. I have significant hearing loss and I have not been able to find a more featured model with the same high volume level and sound quality than my original Samsung U540 that I could use on the Verizon network. Very Frustrating. I looked at IPhones, Androids, etc. but the volume is not as loud as this ancient phone. So, I bought two used phones hoping that one would work. Surprise: they both work; the sound quality and volume are the same as the original and I am a happy camper!The phones do not come with an owners manual but they are available for download on the Web. Verizon activated one phone for me with no difficulty and now I have a spare!
I bought this phone to replace a phone my grown daughter lost. She is happy with it, except it is too old a model to be able to have her phone numbers backed up on it with auto backup. That was dissappointing and a hassel for her, but she likes the phone otherwise. We only use the phone as a phone, no texting or web is on our service.
I got this for my father. He had the old razor phone and didn't want a smartphone. He like the old fashion flip phone. He is very pleased with this phone. Not a big difference from his old phone. Only issue I am running into is that he wants a car charger for it and it is difficult one to find but I will be looking here again! Thank you Amazon!
I had previously owned this particular cell phone and it worked great until my Great Dane puppy decided to sharpen his teeth on it. I was surprised that I could still purchase the old 'clam shell' type phone but there it was. I have no interested at this time in texting so this cell phone is perfect for me. I worry that if something happens to this one, there may not be anymore to purchase.
Would recommend for anyone who doesn't want a so-called smart phone. It works great, does blue-tooth just fine. Lots of features available - all I want is a reliable "hello-goodbye." This phone does the job.
This is a fine phone. But I had to return it to the vendor. It was used (which I knew before buying). However, the asking price was too great for the amount of wear and tear the previous owner(s) had done to the unit.The company was great shipping was fast and I had no problems with the returns and refund
This is a very old type of cellphone, It was chosen to help someone non technical and does a good job at that.
I got this for my mom since her original phone broke. She really likes it. She said it works well for her and she likes the size.
Working great love it
This phone was sold at a great price. It arrived in excellent condition and is working well. The item was well packaged, arrived quickly and is everything promised. A great investment for me.
Works just fine.
I have enjoyed using even though my niece thinks it is out of date. There a so may good features to the phone.
Had all the features of the phone we owned which broke. My techno challenged husband loves the simplicity of understanding that goes with this models features.A good shopping experience.
An excellent simple slider phone for someone who just wants to call and text. Has large enough numbers to read and use. Has capability of having an outdoor ring that is very loud. I love this phone. My last three phones have been this phone. The last two phones played out because they got water damage.
I have had this model for several years, but it is now in bad shape so I was very happy to find the same model again as the new non smart phones are not as nice these days.
My husband love this phone is simple and works perfect. The audio is good, the camara is not that good, he uses the speaker a lot instead of grabbing the phone
Samsung SGH a777 -this phone is a great phone for anyone who is not on plan. You don't have to pay an expensive price for plan every month.
I have injoyed this phone .I wish it had hearing aid to plug in but I like it .and Iwould recamend this phone to anyone -to Fishermen.hunters and people that work Construction .its rugged .
Exactly what I needed to replace an older model (5 years!!).Works perfectly one-handed. Especially with my arthritus!This is the type of operation we need more of!!
I had ordered a Samsung A777 off of eBay and it claimed to be in excellent condition. It was horrible and I sent it ack. I was very Leary of buying another used phone, but I took a chance. Phone was in great condition and I'm very happy with my purchase.
This phone has all of the features I need. I guess I'm old school. Staying with what I'm use to. GPS capability and yellow pages to name a few.
If you only want a simple cell phone, this one works well. Calls are easily made and received with clarity. The only drawback is the battery, requiring daily recharging.
good price, like slider phones and this one slides nicely, nice big screen, plenty of options available under "My Stuff"
Would have given higher rating but all old info on phone was still on it. Had to delete inappropriate pictures and text messages and all old numbers. On the up side I did receive before promised, which really saved because my old phone died on me.
It was exactly like the one my husband dropped in the water It was brand new and it works perfectly.
One of two of ours went white screen after 4 plus years of hard use. Ordered here and received it within a few days-fast. The phone is NEW. good purchase.Pros. Reliable, good volume, small.Now for the cons. Battery life is two days, my wifes was the same (expect her new one to be no different). Tried new battery's with the same results. Thats if you are mostly on standby and do not play with any of the menu settings or actually get or make some calls. Then it needs recharging daily. The dialup buttons are definitely in the way as they want you online to spend your bucks. Camera is very poor. Bottom line, there's almost no competition nowadays in the sensible dumb phone market, so all in all its not bad. Beats packing something the size of a smart phone around as some of us more mature folks just want to make actual phone calls. For the hearing impaired go to menu/settings/phone/T coil mode and change to ON.Why do I rate it so high after saying what I did? Well, after using the 777 all of the others went into the dresser drawer and will stay.
My husband loves this phone! He had the red one, but unfortunately it didn't hold up through the washing machine. :) Anyway, his contract can't be renewed yet, and he wanted another phone like the one he had, so I ordered this one for him (only difference from previous phone is color). He doesn't text or use the internet. This is a good basic phone!
I needed to replace my phone similar to this model, something simple. If you are looking for a phone that does not require a data plan, I recommend this phone. My friend also use this phone for almost 2 years and never had a problem.
I lost my first one broke the second one and I love this one. The battery does not last real long otherwise it has evertything i want
The Samsung SGHa777 is a super "old school" phone! Easy to use if you want basic Non"smart Phone" features!!! I find it easy to navigate and it is very uncluttered!
The phone is exactly what it was supposed to be. In fine working condition and exactly what I requested.I have been using this phone model phone about 4 years. I have replaced it one other time. I love this unit.
Unfortunately, we were unable to use this phone due to battery issues and timing. (My father had to go on a business trip in a hurry.) I must say that the seller was very understanding and helpful with the entire situation. He offered to send me a new battery, right away. He was very quick to accomodate me. I received quick responses to my questions and nothing but positive feedback. I will definitely use this company for my future purchases. Thank you for all of your help. it is nice to see good customer service, for a change. :-)
I have had the same phone for the past four years and mine was ready to bit the dust. I wanted the same - just a phone - which meets my needs.
had an older version this phone isjust what I was looking for!! would reccomend this phone to any one...
The main reason for purchasing this phone was due to the ease of using it. It was purchased for an older individual who doesn't need all the extras that a young adult would have craved for. This phone seems much more sturdier & better quality than some others out there on the market. I had also considered the price, along with having read the reviews pertaining to this particular vendor. Shipping and packing of this item was great.
Phone is sturdy and has the basic features I need. I really wanted a Samsung A737 but was unable to get one that worked. This phone is an OK alternate. It is very sturdy and calling is the same but texting takes extra steps (not so happy about that). But since I wanted a slide phone, this is the only one I could find.
I absolutely love my phone Thinking about ordering another one so thatif I lose this one I will have another one for spare.
This phone is well worth the small amount we paid for it. I am going to order another soon so that is testament to the phone. It has a camera, video and for me that is enough extras as I live in Costa Rica. But it has much more which someday I will take the time to learn to use.
I love the phone itself but the battery is CRAP! I know I can probably just get a new battery and that would probably fix it but yeah. Other than the battery, it's a good phone.
So far it is a good phone, I did not want to get into another contract so I got this simple phone, so far not bad. Reception seems OK and text messaging comes through good. Price was not bad.
It is working out just fine for me.
just as described..thx
excellent
Purchased for significant other when he lost his phone. He is very happy with it.
it works like a brand new phone I would recommend this company .they sell a quality product and would purchase another one rron them
Love it ,love it. Maybe not as special as the i phones but works great for someone who wants real easy.
this nice little phone, works well and seems to be durable and user friendly. Great bang for the buck .
This phone works well, has good sound quality, and is ideal for someone who just uses basic talk and text.
Just what I was looking for to replace my similar phone which got wet. Came promptly and was much cheaper than the one my service provider was offering
This is a great "basic" phone - Other basic flip phones always broke at the hinge after about a year and were made of cheap plastic. This phone is made of substantial materials and the slide design is very sturdy, plus helps protect the keyboard. I also like how the slide feature elongates the phone, so the mouthpiece is down by my mouth - don't feel like I need to remove the phone from my ear in order to talk into the microphone. And even though it's "basic" by today's standards, it has a GPS feature that serves as a 411 or map directions. Nice big screen, easy to view, has the basic camera... Sound is great and speaker feature very loud and clear. Great product, especially for the price. I took it for a swim with me, so I'm having to replace it and thankful I found it on Amazon, because the stores claim these basic phones aren't available anymore.
First I got the phone unlock to ATT, but the seller send to me the unlocked code and it work very well in my Red GSM
I purchased this phone in desperation. Orignally I paid $200.00 for a smartphone but I could not hear the conversation clearly no matter what I did. I also could not hear it "ring" even if I put the "ring" on the highest volume level and set the profile to "outdoor" <= this is the loudest profile available. Aside from being able to hear clearly or even being heard clearly, the monthly cost was $60.00+. The phone was so bad, I gladly paid the $300.00 penalty fee and moved to another carrier whose monthly cost was $10.00/month with a free phone. The free (non-smart) phone met my needs but the speakers in the phone obviously could not handle the loudest setting. (I think they cracked. a clear case of you get what you don't pay for.) Because my current $10/month carrier was ATT (uses SIM CARD), I was limited in my choices for a new phone. That is where the SAMSUNG SGH a777 comes in. For approx. $50.00 I got a phone with potential. I can activate the "smartphone" features (data, internet access, email capable, SMS, 3G, etc.)if I wish and if I only want an "ordinary" phone, it works just fine. I slipped in my sim card and voila! It worked seamlessly with my new carrier. FEATURES: It has several options to create your personal menu(s) - effectively alleviating the need to scroll through multi-levels and sub-levels to access one feature. (e.g. MENU/MY STUFF/TOOLS/Calculator, or Currency converter, or World time, or Recent calls, etc. is now just OPTIONS/Calculator, or Currency converter, or World time, or Recent calls, etc. CAPS = 1 LEVEL each.) Not only can you set your own menu(s) but there are extra blanks to create/add functionality! I primarily wanted a solid reliable phone. Just a phone - period. No bells or whistles. The only "CON" for me is that the camera is only 1.3 megs. That is pretty bad but I carry a point and shoot when I need photos. So not a real deal breaker. I am just glad to get a phone that works - well. By the way, I ended up buying another one for future use in case I lost this one or damaged it in some way - basically I got a backup phone because I liked it so much. Cheers!
Please see my replies to comments from highflyer, R. L. Miller, and sunshine79.I received my first SGH-A777 phone in 2009-May, and it worked great for my use -- cell. phone with simple PDA functions, still/video camera, and audio recorder. I don't have a data plan, so I can't attest to its utility for texting, navigating the web, GPS tracking, etc.After the flex cable broke in 2011-Dec, I ordered a replacement via Amazon. I bought the unlocked phone from PLANETCELL.COM.BR for $46! [See my Seller Feedback for price comparisons.] The main PCB (with CPU and radio module) has the same revision code ("2008 08 27 Rev 0.5"), but the firmware was updated with a few more features. I temporarily swapped out the main PCB to recover my data that can't be stored on the mini-SD card. (Sshhh! Don't tell anyone I voided the warranty.) I'll buy the $4 flex cable to fix the old one, so I'll have a back-up.Anyway, I do wish the phone could save copies of the Notes, Tasks, Events, and Alarms onto the mini-SD card. Since they can only be stored in the phone's memory, the allocation is static and cannot be increased -- another shortcoming. I also wish the Currency Converter allowed the conversion table coefficients to be imported and exported (up-to-date data from [...]). It's good that it allows me to add currencies. [Other phone vendors tend to allow only one converter coefficient, which must be manually entered each time the function is started.] I wish the calculator allowed memory locations to store/recall computed values; it would be great to have more math, scientific, and programming functions. It's good that it allows me to enter and edit the expression, and it supports precedence rules and parentheses. The tip calculator should have the ability to compute each person's share of tax and tip based on their purchases, rather than split everything up evenly. [What if I eat filet mignon with a nice cab, and my friend gets crab bisque with a CdQ? OK, I'm daydreaming.] I also want a Cut&Paste feature, as that will work well for phone numbers and numeric data when dealing with messages, phone book, conversions, etc. OMG, there should be an app. for that!P.S.: Calendar Events and Tasks neither wake up the phone nor are tagged as Missed Events if, at the programmed Alarm date/time, the phone is off. This also applies to Alarms, unless Auto Power-up is On -- that's a great feature if you turn off the phone to avoid distractions, but it can be embarassing if you're at 35,000 ft. and the phone is packed in your bag in the overhead bin. In this configuration, the alarm wakes up the phone, regardless of Airplane Mode setting. I pop out the battery pack to avoid surprises because the 25-button disabling sequence is a bit long, and later must be reversed to restore the normal operating state. [SW version A777UCHI5, no shortcuts: Open, Menu.Settings(9).SoundProfile(1).Silent(vSave), Phone(4).AirplaneMode(6).On(^SelBack*2), MyStuff(7).Tools(^^^Sel).Alarms(3).AutoPower-up(6).Off(vSelBack*4), Off(Press&HoldRedKey), Close]
I was expecting the blue version of this phone but received the red which is fine as well... the product was packaged very well and not damaged at all and had everything in it was supposed to. It also arrived early which was a plus. It wasnt supposed to arrive until after the 9th and i received it on the 5th. so far im very pleased and would recommend this seller to friends.
I love this phone and is much better than the one I was using. I have not had any dropped calls and people can hear me well. The slide function is very nice and it is a great phone.
It has been a very good phone, very strong many times I thought it broke into pieces after dropping it but to my surprise it is fine.
Great for the price...
Replaced an existing phone with this identical one. Works great - good value.
Very happy with items. Received as advertised.
Looking for a simple phone ... Here it is. Works great for everything I need
Love it works like new.
Very good phone for a good price, although this is the second one I've ordered because the battery stopped working in the first. The money saved on not going through the phone company outweighs the cons though.
My husband really needed another phone and this was very close to the one he already has.
Good Deal!
Perfect
My older SGH a737 died and I wanted a simple, small phone. This updated (but still older) model is sleeker than the 737, otherwise identical features. Only complaint is that this model burns through batteries faster than the a737, even though it has a larger battery. I used to get a week between recharges with little phone use and no data use, now I get 2-3 days. I was lucky to find another a737 so I purchased that also, as prices are so cheap, and may go back to that model.
if I had a fully functioning phone it would work very good
was in excellent condition and was very satisfied. one small flaw though with glue, or some kind of paste,sticking out along edges of screen.
Great spare as long as ATT doesn't discontinue comparability
This phone lasted a long time and served me well.
great product, fast shipping, great price, great seller
good
My mom liked the phone a lot just the numbers where to small for eyes but she . Would order a phone from themagain
Even though it was a slight upgrade from the other one that I owned. It is easy to use and does the job that it has to.
Exactly what we wanted
Love this phone, small enough to fit in pocket, does all that is needed, slider works great.
nice little phone for someone like my mother, who wouldn't know what to do with a smart phone.
Great phone and great price. Bought it for an exact replacement for one that started acting up after 4 years or so!
I had one befor I had blue my wife has red we love the sgh a 777 phone
If you only want a simple cell phone, this one works well. Calls are easily made and received with clarity. The only drawback is the battery, requiring daily recharging.
good price, like slider phones and this one slides nicely, nice big screen, plenty of options available under "My Stuff"
Would have given higher rating but all old info on phone was still on it. Had to delete inappropriate pictures and text messages and all old numbers. On the up side I did receive before promised, which really saved because my old phone died on me.
It was exactly like the one my husband dropped in the water It was brand new and it works perfectly.
One of two of ours went white screen after 4 plus years of hard use. Ordered here and received it within a few days-fast. The phone is NEW. good purchase.Pros. Reliable, good volume, small.Now for the cons. Battery life is two days, my wifes was the same (expect her new one to be no different). Tried new battery's with the same results. Thats if you are mostly on standby and do not play with any of the menu settings or actually get or make some calls. Then it needs recharging daily. The dialup buttons are definitely in the way as they want you online to spend your bucks. Camera is very poor. Bottom line, there's almost no competition nowadays in the sensible dumb phone market, so all in all its not bad. Beats packing something the size of a smart phone around as some of us more mature folks just want to make actual phone calls. For the hearing impaired go to menu/settings/phone/T coil mode and change to ON.Why do I rate it so high after saying what I did? Well, after using the 777 all of the others went into the dresser drawer and will stay.
My husband loves this phone! He had the red one, but unfortunately it didn't hold up through the washing machine. :) Anyway, his contract can't be renewed yet, and he wanted another phone like the one he had, so I ordered this one for him (only difference from previous phone is color). He doesn't text or use the internet. This is a good basic phone!
I lost my first one broke the second one and I love this one. The battery does not last real long otherwise it has evertything i want
The Samsung SGHa777 is a super "old school" phone! Easy to use if you want basic Non"smart Phone" features!!! I find it easy to navigate and it is very uncluttered!
The phone is exactly what it was supposed to be. In fine working condition and exactly what I requested.I have been using this phone model phone about 4 years. I have replaced it one other time. I love this unit.
Good
I ordered this phone for my 78-year old mother. She constantly breaks her cell phones, so I have to replace them 1-2x a year. She doesn't know how to use a smartphone, but she's good with basic phones. This one is a great little user-friendly phone. Loud ringtones and useful features. Mom is happy. The phone arrived quickly and in great condition. I would purchase from this seller again.
Great!
Just as expected
Nice and small for pocket. Usually takes two hands to open sliding keyboard, not that convenient. Strong signal capture.
I go through several phones a year. I love these because they're inexpensive and can handle a beating. I've had 10 of 'em over the years. They've survived taking video running with the bulls on separate occasions, another I dumped in the Amazon after dragging it up Machu Picchu. Dried it out, still had all my pics. It says it has Bluetooth, internet and music storage capacity, but I've never challenged that.My techno-savvy pals poke fun at it, but I've never had to spend a day visiting an apple store for assistance.
We have used three of these phones. My husband wore out 2 and used mine after I bought an Iphone. He prefers these because it is small enough to fit in his shirt pocket and he can button the pocket and it does not fall out. He is a truckdriver and hauls liquids and asphault and can not afford to have something fall into the tanks or tanker trailer. And he can text and take pictures when necessary. He does not need all the other features.
For dad
I have enjoyed using even though my niece thinks it is out of date. There a so may good features to the phone.
Had all the features of the phone we owned which broke. My techno challenged husband loves the simplicity of understanding that goes with this models features.A good shopping experience.
An excellent simple slider phone for someone who just wants to call and text. Has large enough numbers to read and use. Has capability of having an outdoor ring that is very loud. I love this phone. My last three phones have been this phone. The last two phones played out because they got water damage.
I have had this model for several years, but it is now in bad shape so I was very happy to find the same model again as the new non smart phones are not as nice these days.
My husband love this phone is simple and works perfect. The audio is good, the camara is not that good, he uses the speaker a lot instead of grabbing the phone
Samsung SGH a777 -this phone is a great phone for anyone who is not on plan. You don't have to pay an expensive price for plan every month.
I have injoyed this phone .I wish it had hearing aid to plug in but I like it .and Iwould recamend this phone to anyone -to Fishermen.hunters and people that work Construction .its rugged .
I had ordered a Samsung A777 off of eBay and it claimed to be in excellent condition. It was horrible and I sent it ack. I was very Leary of buying another used phone, but I took a chance. Phone was in great condition and I'm very happy with my purchase.
This phone has all of the features I need. I guess I'm old school. Staying with what I'm use to. GPS capability and yellow pages to name a few.
good
Needed a phone to travel in Europe. It did everything that I needed it to do at a very reasonable price. The charger connector is a Samsung connector.
gave to friend. He likes it. simple and cheap
this order is in a good term and condition as written in the page of order received in time in a shape sa shown in the picture
The family has three Samsung A237s. These phones are used in France, USA, Netherlands and Ireland with a variety of interchangable SIM cards. Changing cards and frequencies is very easy. Compact clamshell size makes them perfect for travel. Battery life is very good as is sound quality both sending and receiving.
replaced Nokia piece of trash
Perfect flip phone.
Good decision not to upgrade. Was like new. I've had this simple phone for several years. Very Happy with purchase
Made a good replacement for my older version. Thus far, pleased and ordered a 2nd one for my daughter. Thanks!
It still had the previous owners phone numbers on it. Other than that fine.
i must admit i had issues with this phone when i got it but the supplier quickly responded to my messages and we worked it out. the phone is exactly what it is described as, it came in a timely manner and it works overseas very good. i would encourage anyone to buy it.
If you are looking for a simple phone, this will work for you. Unfortunately, it would not work with T-mobile so I had to return it.
Replaced my old phone that got run over by my car when my phone slipped out of my pocket (still tried to boot up when turned on, but shattered screen meant I had to replace it). "New" one worked like a charm with my sim card, have had nothing but competent functionality from it. Love these little tanks!
I purchased this phone for international travel. I'm on Verizon and don't have a phone that works overseas. I've used this in conjuction with various SIM cards without any problems in various European countries. Sound quality is fine. All I need is a basic phone for calls, so this works just fine for my needs.
This SAMSUNG old school phone was an absolute delight, even in 2016 :) Design is clean and simple. Battery lasts for days. Thanks.
The phone came in almost perfect condition, and all i did was pop my sim card in, and it worked!!
great little flip phone
I bought this phone to replace the one I had just like it that decided to die. It's small, compact and easy to use. This phone doesn't have all the big fancy bells and whistles the newer phones do, but it has plenty of features for me. I'm not a tech geek so this little phone suits my needs just fine.
We buy them to give to others.
all right for what it is.
Simple to use and easy to carry, which meets my personal needs and keeps me safe should I need emergency assistance. My home computer satisfies all my other needs and I don't need to carry it around with me.
If you just need to text and call...this is the phone for you. Very small and light weight as well.
Purchased the phone for to use abroad for my son. He uses it for local calls within Europe. Works fine.
Phone arrived faster than expected. Took a full charge fast and The AT&T Simm Chip went right in and all my contacts were restored.
A VERY NICE PHONE THAT IS SIMPLE AND EASY TO CARRY. IF YOU WANT A NO FRILLS PHONE,THIS IS IT!!!SPEAKERPHONE IS GOOD AND RUBBER KEYS ARE GOOD FOR TEXTING. I RECOMMENDED THIS TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS AND SO FAR THEY LOVE IT!!!!
It was everything that the seller said it was. It works well, and came with the necessary accessories. The battery life is go, and the sould quality is average. But I bought this as a replacement phone and it does what I needed it to do.
I needed a small phone to take overseas and use with a different company. It fits the bill and does a great job. My only complaint is that the signal is weak sometimes.
Worked perfectly fine in US, UK and Russia. Unfortunately, was stolen in Moscow, so, it seams, thieves valued it, too.Overall is a great price/performance value for international travelers.
I was very happy with the prompt response when I had a issue with delivery and tracking
I purchased this phone for my wife. Her requirements were, easy to use, easy to read, must have bluetooth,and should not be to big.This phone seems to be just right.Her only negative was it has a very limited number of preloaded ring tones. It does have the ability to browse the web but it was not a priorty for us with this phone.
THE PHONE WAS GREAT AND THE DEALER WAS AWSOME, BUT IT DIDN'T HAVE A CAMERA. NONE OF THE PHONES I WAS RESEARCHING HAD ALOT OF DISCRIPTION. I'M WONDERING IF IT WAS BECAUSE OF WHAT THE SITE ALLOWS. ANY WAY ASK PLENTY OF QUESTIONS ABOUT PHONE AND MAKE SURE IT HAS ALL YOU WANT. THIS DEALER WAS VERY UNDERSTANDING AND HAD NO TROUBLE SENDING BACK.
The phone is great for seriously harsh environments. Desert dust and sand don't affect it at all, reception is good. What really sets this phone apart, however, is the excellent customer service I received from the reseller, SoonerSoft Electronics.
Neat for a person who is not tech savvy
The phone works fine for a basic phone which is what we needed.
There are some scratches, but that was already notified to me prior to purchasing. I really like this phone! It's bigger than expected, but it is also very slim. Overall I really like it!
The product looks brand new. It only has one very minor blemish which I was expecting a used product to be in a little worse shape. My mother has had her phone for 6 years and this company was able to keep her happy by having one of these older phones in stock. They promised it would arrive in 6 to 12 days and it arrived in 2 days. That was fantastic!!!!! I would buy from this company with no hesitation in the future.. Thank you for keeping my mother of 87 years happy.
Bought this for my Step Father cause Mom has one and she likes it. Good price and great value for the money.
It is a good phone i bought it for my dad and he love this phone easy to maneuver.works pretty good
Don't expect a smartphone, but it's a great phone if you're looking to go cheap! I save money by using this with my iPod touch.
The Samsung SGH-A707 was purchased as a replacement to a previous A707 model. The wife distroys a phone every year.The SGH-A707 is easy to use. I had to take the phone down to the AT&T Store and have it unlocked.
The fastest service ever on a really great phone. Seller not only was speedy and A+++ but kept in touch with me over ship time, etc... Very happy!
The seller of the phone warned it had been dropped in water which I thought was an honest jesture, so I purchased his product and took a chance for the low price he had set. I received the product promptly and it worked perfectly. I had dropped a cell phone in water before and put a blow dryer on it and it worked so I took the chance and I am very pleased with my cell phone. I would recommend this seller and be a customer for him, thank you.
excellent telephone and quick shipment, this cellular one is a marvel, he/she came in their new box and it works of marvel, I hope it lasts me as others that I have had of the same one.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my Mom. She destroyed her Las one by going into the pool with it in her pocket. She was very glad to get back a phone that had just the right amount of bells & whistles.
This is plenty of phone for those who want nice little extra features without going android. Fairly low EMF, functional camera that is not all that bad really for just taking fairly close up phone shots. Decent sound but does take a bit of getting used to as the sound quality itself projects differently than on some cellphones. Hard to explain but you almost want to figure out where the speaker is on it, precisely! Speaker phone is adequate if you are in a quiet setting. I don't use the other functions but they are all there including the web and blue tooth. Hubby uses the bluetooth on his for driving and says it works fine. Size is sturdy if you don't like the super slim phones that easily slip out of older fingers and will just fit tidily into a backpocket. Ringer is nice and loud at full volume and can be turned down to the point it only vibrates. The vibration will catch your attention in a pocket for sure but can also make it jump off a counter so keep it away from the edges of surfaces. Front display is good sized and clear and the well lit keypad is large enough even for middle agers to be pleased with. Nice size photo display inside also for placing your favorite snaps of loved ones. We have had ours several months without any notable issues using Tmobil. If they last as long as the previous Samsungs we will be more than happy with this purchase also. Plain phone for plain good use; nothing more and nothing less.
A great phone for the price. The camera is nice because now I can download my pictures on to my computer, which I could not do with my old phone.
This cell phone was in perfect condition and it shipped in a decent amount of time. It was exactly what I needed and just as advertised. I was able to get the data I needed off my broken one by using this one with no problem and now I can use my old one for spare parts. So happy they had this phone.
Worked perfect. My daughter is blind and needed a phone with voice command. Although is it very basic it works perfectly for him
no charger came with that phone. Phone onlythat was a little bit of a disappointment. as you can see in the photo it clearly show a charger.
This is an older model phone that I got for my aging mother-in-law to add her to our family phone plan to lower her phone expenses. She was using a pay as you go service. She's been using it for over a month and seems to find it just as easy to use as her old phone. Most of these phones that you will find on the market will be used as this one was, but despite a few innocuous scratches on the back cover the phone works perfectly. Just what she needed, no frills, no ups, no extras. She uses it to talk to her sisters.
This phone worked out very well for my Wife. She was dreading having to learn a new phone after just getting very familiar with the t-259.
Got this simple flip phone for my dad. The camera is pretty good for a 2 megapixel and connectivity is good too.
Replaces my previous phone (which I dropped and broke) until I can decide on a smart phone. Easy to use.
A GOOD NO NOSENSE PHONE AND REALLY SMARTER THAN A SMART PHONE LONG BATTERY LIFE LAST OVER A WEEK WITH AVERAGE USE WITH OUT RECHARGING A GOOD WORKING MAN PHONE THE NEW MODEL T159 IS SMALLER AND NOT AS GOOD I HAD MINE 2 YEARS NO PROBLEM MY CAMERA STOP WORKING WHEN I GOT IT WET.BUT EVERTHING ELSE STILL WORKS GOOD IM 65 YEARS OLD A GOOD PHONE FOR SENIORS AND HARD WORKING MEN AND WOMEN WHO WORK OUTDOORS. LIKE MYSELF I DO YARDWORK I HAVE MY OWN LAWN BUISNESS BYRDMAN OF JACKSONVILLE NC PS ALSO GOOD LOUD VOLUME AND GOOD VIBRATIONS LIKE THE BEACH BOYS IN THE SILENT MODE
was a good phone
I love this little slider for the ease of use and the small form factor. Not a smart tablet but great if you want the basics. Easy to carry and simple to use. Great battery life.
I purchased this Slider Phone to replace a previous one and was not disappointed. It does what it says and holds up well for my needs. The price was just right.
It is the best model cell phone that is made; ease of use, plenty of built in features, speakerphone, nice sounding ringtones,and this is my second one. Also has a camera. The slide is a fun feature. Again, ease of use. Bought on Amazon.com
I needed a phone cause i lost my HTC in the river:( so i am saving for a new one but not an HTC i wouldn't recommend that phone ( just saying ) but i got this phone and it was a great shape like new and the sound and everything is fine, not a phone i would like to have all the time but its a good back up plan if u need one for the mean time.
was a good phone
I love this little slider for the ease of use and the small form factor. Not a smart tablet but great if you want the basics. Easy to carry and simple to use. Great battery life.
I purchased this Slider Phone to replace a previous one and was not disappointed. It does what it says and holds up well for my needs. The price was just right.
It is the best model cell phone that is made; ease of use, plenty of built in features, speakerphone, nice sounding ringtones,and this is my second one. Also has a camera. The slide is a fun feature. Again, ease of use. Bought on Amazon.com
I needed a phone cause i lost my HTC in the river:( so i am saving for a new one but not an HTC i wouldn't recommend that phone ( just saying ) but i got this phone and it was a great shape like new and the sound and everything is fine, not a phone i would like to have all the time but its a good back up plan if u need one for the mean time.
I have had 3 of this phone. Could not find it for the price I paid for it on this site. Love it
Coudnt fin this phone anywhere but I found it here and it was great!! The price was good and it looked brand new!!
I purchased this phone for my mom so she can text. I didn't want to upgrade my contract with tmmobile so I bought a phone with no contract. This phone was shipped very quickly and works great. It was exactly as described. Works great, my mom is very happy with it and I think the price is very good too!
Product came quickly and as described! I was so pleased with the purchase that I bought two more.Great service!
this cell is fine! it's very clear, Perice, and very easy to use. i also bought the plastic clear protective case which is very easy to install, and the slide feature to text works with no problem at all. i recommend this cell to anyone who still wants numbers to dial instead of a touch screen, and you still will be popular with your peers! best.
i was very pleased with purchased phone delievery was very prompt, earlier than told phone in great condition and price was excellant
I ordered this phone as a replacement phone for my grandson. He was very pleased with it and it was in excellent condition.
good product
It arrived on 9 June and was put to use on 10 June. My daughter loves it.
I will die if I this phone is ever completely hard to find.
Good
I received it quickly. It works just fine and came in original box with instructions from the factory. Would have liked to seen a SIM card in the box tho!
This is a sturdy, easy phone to use.Second one we have bought and it works great! We have had good luck with Samsung phones.
I have had 3 of this phone. Could not find it for the price I paid for it on this site. Love it
Coudnt fin this phone anywhere but I found it here and it was great!! The price was good and it looked brand new!!
Product came quickly and as described! I was so pleased with the purchase that I bought two more.Great service!
this cell is fine! it's very clear, Perice, and very easy to use. i also bought the plastic clear protective case which is very easy to install, and the slide feature to text works with no problem at all. i recommend this cell to anyone who still wants numbers to dial instead of a touch screen, and you still will be popular with your peers! best.
Good phone for the price. Good camera and works well with all the programs I use. Downside is the battery doesn't make it through the day when you use it a lot.
As indicated about the scratch but overall it is a fantastic purchase and thank you very much I am enjoying it everyday.
Nice purchase
Goo
It looks good and in a good condition
my first smart phone (so nothing to really compare it to) it has been great for me so far, some issues with my network, but I don't believe it has anything to do with the phone itself.. great phone so far, I have no complaints...
Great product for the value. On time delivery, without issues.
Shipped in timely manor. Worked perfectly for price. Not too worn for used phone.
Is a fine phone
works amazingly well best choice up here i love it but it does lag since it is a older model
This phone has completely changed my mind. Yes, apple has some great products-ones that i still will use daily.But this samsung Galaxy tops the iphone. I like the playstore more than the Itunes, or appstore. The phone screen seems bigger and it feels amazing in my hand, i fell in love instantly. This phone has many motion activated actions that improve its quality like turning it over to mute it. I highly recommend it. If you are an apple fan, you can still go check one out at a local store and you will see that it has great features and at a lower cost in most cases.
but its just like new just buy a case for it I would suggest I had mine for 1 day n it fill
Amazing phone..still learning the many features that it provides. I am highly satisfied. It's in excellent condition. All applications are in perfect working order, I highly recommend it.
So far I will say this is a very good phone the call clarity is good considering I am using T mobile which can leave a little to be desired. The only problem I have with this phone is it seems I have to reset it daily or it operates a little strange sometimes like I do not receive calls of voice messages. Not sure if it is the phone or the carrier that is causing this problem besides that I love the phone and the images are very clear in my opinon better then the overpriced Apple phone.
I love this phone. It's light and it does everything I need it to. So glad I got this instead of the 3. But once this phone runs dead I'll go to the 3 but I seriously LOVE THIS PHONE. It's like my little baby it has survived A LOT!
Got mine as a replacement after breaking my Nexus 4. My version, T989-SGHUVL14 is still stuck on ICS 4.0.4 when most devices are at KitKat or Jelly Bean. Not a deal breaker personally, considering I got mine for a steal but do keep this in mind when making a decision. It's the only qualm you may have about the device.
i love it Thank you for the Phone It Have No Prombles At All And The Phone Looks Great To Me
I had the Samsung Galaxy S1 t959 Vibrant. Liked that one, but wanted a couple extra features it didn't have. Wasn't going to consider the S3 or S4, as way too expensive. The on off button on the S2 t989 isn't recessed like the S1, so you can feel it without looking for it. The screen is larger than the S1. It have a custom choice of what to pick to powersave, which the S1 didn't. The graphics are better and easy for my old eyes to see. Yep, I think most of the galaxy models have battery drain like the some iphones, but a big extended battery with cover is available. I got mine on ebay. That way you don't have to worry much of batt drain. I'm on tmobile, and all I had to do was remove the sim and micro sd card from the S1, and put in in the S2, and was up and running. Virtually no complaints about my new/used S2.
The phone did not come in an original tmobile box, but new. I initially had trouble setting up the password on the phone and went to tmobile to get it reset. Other than that, the phone worked like it should.
I was very pleased with the timeliness of package, and phone in good working order. The only problem was the "charger" that was included did not fit the phone. The fellow at the AT&T store said to try my old cord/charger at home and luckily it fit; otherwise, he said I'd have to go to Batteries+ and purchase a charger that fit and if they not carry, I'd have to get another phone. So maybe the person who sold this older cell had lots of cords and this one did say Samsung on it, so they just threw it in with the phone. I would order from you again. Thanks, Debby
Works great with metro pcs, love it.
Bought one for me and one for my wife. Put our T-Mobile SIM cards and Micro-SD Cards from our S-4 phones in them and reinstalled our apps with no problems.
Love the phone. Good quality, came brand new, and works great. No issues. Love the gold color. However, I had to purchase a SIM card from T-Mobile for $16 with tax; not a big deal. My old SIM did not fit.
yeaaah! Thank you!! John 3:16
I love my new phone. Delivery was quick.
Excelente...
Very fast shipping and excellent price for an unlocked S5. The only down side to this particular one is even though it is unlocked and is a T-Mobile device it does not come with the T-mobile ROM on it so you don't have the WiFi calling capabilities that you do with the T-Mobile Rom installed. Therefore making the statement in the add untrue. "(This cell phones are fully compatible with T-Mobile.)" This is not a deal breaker for me as I can root it and reload the ROM to the phone but would have been nice to know that prior to ordering it as it was for my wife and I didn't realize that this was lacking until she had already set it up.
Very pleased with the product. No issues. guaranteed delivery before even the expected date.
OEM Samsung SM-G900T Unlocked device. Works great on T-Mobile, Full LTE
Bought this for my mom to upgrade her kicking and screaming from her Galaxy S3. She loves it. Typical questions aside, she's much happier with the camera, which is perfectly suitable for her day-to-day needs.
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is the best smartphone I've ever owned. There's no way I'd go for a phone without a replaceable battery and water resistance. The camera in this phone rocks!
My wife has always had Galaxy phones, we had switched to LG and werent fans so I got her a S4 Active and she liked it alot but after buying her this model "she really loves the look and feels the S5 much faster" While the newer Galaxy models look amazing the S5 model offers a removable battery & SD Card slot while the S6 has neither and S7 only a SD slot so she plans to enjoy this till a S8 likely. Great purchase and the design is superior to her S4 Active,my S5 Active, & even newer S6 Active (although the S6 Active has improved specs)
Excellent
I am very happy with the device and it was delivered as advertised.Prince
Perfect!
Happier than expected. Easy to use and transfer my SIM card right out of the box. Starting using my new phone in less than 10 min.
Such a nice upgrade for me, I was using a Blu phone and I am surprised that I had any hair left after using the Blu, now everybody can hear me clearly and I don't have to shout when I use the galaxy.
Great. Still learning about it. Had the Exhilarate before. I am surprised that it had a quick start booklet, but no user manual.
Very good purchase, the phone arrived on time in good condition and it is working good.
Bought a new phone for my mother on her birthday with protective case. It's awesome, thanks. Will recommend to everyone.
Excelent seller. Fast delivery. 'M happy with the phone. Works perfectly.
I love this phone. Thank you, Samsung!
Excellent
Great phone!
I DON'T KNOW WHY MY CELL PHONE DON'T HAVE WIFI CALLING
Excellent new S5 mobile phone. The phone works immediately .Very fast delivery . Very HappyThanks a lot Fusion Electronic
It's really very good. I liked it so much
New phone works great.
I love it !!
My daughter absolutely loves her phone
I'm coming from 3 years using the Samsung Galaxy s3 and I am absolutely in love with this s5. It feels so sleek and smooth and it's a lot faster than my old s3. All I had to do was transfer my micro sim card to the s5 and do basic setup of my accounts and I was in business. I'm with T-Mobile.
Meets all expectations.
Best phone at a good price. Gotta love Samsung. Camera is excellent. Latest Android (Lolipop when upgraded). Best Christmas present ever
Awesome phone and cool features. Upgraded to this from GS3 and the battery life is soooo much better! looks really good and sleek. camera quality is awesome.Really happy with the purchase!
Love the phone, nice price and great service.
Perfect condition. Still using it 5 months later. It was basically brand new.
The phone is working great
Excellent product but I had to return it
excelent
User friendly and good for us older folks who are not into smart phones. Great visibility and lighting, easy texting and phoning.
This is a good product purchased at a good price. When compared to other similar items, this is truly your best buy for the money.
Multiple phone with issues from getting wet this phone I fell in the lake with and still works very well the responsiveness for it is amazing.
Did not get AT & T service so many of festures did not work. I do like the keyboard and ease of texting.
I bought this phone to replace one just like it. Easy to operate. Touch screen is very convient.Does freeze sometimes.
Needed a replacement phone for my 15 year old child, found this one on amazon.com, judging by the price I thought I was gonna get a piece of junk with scratches everywhere, but I was so pleased when I opened the package and found out that for that price I got a phone that was almost like new, by the way it arrived in only 3 days.It came with wall and vehicle chargers and the battery is in very good shape. I loved this transaction and my child couldn't be happier. I will definetely buy from this seller again.
Best phone i've ever owned. Exceedes my expectations. Very user friendly. Very clear screen. All features easily accessable.I added a 8gb microchip. Photo stroage is amazing.
The transaction went well, and I like the phone. However it would have been really great if I had gotten an instruction book with the phone. It is a new phone, and I have always gotten an instruction book in the past when I bought a new phone. How am I supposed to know how to use my new great phone if I have no instructions? A white instruction booklet always accompanies new phones. I am having to learn how to use my new and great phone by trial and error. NOT FUN!!! I have e-mailed Cellular City telling them of my problem and asking if they would please send my instruction book. It has been two weeks, and I have not even gotten a reply. I would appreciate at least a reply telling me they are not going to send me an instrucion book. I will not buy anything from them again.It is too bad, because I really like the phone (at least what I have learned so far, BY MYSELF), and everything else about the transaction went smoothly.Cheryl
Works great for my girlfriend in the Philippines....just put her old SIM card in, and it works perfectly...we're very happy
A phone that fits for my mother in law's needs. She loved the touch screen system, apart from its design
This product shipped really fast. The phone came brand new with everything it needed. The phone is really, truly awesome.
very nice phone,good price and came brand new works well so far only thing it did not come with an usb cable but good product
I see others have or had problems with your phone but i love mine ! I think it has a lot of neat features and i'm very pleased! It also holds a charge for several days and i have owned many different cell phones that would not keep a charge. I would definitely encourage others to purchase this phone !!!!! The price is reasonable and compared to the expensive pantech i recently owned, this Samsung Solstice has it beat !! I've had this phone over a week now and i can say, "I simply love it !!!"
Great product from samsung. Phone worked well once i put a simcard from one of the local providers in Uganda- east africa. Great buy and no regrets
nice phone but it does not allow the program "what's up" it is compact and very nice. i love this phone
Direct replacement for an existing Solstice. Easy to use touch phone, avoided activation and new contract issues. Recommend for a low cost phone, plenty of features.
I just take this phone on my trip to Barbados it works very well internationally no problems so far ... Small and lightweight
I trust Amazon to always send me what I order. This phone is great for me because I like the touch phone keyboard. I only use it for calls and texting and it is perfect.
NOT BIG ON A LOT OF FANCY AMENTIES TO A PHONE, THIS ONE HAS JUST THE RIGHTAMOUNT. IT IS EASY AND FAST TO LEARN AND OPERATE.THE ONLY THING SO FAR IS THAT THE CHARGE DO NOT SEEMS TO LAST A WHOLE 24 HOURS, MORE LIKE 12. SO HAD TO ORDER A CAR CHARGER FOR IT, JUST IN CASE I GET CAUGHTSHORT WHILE DRIVING.IT SATISFIED MY PRICE RANGE AND MY SIMPLE NEEDS AS A RETIRED SENIOR AND ACTIVE SCUBA DIVER.I WOULD PURCHASE ONE AGAIN.
I was so excited to get my new phone. I had this phone already but accidently left in my pocket and washed it. I went this week to get a new phone and just wasn't ready for anything different. I was very excited to see Amazon had the Samsung Soltice and I immediately purchased it. Got it tonight and have all my stuff set up on it. I am actually fixing to order another one for my husband. I am a very happy person. Thanks
This phone works wonderful, plus I didn't have to renew any contract and I save a couple hundreds. I didnt have to change anything with the old phone that I have!
Great phone, and fingernail friendly.Wish they would make more phones this way. If you have fingernails this is the phone for you. Real and artificials nails work. the only downside is that the manual came only up to page 60. You can download on the Samsung homepage, just put in this phone Samsung A887 and then you can download to your computer, but Id rather have the book personally.
I was a bit skeptical about purchasing a phone on line that was refurbished. However, since it not only was available via Amazon, it also came with a warranty. I am very satisfied with my decision. The phone works great.
I was using a phone that the numbers and letters were so tiny, it was so hard to use. I had a friend that had this phone and I fell in love with it and knew that it would be easy for me. I'm so happy with this phone. Everything that I do which is messaging, camera and talking is just so easy for me to use and it is a classy phone....Thanks to Amazon for making this ordering process so easy. It was so simple and this is the first time I have ever ordered online....
GREAT
Excellent!
Good And was on time!
great product !!! thanks
The Solstice A887 ordered met all of my expectations.
EXCELLENT
excellent product at good price.
Shipping was extremely fast!! The product was in great condition and performs awesome. It even has voice command! However, it is a very small phone. Not suitable for older people because the screen is so tiny. Other than that, it's a great buy foe show!
Amazing product, quickly service!
muy bueno
the product met my expectations
excellent, all well
arrived as promised and works like a charm!
great
excelent.
excelente
so far so good...i like the messaging phones b cus they have alot of features w out the extra charge of the data plan, and samsung makes low radiation phones great phone
I think this is a good phone for the price. I'm sure there are smartphones that are better but seeing as how I haven't owned any of those I can't really compare it to them. it's user friendly, lightweight, durable. The touch screen is functional and storage is good (so far); and it's Samsung so really there's no complaints here.
I checked out the reviews before I purchased this phone. Some people like it, some don't. I decided to give it a try because I just want a regular phone, and I don't want all the extra smart phone stuff. It turned out that this phone worked really well. I have had it for 6 months now, and I have not had any problems. No issues with the setup, either.
I purchased this phone knowing that is not an iphone or an android but it does the job for what you pay for.battery lasts long, sometimes i don't even charge it for days and battery keeps going, reception is good, you can't beat it for the price if you want to stay in touch and send txt msgs.thank you!
Gave this to my husband on Father's Day! He loves it. We believe that Samsung products are made to last, very durable and easy to use. Works great with our AT&T service.
This little Samsung is great for this type phone. My LG smartphone lost its sound, so I ordered this Samsung to fill in. I like it. I had one similiar to this one, but I gave it to a friend. I will definitely hang on to this one. It will be a great backup phone.
The order arrived in perfect condition and almost on time, you have to try the product to see if it meets the expectations although at first glance shows quality
I chose this rate because i'm very satisfied.Item arrived new with all features shown on the pictures.Congrats....I would like to recommend it to all my friends.
Shipment was ontime without any damages, and instructions were very understandable. Phone has been working propely, without any difficulities. There has not been any problems with the product.
excellent product and seller thanks very responsible and fast .
excellent
very good buy will recommend it and will buy againg
No complaints
very nice
great use for international travel
Works great. Exactly what we wanted and ordered.
Yes the phone works jusr fine.the only problem was I have to use the rubber tip pointer fingers are too big. Over all the product wors well.
Very good happy
While I'm more used to smart phones, this is perfect for my mom who is in her 50s and isn't too comfortable with technology. We have found that with her, touchscreen devices are much easier for her to understand. She had another extremely-basic cell phone for several years, and couldn't figure out how to navigate the menu in order to check voicemail and never sent texts. She got this phone for Christmas, and texts me all the time now :)
Not my first choice but Samsung is a reliable company. Its pretty cool. You can tilt the phone to the side and text on the keybord.
Great product from samsung. Phone worked well once i put a simcard from one of the local providers in Uganda- east africa. Great buy and no regrets
nice phone but it does not allow the program "what's up" it is compact and very nice. i love this phone
Direct replacement for an existing Solstice. Easy to use touch phone, avoided activation and new contract issues. Recommend for a low cost phone, plenty of features.
I just take this phone on my trip to Barbados it works very well internationally no problems so far ... Small and lightweight
I trust Amazon to always send me what I order. This phone is great for me because I like the touch phone keyboard. I only use it for calls and texting and it is perfect.
great product
so so
Works as advertised
actually bought two of them for my mom, she's old school and after losing her phone, thought itd be good to have extra on hand.fast shipping, thanks guys.
this is the longest cellphone i ever had.works good and the battery last about 1 weeks.I don't have lots calls so it is enough for me.
Great phone overall, but the chicklet keys on the keyboard only work if you hit the sweet spot. And the shift key turns into CAPS LOCK at random for no apparent reason I can figure out.
I had to ask if it was new or reconditioned because, the description made it uncertain. Vendor got back to me immediately. The phone is brand new in box as they told me. The phone is not a Note 5 but, I don't wear my phone as a nose extension like most folks. Good android phone for under $80.
Perfect phone
needed it after dropping my old one in water - bag of rice helped old one, but not all features worked. Now that will be my back up.
I got this phone to replace one of the same model as the camera stopped working. I really like this phone as it is small enough to put in a pocket but with the slide out keyboard the letters are fairly big which make it easier for me to do the typing for messages. This has the biggest keyboard I have seen on a phone so I will stay with this phone as long as possible.
Second one I bought for my son who is really tough on phones. I use the same type of phone for myself. I like it a lot.
I bought this phone because my old one like this had broke after several years. Never had a issue with my old one. I didn't want a phone that required a data plan.
I had this phone for many years, and eventually the speaker went out. I cannot tell you how many times I dropped it and even stepped on it and it kept on working. I tried to upgrade at AT&T with several other phones and hated them all. I was under the impression they had stopped making this phone, but then I found it on Amazon.com. I had to pay more than I would have for an upgrade with AT&T, but it was well worth it.
I bought this phone for my daughter. She does al lot of texting. She says she really likes it. It is easy to use. It arrived quickly. It was packaged well. I was very pleased.
I have had more than one of these. It is a great phone. Have had some charging problems with a couple of them but it is a great texting phone. I will keep it until I get ready to get a smart phone.
I have been using this phone model for 3 years. I dropped it in water and it still worked, after using a hair dryer on it. After 3 years, the ear speaker died so I had to replace it. That kind of break is rear on all phones.
This phone is awesome. So easy to use, and I love the color. I had no problem with it charging up and it has been working perfectly. Love it, love it, love it!
I got this Phone and I knew it wasn't a touchscreen just by looking at it but mine does charge up and it works great and as long as it works give me the Ringtones I want who cares about the rest and the Black one looks like the same way so either your happy with it or your not and I got the Purple one and your right neither one is a touch screen so I don't know why their is a price different and yes that is false advertisement that I do agree with. I had this Phone now for awhile and it keeps charged all day long nomatter how many times I use it and the GPS Navigator works great you just call your Service Provider and have it hooked up its not free.
I ordered this phone plus a hard cover case for it and it didnt take long at all to come in, just hate the fact that i cant use the gps or download games but other then that i love it, i gave up my evo 4g cuz i missed the slider keyboard phones and now i dnt care much for touch phones but i love the slider keyboard phones. 5 stars for sure.
I received one of these free from AT&T two years ago and it has been my favorite cell phone I've used in all the 20+ years I've been a cell phone user. I love the qwerty keyboard. I love the color purple. It takes good picture to be a simple phone. It does well on colors and you can even change the color of the numbers as they display to purple. For those who enjoy purple, it's a winner. I was eligible for another free phone with contract from AT&T but did not see anything that compared to this. I appreciate the technology in it, without having to commit to a contract, or a plan that includes internet.
Good phone, slipped the ATT sim card and off it went! No complaints, great reception for voice calls, typing is easy,text messaging a breeze. Smart phone nope! Great call quality and competent texting phone, definitely! Do the math, and take into account the ATT $36.00 activation when you get that "free" upgrade, which includes a new 2 year contract at the higher subsidized monthly rate, before you have to sharpen your pencil you will realize this phone paid for itself in under 3 months! Don't hesitate to recommend it highly if this is what you are in the market for.
These are our second round of these phones, they are easy to use, do great on battery life, text, internet, talk.......but you don't have the ridiculous bill like a smart phone. Each phone last about 3 years as our primary phones. Will buy again when the current ones die.
This is phone #2 for me of this model. I was so happy when I found a new one available through Amazon.com. The features that I like the most are NOT a touch screen, and a full key board. Love the color too. Great phone that works wonderful for me.
I love this phone. I don't really like smartphones much so this was a great find. And Purple too.
Bought to replace my original Strive. Arrived in a timely fashion and has worked fine.
Love this phone. Got it to replace my old one that got water damage. Tried another (Pantech) and it was awful. Best phone with a "real" keyboard.
Works great. Do not have any problems with this phone.
Bought for my friend's mom, she seems very happy with it.
I love this phone so much, that when it died, I went on Amazon and brought another just like it. But it must not be meant for me to cause 3 months later I dropped it in the toilet....smh
Very easy to navigate-my grandson loves it-easy start up-would have liked it to arrive a little quicker than it didbut definitely a good buy-
I love the phone and the way it works. I have used this phone for three years with no problems. The new phones i got worked great, the problem is they wont charge. I had to use my old phone to charge the batteries and use the new phones. I just wanted new working phones to replace my old ones, but you don't all ways get what you want. Amazon has been great with the return,they were sold by another company under Amazon.
I really needed another phone so after reviewing, I decided to get the Samsung Strive. I like the phone in itself so far. Going from a smartphone to a basic phone with features will take a little getting used to. But as a basic phone, this phone does have a lot of great smartphone features that is part of the package.I only am giving it four stars because when I opened the phone to install the battery, the battery package showed that I had been given a "re-conditioned" battery that was last tested in "August, 2011". I was surprised and angry but since Amazon did the fulfillment for the sale, I immediately wrote to them and asked for a new battery. An apology came back telling me I could either get a full refund or they would refund my account a certain percentage of the cost. I wrote back and asked why I could not just get a new battery. Amazon fulfillment apologized again for the mishap and made me the same offer explaining that the seller, Cell-source, has inventory that is changing constantly. So I guess Cell-source doesn't have any more "new" batteries! Based on their name, I would have assumed they should have all different kinds of accessories. I am accepting the partial refund from Amazon because I need the phone and don't want to go through all that work of trying to find another one. Please understand that I realize it is not Amazon's fault but the seller.Do not buy anything from "Cell-Source" since according to Amazon, their inventory is constantly changing. That means, they can't back up anything that you may buy from them.UPDATE: I have decided to return the phone. Too many small feature hangups. The phone kept locking my keypad and then asking me to unlock it. I could not find any information on how to shut it off. I couldn't get online with Samsung and AT&T was of no use. Wasted too much time on line trying to figure how to fix it. I spent 2 different hours on the phone over 2 days to try to get AT&T to help me.Basically as a general phone, I'm sure it is a good phone but it just wasn't for me. I'm going back to my smart phone.
Tough phone. I beat them up until I need another. Just right for simple calling and texts.
Prompt delivery as promised so far so good
yes, it met my expectations. thank you very much
Delivered on time.. Items was exactly as Described.
My old one finally died... Happy to see I could still order another one - Good to have my phone back!
Phone arrived within the advertised time. Works well! Battery holds the charge! Am completely satisfied!!
good value, quick delivery
In new condition and works smoothly and no problems except the battery would not hold a charge long till I had charged it nightly for a few days and it is lasting like it is alright now. The battery just needed a good charging to correct the issue.
In great condition. As described and working. Thank You
Function alright
does every thing a smart phone does just easy
works well
Phone was like new and in better shape than other phones for less money. It works great and easy to use. The volumn is a little on speaker. Thank you
Boy my phone went dead and couldn't be revived. This phone is like mine just different color. Works great and I am happy.
You can keep your touch screen phones and I'll take this direct, simple to navigate cell phone that allows me to talk, text, take photos and even connect to the internet if I need. When my old Samsung Strive would no longer function, I tried other phones and only wished I could go back to the Strive. Finally, it occurred to me that I might find one online and I did! I use my phone alot personally and for business so I needed a phone that I was comfortable with and that I can easily operate. For me, this is it!!
Tough phone. I beat them up until I need another. Just right for simple calling and texts.
Prompt delivery as promised so far so good
yes, it met my expectations. thank you very much
Delivered on time.. Items was exactly as Described.
My old one finally died... Happy to see I could still order another one - Good to have my phone back!
Phone arrived within the advertised time. Works well! Battery holds the charge! Am completely satisfied!!
good value, quick delivery
In new condition and works smoothly and no problems except the battery would not hold a charge long till I had charged it nightly for a few days and it is lasting like it is alright now. The battery just needed a good charging to correct the issue.
An excellent job and I like the phone. Thanks
Good easy and simple phone good for calling and texting if you want to play games or do anything like that to recommend getting a different phone
This is a great phone at a good price. I use it with Consumers Cellular as they no longer offer this phone. I liked it, so I ordered it at Amazon.
We received our phone in about a week, the phone upon receiving it, after plugging it in would not charge, even after leaving it charging for more than 15 hours. We call the # enclosed with the phone, the shipper e mailed us a return label, & sent us another phone. We received our replacement phone in about a week. Very satisfied with phone quality & service.
I am impressed with how this phone works. I enjoy the widget menu as it puts the apps I want right at my finger tips, and I can move them from the widget bar to one of three 'home' screens. The call clarity is very good, far better than any other cell I've had. Very sharp image on the display, I've uploaded images from my PC and they look great!The largest problem I have is that the virtual keyboard is very small (hey its a small phone so this issue isn't one I didn't see coming), and I have fingers that cover between 2 and 4 characters. So I've been having some issue with hitting the correct keys when entering text.Also due to the small screen, using the web browser so far has been more trouble than its worth, but I've only tried it a couple of times so far.
Great no issues.
Looks and works like a new one. Pulled my SIM card from my old phone and installed in this phone and I was up and running in a matter of minutes.
I have had this phone before and it was great for my needs, I dropped my origional phone and broke it, so I just ordered another the same thing, very happy with seller, would buy from them again
I'm 77, so not that high tech and I didn't need a phone with all the bells and whistles .This one is easy to understand and to use for us older folks
This unlocked phone works well with my network provider which uses the same network as AT&T. It has a lot of good features which my daughter loves. I like it because it did not cost a few hundreds bucks like a smart phone. I don't have any plans to surf the internet with my phone so this phone is perfect for me.
reception not to good.
Excelent...
Totally adequate basic phone. Decent reception, sound, speaker phone, etc. Fired right up, just dropped in my sim card. No major complaints. Menus a bit fiddly, but they all are. No frills and I don't need any. Battery life multiple days, no complaints.
simple phone for people who want "JUST A PHONE."
great phone, good for senior elderly to use, unlocked and affordable and comfortable in the hands.
Great phone
I bought this flip phone for my parents both over 60 years old. They wanted a simple flip phone. In the package was the phone, charger, manual, ear phones, and a phone holder. I surprised to see the phone holder. None the less it works and my parents love the simple flip phone and the holder. You can access internet on the phone. My parents just want to call and try texting. I told them to be careful and not explore the phone to much for if they do access the internet on it its 1.99 a minute. As a text popped up when I first activated the phone. The phone is flat and can fit in the palm of my hand. My parents love this phone so far it fits right in their pockets.I searched much online for a good flip phone. Until I came to amazon. I read all the reviews before making this purchase. I learn a lot about the product and most of my questions were answered because of the reviews. Thanks to all your folks out there that take the time to put up reviews it really helped me a lot in this buy.The buyer shipped this phone within a week I bought it. Packaged was wrapped well. Totally buying from this buyer again!!
My mother, like many elderly people, wanted "just a phone." She does not text or email or go online or do anything except talk on a phone, and a landline did not suit her needs. She also goes through cell phones like mad because she keeps getting them wet with "just a teenie, tiny bit of water." So I was REAL glad to find a cheap phone on Amazon, especially seeing as T-Mobile had exactly 1 phone that was "just a phone" and for twice the price of this one. So I took a gamble and ordered this one for her.Apparently it's really easy to use. So easy that Mom, who could never program her VCR, has figured out how to take pictures of her cat with it. She's quite hard-of-hearing and has had no trouble hearing the phone ring, and I don't have to yell at her when I call her. She was thrilled that her contacts that were saved onto her old SIM card transferred to this phone just fine when I installed the card and booted it up. She especially loves just having to flip the phone open to answer, and snap it closed to hang up.It's only been about a week, but so far, this phone is a huge win, both for her ease of use and for my budget.
Great durable phone for my non-tech savvy husband. This does the job for him with relatively no frills. Very happy with this purchase.
I cannot believe they have stopped making this phone. My parents do not know how to use a smart phone.
IT WORKS GREAT LIKE NEW
Great Phone for the price
Works awesome just like all my other T139's. Pity these will fade into techno sunset. Has been a great work phone. Tiny but tough. Does nothing but what I need it for ...a phone. Been getting a few years out of them before I destroy them via work site havoc.
I love it
The old timer works.
great price
The phone was totally brand new, in the box. It was exactly as advertised, which was unlocked.It is a simple, uncomplecated phone which I bought for my grandmother who didn't want something that was 'high tech'.Everything works and the camera takes good pictures in a pinch, all in all this is a great phone for the price and for someone who only uses their phone occassionally.
I purchased the T139 from this company. The product is great for the money. Unlocked Cellphones, by it very name, is a business concept guarantee of cell phone compatibility with your cell phone service provider. Should you have any problem with your provider denying its compatibility then insist that your provider test your Unlocked Cellphone with an unlocked SIM card. You can expect excellent customer service and follow through from this company.
Samsung phone arrived in good time and works as advertised. It is a pretty basic phone but that is all we needed.
All you need for talking it has some etc. but perfect for talk/text all you will need for the basics. Very nice phone for a nice low price. (JUST FOR TALKING)
If your're looking for a phone that works great and don't want tobother with high tech stuff, this phone is great.I bought this phone for my husband, it's simple and easy to use.
This is a simple, sturdy phone. AT&T had a limited choice in flip phones, and I do not have to another 2 year commitment.
It works great and it wasn't expensive! Just what I needed! I recommend it to anyone who wants to use a product like this.
I've purchased 6 of these phones over the past 2 or 3 years for fleet phones for work. I buy them because they're perfect, basic, reliable phones that do the job. Never had a problem.
I cannot say how many times this phone has been dropped but it is still working like a charm! Great phone, easy to use and has not failed me yet.
Good phone for the money I bought the unlocked phone for my mom in Nigera.I like the look and functionality of the phone.She likes it too, and it is easy for to use
I received my Samsung T139 today! I had a T139 cell prior to ordering this one. However, I accidently washed mine when I forgot to check my pockets and threw my jeans in the washer (hate to admit, but it happens)! EcoCell provided me with excellent service, prompt delivery, perfect packaging, and a totally great product! Thank you, EcoCell for being so prompt. I can now retire my husband's old phone (which is an extremely old model that I am not used to) that I was borrowing until I received my replacement T139 cell. If it were possible, I would absolutely give EcoCell and the cell phone ten stars!!!
Neither good nor bad, it's a decent phone for the casual user like myself. I rarely use the camera since I carry my "real" camera with me, but it does take good pics. I don't use the internet and all the apps, because my plan doesn't support them. All in all, it's a good phone for the money.
Pro'sSturdy: Dropped it from the second floor and survived without a scratch.Great battery lifeConsNo Alarm clockNo 3G network, therefore reception is quite unstable at times.Summary:Very good phone for the price.
I've had several of the T139's, (my recent order was for 5 from you) which I use as spares for my T-Mobile accounts, but until now simcards always came with them, even the ones from Walmart. Fortunately I have a couple of some simcards, which I can use if one of my other phones stops working. But if one of my other phones is LOST, I might be stuck without simcards, which I find an unnecessary problem I shouldn't have to deal with. Yes. That is a complaint. G.
I purchased this phone when I came to US and realised my own phone will not work on the available networks. Since I had an international sim and was hard pressed for cash, I decided on this phone primarily because of the looks when compared with the other phones in this price range.The phone is easy to use and has a quite sturdy build. The flip cover has not loosened after 2 months of rough usage and the surface does not attract dust or scratches.The buttons on this phone are bigger than the average cellphones. I did have some trouble while trying to message on this phone. People who are used to message more patiently might not have any problems. Software is simple enough for anyone to get by.All in all, a good phone for people who need it for what it is supposed to be - a phone for calls and messages.
The phone came quick and was as advertised. The ring is not as loud as I would like but has plenty of features and good battery life.
This is a very good phone for seniors citizens, broke folks, and cheap skates who want reliability and simplicity. It is light and has large number dials along with huge digital fonts. I highly recommend this phone if these details don't offend the users. It really is a great reliable phone for talking and texting.
BUENISIMO, MUCHO MUCHO, ES UN REGALO PARA SU PRECIO. TIENE UNA EXCELENTE CAMARA. AUNQUE ES DE BAJA RESOLUCIÓN TOMA UNAS FOTOS BUENAS.
I bought this telephone one month ago. The best thing I like about this phone is that its standbye time is at least one week. In addition to its powerful batteries, Samsung has a very user friendly menu style. It is a very simple, long lasting and easy to use telephone. If you need a cheap and useful telephone buy this phone without any hesitations.
I had an original phone that finally gave up and wanted something simple. This phone was exactly what I was looking for. Easy to use, good sound, dependable.
Good phone for those that don't want any frilly extras. It's simple and easy to use.It has a camera, speaker phone, and can text SMS and picture messages. Large buttonsfor those that don't want to squint just to dial a number. This phone is a replacement formy Mom after her other crappy phone broke. Thus far, it's a great replacement and works just fine.
Just needed a simple to go phone with the basic. So far from day one, it seems like the type of phone i need. Only thing i don't like at the moment is the reception bars. Seems like with a more costly phone i get better reception than i do with this phone, once outside, it's not a problem.
The cell phone is filling expectations for the price. The battery does not deliver as expected, with very few capacity of operation, even when the phone is on, but not used.
Don't have second thoughts about this phone. Buy it is simple, easy, no nonsense, battery lasts for ever. Moderately tough little phone. 40 bucks is a steal for what you would pay from the company retailer
I was looking for a flip-phone that had good call and sound quality and would be easy to text with. This phone is perfect for both, without any extra features or apps (which I didn't want to spend money on to begin with).I have owned and used this phone for about a week now, with T-mobile.It's speaker volume and clarity as well as when you hold it up to ear are both excellent. This is a great simple phone if you are looking for basic functions only. It's nicely sized, not too bulky to fit in a small pocket, and is very light. Connected to my bluetooth ear-piece easily, and worked well. The only thing is the phone is made of plastic which makes me want to get a rubberized cover for it in case it falls or gets scratched. Over all I am very pleased with this phone!
OK
Godó for the price
Had it a couple months now and works well with T Mobile.
everything was as expected
Great little phone,very simple and easy to use.
Bought this phone for my 83-yr. old Mom. She really likes it, because she can use the bigger buttons easier than the slide-out keyboard option on her other phone
Just as expected. Fast delivery!
Ordered it for an elderly friend who is not tech savvy. He is enthralled and says it is very easy to use and would strongly recommend.
works fine
The phone was in great condition and works wonderfully, but doesn't send or receive texts with photos or any image attached
Great phone. I needed an unlock phone for my daughter to take when she went to Africa. She was able to call me and we had a great reception.
Good phone it replaced an older model that my wife had. Her comment, I don't have to go thru the learning curve.
i ordered this phone because my mother wanted a FLIP Phone...I just inserted her card it was perfect.Thanks very much
I just needed a phone to make calls and texts that also included a camera. I have AT&T and my signal would be weak to none when I’m inside elevators. Battery life is amazing.
For a flip-top cell this meets all requirements. This replaced a sony ericissonand I am pleased I selected this phone. This was a new phone and I willnever again purchase a reconditioned phone.
It works just fine for my needs..Make and receive calls.. can't ask for more..Love the little phone. It gets the job done ...
I bought this phone refurbished from Cellular Gallery inc., it arrived right on time, looked like new one, and professionally packaged. I asked them to return the phone later because I had no need of it, the costumer service were professional enough, I got it returned and was refunded ~$30 -they said it was because the seal was open science I used the phone once to ensure it was working-.The phone itself looked pretty good. Totally recommend the phone and the seller
I wanted to ditch my smart phone and go back to the basics so i bought this phone. when i did my search on Amazon i entered "At&t basic flip phone" and there wasn't much selection, but some were posted as "unlocked" and can be used with any carrier. This one however was listed as an At&t phone which was not accurate, it's actually an unlocked T-Mobile Phone. The phone itself works great, and it's pretty much what i needed, but the listing is misleading and well, when i buy something online i need all the info on the product to be accurate. I want to know exactly what I'm getting for my hard earned money. Other than that, I'm back to the stone age with my Cell phone ha ha ha
This was a replacement phone for the broken one. It is perfect for any teen starting out. Basic but worth the money.
The Cell Phone turned out to be what I expected, except for one flaw....I cannot install a ringtone of my choice...Barton
always hesitate when changing phones, or electronics in general?Have no fear this was the easiest transition to date for me.Maybe getting older has something to do with it
I purchased this phone for an older friend of mine, 82 years old to be exact. He has been using it for the past week and loves it, he had a Motorola razr but it finally gave out on him. I was a little worried when I opened the box and the phone said T-Mobil since I was using my att sim card, but it worked fine. my friend says the the volume and ringer are both louder on this phone (which is a good thing when your are 82). I set the font to a larger size for him which he really likes and the price what very good. The only thing I would mention to any potential buyer is: don't purchase a Separate charger like I did, one comes packed with the phone. There is a camera but I didn't even try it since all it was bought for was to talk on. Good phone, good price and easy to use.
I was wanting this for my son's US Cellular but it wasn't compatible. However, I was able to use this on our AT&T line; works great
It is just the right phone for me. I am a person that does not text on a daily basis. It is a phone I find so easy to use. It is strong. The right size for me and I love it. It has just everything I need even the right size of the numbers.
My boyfriend dropped his phone in a river, so we wanted to replace it with the exact same thing, and found this on Amazon for a reasonable price and from a seller with excellent customer service. Thanks!
This is a basic phone, and I use it as a phone -- to place and receive calls. It is not a PC, it is not an entertainment center, it does not drive my car, feed my dog or let out the cat. If all you want is a phone, you could ask for no more.
I love this phone. I bought this cell phone for my 12 yr old son. I think having a smartphone is too expensive and too easy to for him to get into trouble bc of the Internet and social media sites. The phone is great. That's all I need to get in touch with him. Thanks
what can I say ,,love this phone for simplicity ,,easy to use ,,five star for the seller..i recommend to every one who just love a simple communication,,,
Solid simple basic phone. I bought this for my pops, simple to use and hard to break, can't go wrong.
I was looking for an unlocked phone. No fancy add-ons or extras. This phone came as close as I could find. It's a flip, hasa a camera and bluetooth. That's more than I needed or wanted and was at a good price. I have since recommended this phone to friends and will probably continue to do so - unless something happens to change my mind!
I like this phone because it's simple. And besides I'm not ready for a SmartPhone. Samsung makes a good quality flip phone.
This is my 3rd one these. I have a problem with washing, and swimming with them. They are a good basic phone.
I bought this for a trip to Guatemala because traveling alone, I knew I'd feel safer with a phone. As soon as I got to Antigua Guatemala, I bought a SIM card at a small shop and was ready to go. The phone worked perfectly.
But, not a 3G/4G or Voice over Wi-Fi capable. This one has good reviews, especially good for most over 90+ seniors. But, we never even opened it up. Needed a Voice over Wi-Fi to connect to the Internet for data and voice calls to England since my senior parents have friends over there. mVoIP is free of data charges! Now, does anybody have experience teaching a 95 year old to use a Samsung Galaxy Light (T-Mobile) touch screen minature computer that happens to be a cell phone?
I had no complaints with this but we decided it was time to get a smartphone. But, this little Samsung was great.
I don't like smartphones and was very disappointed with the LG flip-phone that AT&T gave me when I renewed my contract. My wife had a really nice Samsung flip-phone through T-Mobile so I ordered this one and, while it is not the same phone my wife has, it is really nice for someone who only uses a phone to talk to people with. Good sound quality, decent, not-great camera, and much more solidly built than the LG phone I had. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a good basic phone.
You all know how these phones are. They are indestructible for the most part. It worked until i got a new phone.
Very durable and easy to use. even been dropped in a puddle. Dried off laterand it still works great.
Great phone. It has been tested with a Mexican Telecel sd card and sent a text message very quickly. Highly recommend to anyone that is looking for a cheap unlocked phone to use outside the US.
great phone for my dad whom can no longer use complicated phones.. this one its simply and has a long lasting battery that help us to be connected to him as we do our daily shores
Works great.
Fast shipping great product
excelente
phone works great now!
I almost did not buy this phone because of some poorly thought-out reviews. I am finding this phone to be an outstanding buy. It works well. It has a clear display, and all features work as expected. In other words, I am perfectly happy with it. I am aware there are other types of phones in the marketplace, but for those who want a fairly simple, reliable, easy-to-understand phone -- this is it!
Samsung T319 I bought is a nice and good cellphone. I don't have any problem with it since am using it. so everybody can also try it .... thanks
I just wanted a phone to talk on. This one fits the bill. The price was right and it works perfect! No problems here. I can't comment on the texting or internet features as I don't use them. Love the new phone. Works like a charm!
I was concerned after reading some of the reviews about buying this phone. But I took the plunge and got it well it was brand new and came with a charger. It has Bluetooth which I use in my car Uconnect system. It has great volume, nice size screen, the buttons are large, and for me it is a easy phone to use and operate. It does have it's limitations but so far for me not for my using it.
nicely package. in great condition.all info and accessories inside.we will do business with you again.thank you so much.
Good phone for those that don't want any frilly extras. It's simple and easy to use.It has a camera, speaker phone, and can text SMS and picture messages. Large buttonsfor those that don't want to squint just to dial a number. This phone is a replacement formy Mom after her other crappy phone broke. Thus far, it's a great replacement and works just fine.
Just needed a simple to go phone with the basic. So far from day one, it seems like the type of phone i need. Only thing i don't like at the moment is the reception bars. Seems like with a more costly phone i get better reception than i do with this phone, once outside, it's not a problem.
The cell phone is filling expectations for the price. The battery does not deliver as expected, with very few capacity of operation, even when the phone is on, but not used.
Don't have second thoughts about this phone. Buy it is simple, easy, no nonsense, battery lasts for ever. Moderately tough little phone. 40 bucks is a steal for what you would pay from the company retailer
I was looking for a flip-phone that had good call and sound quality and would be easy to text with. This phone is perfect for both, without any extra features or apps (which I didn't want to spend money on to begin with).I have owned and used this phone for about a week now, with T-mobile.It's speaker volume and clarity as well as when you hold it up to ear are both excellent. This is a great simple phone if you are looking for basic functions only. It's nicely sized, not too bulky to fit in a small pocket, and is very light. Connected to my bluetooth ear-piece easily, and worked well. The only thing is the phone is made of plastic which makes me want to get a rubberized cover for it in case it falls or gets scratched. Over all I am very pleased with this phone!
reception not to good.
Excelent...
Totally adequate basic phone. Decent reception, sound, speaker phone, etc. Fired right up, just dropped in my sim card. No major complaints. Menus a bit fiddly, but they all are. No frills and I don't need any. Battery life multiple days, no complaints.
simple phone for people who want "JUST A PHONE."
great phone, good for senior elderly to use, unlocked and affordable and comfortable in the hands.
Great phone
I bought this flip phone for my parents both over 60 years old. They wanted a simple flip phone. In the package was the phone, charger, manual, ear phones, and a phone holder. I surprised to see the phone holder. None the less it works and my parents love the simple flip phone and the holder. You can access internet on the phone. My parents just want to call and try texting. I told them to be careful and not explore the phone to much for if they do access the internet on it its 1.99 a minute. As a text popped up when I first activated the phone. The phone is flat and can fit in the palm of my hand. My parents love this phone so far it fits right in their pockets.I searched much online for a good flip phone. Until I came to amazon. I read all the reviews before making this purchase. I learn a lot about the product and most of my questions were answered because of the reviews. Thanks to all your folks out there that take the time to put up reviews it really helped me a lot in this buy.The buyer shipped this phone within a week I bought it. Packaged was wrapped well. Totally buying from this buyer again!!
My mother, like many elderly people, wanted "just a phone." She does not text or email or go online or do anything except talk on a phone, and a landline did not suit her needs. She also goes through cell phones like mad because she keeps getting them wet with "just a teenie, tiny bit of water." So I was REAL glad to find a cheap phone on Amazon, especially seeing as T-Mobile had exactly 1 phone that was "just a phone" and for twice the price of this one. So I took a gamble and ordered this one for her.Apparently it's really easy to use. So easy that Mom, who could never program her VCR, has figured out how to take pictures of her cat with it. She's quite hard-of-hearing and has had no trouble hearing the phone ring, and I don't have to yell at her when I call her. She was thrilled that her contacts that were saved onto her old SIM card transferred to this phone just fine when I installed the card and booted it up. She especially loves just having to flip the phone open to answer, and snap it closed to hang up.It's only been about a week, but so far, this phone is a huge win, both for her ease of use and for my budget.
Great durable phone for my non-tech savvy husband. This does the job for him with relatively no frills. Very happy with this purchase.
The phone was totally brand new, in the box. It was exactly as advertised, which was unlocked.It is a simple, uncomplecated phone which I bought for my grandmother who didn't want something that was 'high tech'.Everything works and the camera takes good pictures in a pinch, all in all this is a great phone for the price and for someone who only uses their phone occassionally.
I purchased the T139 from this company. The product is great for the money. Unlocked Cellphones, by it very name, is a business concept guarantee of cell phone compatibility with your cell phone service provider. Should you have any problem with your provider denying its compatibility then insist that your provider test your Unlocked Cellphone with an unlocked SIM card. You can expect excellent customer service and follow through from this company.
Samsung phone arrived in good time and works as advertised. It is a pretty basic phone but that is all we needed.
All you need for talking it has some etc. but perfect for talk/text all you will need for the basics. Very nice phone for a nice low price. (JUST FOR TALKING)
I will be order more.
Thank u it work very good so glad I got it...
I was very pleased with my purschase
This is a simple, sturdy phone. AT&T had a limited choice in flip phones, and I do not have to another 2 year commitment.
It works great and it wasn't expensive! Just what I needed! I recommend it to anyone who wants to use a product like this.
I've purchased 6 of these phones over the past 2 or 3 years for fleet phones for work. I buy them because they're perfect, basic, reliable phones that do the job. Never had a problem.
I cannot say how many times this phone has been dropped but it is still working like a charm! Great phone, easy to use and has not failed me yet.
Good phone for the money I bought the unlocked phone for my mom in Nigera.I like the look and functionality of the phone.She likes it too, and it is easy for to use
I received my Samsung T139 today! I had a T139 cell prior to ordering this one. However, I accidently washed mine when I forgot to check my pockets and threw my jeans in the washer (hate to admit, but it happens)! EcoCell provided me with excellent service, prompt delivery, perfect packaging, and a totally great product! Thank you, EcoCell for being so prompt. I can now retire my husband's old phone (which is an extremely old model that I am not used to) that I was borrowing until I received my replacement T139 cell. If it were possible, I would absolutely give EcoCell and the cell phone ten stars!!!
Neither good nor bad, it's a decent phone for the casual user like myself. I rarely use the camera since I carry my "real" camera with me, but it does take good pics. I don't use the internet and all the apps, because my plan doesn't support them. All in all, it's a good phone for the money.
I cannot believe they have stopped making this phone. My parents do not know how to use a smart phone.
IT WORKS GREAT LIKE NEW
Great Phone for the price
Works awesome just like all my other T139's. Pity these will fade into techno sunset. Has been a great work phone. Tiny but tough. Does nothing but what I need it for ...a phone. Been getting a few years out of them before I destroy them via work site havoc.
I love it
Pro'sSturdy: Dropped it from the second floor and survived without a scratch.Great battery lifeConsNo Alarm clockNo 3G network, therefore reception is quite unstable at times.Summary:Very good phone for the price.
I've had several of the T139's, (my recent order was for 5 from you) which I use as spares for my T-Mobile accounts, but until now simcards always came with them, even the ones from Walmart. Fortunately I have a couple of some simcards, which I can use if one of my other phones stops working. But if one of my other phones is LOST, I might be stuck without simcards, which I find an unnecessary problem I shouldn't have to deal with. Yes. That is a complaint. G.
I purchased this phone when I came to US and realised my own phone will not work on the available networks. Since I had an international sim and was hard pressed for cash, I decided on this phone primarily because of the looks when compared with the other phones in this price range.The phone is easy to use and has a quite sturdy build. The flip cover has not loosened after 2 months of rough usage and the surface does not attract dust or scratches.The buttons on this phone are bigger than the average cellphones. I did have some trouble while trying to message on this phone. People who are used to message more patiently might not have any problems. Software is simple enough for anyone to get by.All in all, a good phone for people who need it for what it is supposed to be - a phone for calls and messages.
The phone came quick and was as advertised. The ring is not as loud as I would like but has plenty of features and good battery life.
This is a very good phone for seniors citizens, broke folks, and cheap skates who want reliability and simplicity. It is light and has large number dials along with huge digital fonts. I highly recommend this phone if these details don't offend the users. It really is a great reliable phone for talking and texting.
BUENISIMO, MUCHO MUCHO, ES UN REGALO PARA SU PRECIO. TIENE UNA EXCELENTE CAMARA. AUNQUE ES DE BAJA RESOLUCIÓN TOMA UNAS FOTOS BUENAS.
I bought this telephone one month ago. The best thing I like about this phone is that its standbye time is at least one week. In addition to its powerful batteries, Samsung has a very user friendly menu style. It is a very simple, long lasting and easy to use telephone. If you need a cheap and useful telephone buy this phone without any hesitations.
I had an original phone that finally gave up and wanted something simple. This phone was exactly what I was looking for. Easy to use, good sound, dependable.
I was pleased with this product I dont know if it worked for my mother in law who lives in Jamaica but from what I saw I was happy.
It has some problems with reception, but all things considered it's better than most modern cell phones. It doesn't measure even close to the old ones though. (I'm talking about the 2G phones, those were the good days of cell phones!)
I liked
excellent
I love Sansumg. This phone is a small, but very good, I can move home from one place to another and the signal always arrives well. Again'll buy Sansumg and seller for good service.I recommend.
I bought this cute little cell phone to replace my wife's clunky old, poor performing Nokia. This phone does all that it needs to do for a great price, and does it well.I'd have rated it 5 stars if not for the poor camera function of the phone. Still, it is a basic, cute little model.R
I've bought several of these for my family. We are not into data or smart phones, but we text constantly. It is reliable, tough and very convenient.Cons: the slider design means that eventually you will need to get the cable repaired, but the good thing is that it is available and repairable; the camera stinks.I was very happy to find my favorite "dumb" phone for a reasonable refurb price.
my sister and i bought this phone for my mom and she loves it! Very good started phone for someone who does not know cell phones very well..lol
this phone is great for texting with a keyboard. I do not need a smart phone but this compact slide out keyboard phone is just perfect for my needs.
Not everyone needs a data plan, just basic phone calls, picture and text messaging. Dual keyboards, one is a full querty. This is a phone that would be ideal and excellent for that purpose.
While this may not be the most technical phone in the world, it works great for preteens and teens who want the basics. It does get internet and has a camera as well. The color is plum with mauve trim and it is sparkly in sunlight.
Cell phone was new!!! All materials were received (manuals, charger, etc.) in the manufacturer box. I received it on time.
Product came quickly and as described! Was very pleased with the overall purchase that I bought 2 more. Great service!
Great phone. So good that we replaced the phone my daughter used for 2 plus years with the same phone. She was pretty hard on the phone and she loved the keyboard and she wanted the same phone again.
I have a similar phone and bought this one for my wife. It works great for talk and text.
God I wish I could get this phone again. It was my favorite.
Very reliable and easy to use.
Phone worked while i had it, but then i upgraded so i didn't have much time with it.i had bought it to replace the previous phone i had that was just like it.phone was easy to use and the keyboard was easy to use.
This phone works as it should, easy to text & talk. I like the slide out Qwerty keys. It is hard on the battery, 2 days tops with no use. I bought this to replace a Samsung T369. The main thing I miss on the T669 vs the T369 is the ability to block numbers. The deadbeat that had this T-Mobile number before me has bill collectors calling every day, they don't listen & keep calling!
Great buy, exactly what I expected and great condition. Decent phone for my young teen who can't seem to keep track of his things.
My son ordered this phone and really liked it. Unfortunately the keyboard gave out after 10 months and wouldno longer work. It is a good phone but the keyboard does not hold up if you do a lot of texting.
I bought this for my 11 year old daughter. It is rugged, easy to understand and use, and it holds a charge for a week. I highly recommed it for a first phone for a kid.
This is a good product for the price I paid, works very good I have no problems with the phone and my daughter was happy.
Love this phone it is great for me because all I use it for is call, text, music and some video.
Same phone I had , which is what I wanted. Transferred all my pics and info and its perfect. I thank you!
I returned this phone since we decided to get my son a different phone.It was sent quickly and It was in great condition.Thanks.
Phone works great and I have not had any problems with the phone and it came in the mail. thanks
i liked becouse is so esdy to use and has a grate camera an a bery good sound bery good life batery no buts by your own you be glad you ded
I previously owned this same phone when just after the warranty ended, the touch screen stopped working. I ordered this new one and it was brand new and just what I was hoping for. The battery life on this phone can't be beaten (although I don't use the internet on it) and it does everything I need it to! It also arrived quicker than I had expected!
As a cheery T-Mobile customer, I can bring my own phone, switch the SIM card and have a reduced contract. I save at least $25 per month (compared to the other carriers), which is quite a big deal to me. This phone, until the iPhone makes it to T-Mobile, will do just fine.The controls and options aren't nearly as intuitive as on an iPhone, but it does what I need it to: make calls and do the occasional text. The sound is clear, the Bluetooth connects with my speakerphone in the car easily, and once you set it correctly, it's easy to dial within a call to hit menu options. The slide-out keyboard works rather well, and I don't have the skinniest fingers in the world. I can text pretty easily and I'm not a big fan of it to begin with.I would buy some kind of screen protector. The screen is somewhat easily scratched and could use the extra help, especially if you put your phone in your pocket with your keys...ooops on my part.I would bother with any web-browsing; it's too much of a hassle. That's what I have my iPod Touch for anyway.Overall, a good purchase, a great price (a little over a hundred), and it does what I need it too.
The Samsung T669 Touch full qwerty keyboard T-mobile cell phone isexactly like the one that I lost last year. The seller delivered the phonefaster then expected. It came brand new in a box with everything needed andthe touch screen is way better than my old one. It's a great phone for textingnot like my funky flip-phone! Many thanks!
I love this phone, it was brand new in perfect condition. Even came with charger and manual. Won't be disappointed!!
I was extremely happy with this purchase. It came quickly and on time. Although I purchased this item used it looked like a brand new phone. I like that the touch screen is not extra sensitive and it comes with lots of great features. Also, the camera takes great quality pics. I'm very happy with the phone and it was a steal for only $83.
Thanks so much, got it on time and she loves. Has not put it down yet... I would re-order from you again for a phone if and when needed.
keyboard is flimisly attached. Easy to break off, especially if dropped while extended.Here are the seven more words required.
Got this phone for my sister cause her's was really out of date. Its a great phone for now. Calling is good. Texting is good. Does what its suppose to do. So I'm pretty happy with it.
this is not a bad little unit. i had to buy a cheap one as a backup to a broken smartphone. it was cheap but a darn good phone.
This phone works great. So happy it still available because you can use the internet for a much lower price. The seller also provided great customer service when an accessory was not included. They promptly sent it.
For the price and the convienience of not having to get a data plan which i can afford right now,,,, the phone is awsome. Great touch Screen features.
I love that the battery stays charged for days. I also like the keyboard on the phone. It has good reception and I LOVE the visual voicemail. I hardly ever check mine but now I can sort through it by checking the messages visually on the phone and listening to them individually. All of the features on the phone are really nice. It looks nice and is lightweight. Very easy to use and understand.Only negative- when you search online sometimes you can't see the information on the screen because it is too small. I don't know how to zoom in (or if there is a way to zoom in) but other than that the phone is superb.
LIKE THE PHONE, BUT I HAD TO GET USE TO THE TOUCH SCREEN. WAS A LITTLE WORRIED WHEN I GOT THE PHONE BOX WAS IN BAD SHAPE AND I LOCKED THE PHONE SOME HOW. CONTACTED THE DISTRIBUTOR WHO HELP ME GET IT UNLOCKED WITH MY CELLULAR PROVIDER. THANKS AGAIN TO DISTRIBUTOR.
This phone is awesome i purchased it for my daughter who simply just loves it! Thank You so much Amazon.com! I rate this product A 5 star without a doubtSamsung Gravity Touch T669 Full QWERTY Cell Phone for T-Mobile Wireless Network with No Contract (Good Condition)
I love this phone, Its very user friendly and I dont feel overwhelmed by it. Its my first smart phone and has been great so far and have had it about a month. The shipping was great and had it the same week I ordered it. I would recommend this to a friend.
I returned this phone since we decided to get my son a different phone.It was sent quickly and It was in great condition.Thanks.
Phone works great and I have not had any problems with the phone and it came in the mail. thanks
This phone works as it should, easy to text & talk. I like the slide out Qwerty keys. It is hard on the battery, 2 days tops with no use. I bought this to replace a Samsung T369. The main thing I miss on the T669 vs the T369 is the ability to block numbers. The deadbeat that had this T-Mobile number before me has bill collectors calling every day, they don't listen & keep calling!
Great buy, exactly what I expected and great condition. Decent phone for my young teen who can't seem to keep track of his things.
I bought this for my 11 year old daughter. It is rugged, easy to understand and use, and it holds a charge for a week. I highly recommed it for a first phone for a kid.
This is a good product for the price I paid, works very good I have no problems with the phone and my daughter was happy.
Love this phone it is great for me because all I use it for is call, text, music and some video.
Same phone I had , which is what I wanted. Transferred all my pics and info and its perfect. I thank you!
Working good; only thing so far is there have been maybe three times were the phone would not end the call and the other party had to do so.
great value
Good so far.......!!!!!
It has all the features I need. In no time, I will down load all the applications and will write more after I use it.
Phone is a great quality and the screen clarity is amazing. Wonderful surprise to have "Avatar" on the memory card and to see it on my screen. Even the sound is good.Once I learn all the features I will enjoy it more. Have to adapt to these new progressive phones and data. Larger view screen than the I Phone actually.
i am happy, it does what i want and for my needs, no negatives,i usually use it for making international calls over internet that's my basic need and e mail, skype, fring.
i love it so much. it is an amazing product. it is a swish at the same time works very excellent. also my friends like it.
I have the Verizon counterpart to this for work, so I knew it would be a great product. Purchased this for my wife. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the phone. 720p HD screen, Gorilla glass keeps the screen from breaking and scratching, easy to use. Some features are better than the Verizon model, some are worse. Like this one does not have a LED flash for the camera; not a big deal, but the flash is a nice feature on the i500 (of course, the flash can also wash out faces and lights are usually on, so it's an even smaller deal). Unlike the Verizon model, you can pick one background to remain constant over screens (instead of spread-out over multiple screens). Also, this one allows the Samsung keyboard (which I find works better for typing) and allows alphabetical sorting of the apps. It also has a better battery, a 1650mAh than my Verizon model.
purchased the galaxy s 4g and could not be happier with it. beautiful 4" display vivid colors. touch screen has nice sensitivity and overall a quick phone.I would like to note that this is the 4g galaxy t959v and the listing is incorrect it is listed as t959 i know another reviewer thought that this was the original vibrant but i assure you the phone i received was infact the galaxy s 4g. the only complaints i have are the back is made of fairly flimsy plastic and it is pre loaded with a bunch of apps i will never use but cannot delete but as far as performance i rate this phone very highly i have owned blackberry, Motorola, lg, htc and iphone this is the best phone i have ever had ....i should note i had a first gen iphone which were a bit buggy. the samsung galaxy s 4g is an excellent phone buy one
The Samsung Galaxy S T959,best buy yet. I bought a Iphone 3g about a month ago, and right now it's in a drawer, But now i have the Samsung T959 Galaxy S and I just love it...it had all the apps included, didn't have to buy any like the Iphone have, the samsung came completely new, and the screen large enough for me to read my e-mails, gps, etc...I am definitely delighted with my new cell phone...
I have been 1 month using this phone. So far, this device is awesome. It's light and thin. Good camera quality. Long battery life. If you buy this device and use this one, you will definitly like this one.
I absolutely love the phone. Nothing else to say!The first one I received was defective, but the second one works just fine.The battery lasts not less than any android phone, so it was predictable that I'd have to recharge it every day, but for me that's not a problem. the phone is incredibly fast, I love the interface, and the 4g is really faster.
I have had this phone for about 3 weeks and I must say that I love this phone. This is my first Android phone and I love Android now. I have owned the iPhone and other phones such as Nokia and older verion Samsung phones. The internet is pretty fast and there are so many apps that are available and most of them for free. The screen and colors are bright and the phone is easy to use. This phone works pefectly fine on AT&T nework. If you are switching from iPhone to the GalaxyS I definately recommend the switch!Cons: No flash on camera Battery Life sucks(I will see if there is another battery available for this phone that lasts longer. I always have to charge my phone in the middle of the day depending on how often I use it).
Excellent
Good
BIEN
I love this phone, it works so well. And believe it or not, it can take a fall, many falls actually. This is a good phone, though not as up to date as the newer versions, it still works well and is quite resilient.
This was a good phone, but try to buy one with updated operation system.
I absolutely love the phone. The first one I received was defective, but the second one works just fine. I found that there were no issues on the calls that I placed. I heard no static, the calls didn't drop and that's all one could ask for. Although I have to charge the battery up everyday, I can live with that. Overall this is a nice device and definitely worth the price it is listed for.
Good
Lots of functionality, great product,easy on the wallet with new cheaper plans.
I like it, good price, handle, everything app inside smart phone.
The phone seems to be good so far. I question though if the main switch will not get worn out of over use, since it is used for turning ON and OFF both the phone and the screen. I miss the little circular switch at the bottom that turns the screen ON and OFF on other models.Other than that, I paid extra of second day delivery, but I received the phone 6 days later. The vendor should refund me the extra shipping charge
The Samsung Galaxy S is a great phone. It is the first model of it, but its still great. I rooted mine and upgraded to ICS with a mod. Works wonderfully. Its smooth, looks great, has a excellent screen and camera. It does everything I need it to, and didn't cost that much as the newer phones do.
Came very fast I love this phone a little slow but overall love it. I will buy again in the future.
Deliver was slow; however, there was more than was advertised. Item was sold as use but I could see no signs of use. Within my limited ablilities the phone works fine.
I have never regretted having this phone so far. Though I had the same setback of getting a used one instead of a brand New during the time of purchase. i was promised to get a $20 rebate but never came. Help me to have full confidence in you please.
The phone was good and ship very fast. No problems with the phone so far and I continue to enjoy the phone. Nice product and the customer service was excellent. They responded to my questions all most immediately.
I love my new phone - it does everything I wanted it too and more. I use AT&T Go Phone plan and it hooked up to the network without a problem (this was not true of another unlocked Samsung phone that I ordered a few years ago). Camera quality is excellent. Screen is a nice size without the phone being too big to stick in a pocket. Buy one today!
It's a great phone.. I love it.. There is one thing wrong with it, it keeps freezing and I have to restart up my phone.. Not sure if it's the phone or this custom texting app I have either way I love this phone!! This is one happy customer!! :)
i like a phone that is not too wide for my hand. it has a better battery life than newer galaxy.
I thank you very much good job now I enjoy my phone I hope I will find much more than that I appreciate that Have a blessing day
Just as promised this unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 4G is great. Setup was easy with my new Straight-Talk (Tracfone) SIM card. I now have 4G speed on the Straight-Talk network. The phone I was going to buy from Walmart for the same price had a smaller 3.5 in screen, a slower 850Mhz processor & a lower resolution 3 M-pixel camera...yuck! This is a much nicer phone, calls sound good, Tunein radio plays streaming music great. Everything works like new!
I bought this phone to travel over seas for work with. I needed one I could easily change out the sim card for any country I am working in. About to go on a trip soon and I will write more about it after I get in country.
Right cell phone for me. Great value, and I like the size, and features are more than I expected. Condition of phone was like new. Would highly recommend.
She loves it really easy for her to use. It wasn't hard for her to figure out how it works.
very good telephone easy to manage and clear screamgood size as well and this one was unlocked so you can use it as well on holidays abroad
Excelent
Great phone. it is exactly as it has been described.Easy to use and affordable. I am really happy with it.
Phone doesn't seem to be brand new. Has a few knicks in a couple of places. but overall a good buy.
I decided to get the Infuse instead. Dealer was great, no trouble returning and getting what I wanted. Use this vendor with confidence.
I'm very happy with my Galaxy S . I don't miss my iphone at all. It's fast and I use it with a $40 Simple Mobile plan, and I get everything unlimited . And what's great is that I can take it anywhere in the world. All I do is just change my SIM to the country SIM.
I absolutely love my phone. I have always been a blackberry person and was not sure how I would do without my beloved apps. I had no problem. The phone is a pleasure to use. I particularly like the kindle app. I immediately bought a one year bible which I endeavour to read every day. The seller provided excellent customer service when contacted. I would recommend the phone and seller to my friends.
Arrived early, new in the box w charger amd USB. Great price, easy to put my Tmobile Sim card into. Does need an sd card for photos I found one for less than $1
would be a lot better if it didn't have the T-Mobile junk on it, and was able to upgrade to the newest os system
bought this for nephew he love it easy to use, small light and fit easily in pocket, it a great phone for the price.
The phone was unlocked, I purchased it to a friend's girlfriend and she loves it, it is a nice phone, works really great!
I really did like this phone. Sad that I had to send it back. Would not activate. Would love a replacement.
as described
nice
My daughter loves it.
great item, used it on my international travels
It;s a good phone.
Love it
items good excelent
EXCELENT
excelente
Phone is very good but I got a bad deal on 5 he battery. Giving battery problem, hence the 4 star rating.
Love the phone!!
This was a gift. Everything works perfectly, though I wish a warranty was available with this purchase. I saved over one hundred buying through this site. Seller highly recommended.
Very Pleased with the phone, had the 3g version as well. Only complaint was, the microSD card wasnt in the box when received :(
Hello,I'm a first time smart phone user and obviously the biggest question was to choose iphone or android...and which phone in Android.After thorough research of available options, my expectations and reading reviews about various phones & plans, I preferred to choose Android...with GSM Samsung Galaxy S phone.As a customer, I expect that I should be free (not bound by any contract), don't want too much and yet get everything I could get...Apple definitely does not qualify (even if I jailbreak) and Android is clear winner. Android allows to keep my options open. I could gift this phone to my family member outside US, if I wish to too.Being new to smart phone, it definitely takes sometime to understand smart phone. I'm still exploring my phone.Battery is ok. It runs out fast if using WiFi or GPS is ON or if screen is too bright. But I'm fine with charging my phone once a day. Still, wish if battery could last more longer.Many reviewers complain about not having LED flash light in the phone. But its fine with me because if I intend to take pictures, I'll use my camera over my cell phone, anytime...beside phone has a decent 5 mp inbuilt camera.And I definitely like the inbuilt widgets. Very smart.Overall recommend positive review about this phone...but it may take quite a while to understand how phone works.Best RegardsHitesh
I bought the Samsung Galaxy S 4G from Worldwide Distributors to put it on a new line of my wife's t-mobile family plan (I currently have an iPhone on at&t). I do not know much about android phones, but the reviews seemed to indicate that this was the closest to the iPhone of any available. So far I like the phone. It is somewhat lighter than the iPhone (it has a plastic back cover instead of the solid glass and metal) and feels somewhat cheaper, but is a solid phone nonetheless. I am getting used to the android interface but have a lot yet to learn before I am as comfortable as I am with my iPhone. My only disappointment so far is that there was no memory card in the box although the box and manual said it was included (also no sim card but that was expected although the box indicates that it should have one); I suppose it was left out to make the phone cheaper, but it seems like a sneaky thing to do. Now on to the pros and cons so far:Pros:- I LOVE the beautiful large display! Not quite as good as the retina display of the iPhone but close.- Works with t-mobile (my wife's plan) with no jailbreak/unlock needed- Android is new to me so it will be a new learning experience- Easy network data disable in the shutdown menu (nice touch!)- Very fast data transfer on wifi (have not tried 4G)Cons:- Cheaper feel, not as solid as iPhone (but then again, nothing is!)- Larger footprint- New interface will take some getting used to
This is an amazing phone! I purchased this to replace my Blackberry 9700 because it was starting to act crazy. It got to the point where the phone would freeze when a call came through only to unfreeze when the caller hung up. Finally fed up I chose to get this device. Originally I was not interested in this phone because I was still scarred from the G1 experience and wanted nothing more to do with Android. After my friends found out I was intensely looking into the HTC HD7 they worked diligently to change my mind and steer me back to Android. This smartphone does everything and more. I will be as detailed as possible about this device.PackagingWhen I received the package I found that it was very well put together. The box, of course, was open because the dealer needed to remove the sim card and to unlock the phone. Otherwise the phone was pristine and looked like I had ordered it from Tmobile. The items that were included was the phone, travel charger extender, data wire, battery, 16 GB micro sd card, Samsung premium in-ear earphones, and the manuals. One thing I did not like about the charger was that there is not a wire attached to the travel portion so you have to always use the data cable to charge the phone. This looks like it's the norm for this line of phones, so no quality loss on behalf of the dealer, just simply Samsung's poor designing. The back of the phone is a little flimsier than I would like, but that's all opinion. The weight of the phone is not heavy at all but is so sturdy that one would think that a metal back would make it a little classier. I have the Samsung Behold as well, much cheaper than this phone, and it has a really nice metal-like back on it. Overall, however, the packaging was very professional.ScreenThe screen on the phone is a four inch super amoled screen. The colors are very vibrant and crisp with no visible pixelation.NetworkI have Tmobile unlimited prepaid service, which is $70 a month. I had absolutely no issues in getting service started. I live in an area where my blackberry constantly stayed between edge and 3G, never fully 3G service so I had no high hopes for this device. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I installed my sim that the indicator was telling me that I was on the 4G network. I have been on this network all day and it has not dropped bars and has remained a steady 4G so I am thrilled about that. The HSPA+ service definitely works and the connections are extremely fast. No issues in that department.Email SetupI had a little difficulty setting up my email addresses on the phone. I tried fruitlessly when I first turned the phone on to activate my yahoo accounts and the server kept stating that it was not available and could not process my request. I gave up for a few hours and tried again and it did connect. If email is important to you, it may be a slight headache to activate but will run smoothly when it's actually configured. I found that I needed to set up a gmail account in order to use the Marketplace. While it is not necessary to have a gmail account to access the OS upon first turning the phone on (like the G1), you should take into account that to use this feature you will have to create an account. I still have not synced my student email to the phone because it's asking for features I do not have (domain). In comparison the Blackberry 9700 allowed me to sync my school account with no issues and never asked for a domain. I just input the email address and password and off I went. This is a slight annoyance but not the end of the world.MessagingMessaging is pretty standard here. The setup and the color scheme makes it enticing to look at and operates beautifully. There are two keyboards on the phone: Swype and Samsung. I am not much on swyping because I kept making mistakes and that is slightly agitating. I changed the keyboard to Samsung standard and my headache of texting went away!Call LevelI found that there were no issues on the calls that I placed. I heard no static, the calls didn't drop and that's all one could ask for. This phone does support WiFi calls. I made a few calls on WiFi and also found no issues in the quality.BluetoothIt took me less than a minute to sync my Bluetooth with this phone. The phone found the device in about five seconds, found the password OTA and entered it for me and then connected. I was shocked at how fast and effortless it was.BrowserThe internet browser is really decent. I was able to go to every site that I attempted with no issues. This phone has adobe flash embedded in the browser so therefore you are able to view video's within various websites without the video's being attached to YouTube which is really nice.Battery LifeThe battery life on this phone is excellent, as far as I can tell. I charged the phone completely when I received it without turning it on to ensure that I did not destroy my battery power before I even got started. I don't know if that's a myth, but I charged first just in case it wasn't.Overall this is a nice device and definitely worth the amount of money it's listed for. I have been looking at and reviewing the specs for weeks now and I am glad that I made this choice. I would recommend this to anyone on the Tmobile network but I cannot definitively say that this works on other GSM carriers because I was not able to test other carriers. Minus the battery charger, the back cover, and email issues I give this device a 4.5/5.0!**Edit June 27, 2011**This phone has a really nice, crisp, vibrant display but one problem I have found is when sitting outside in the sunlight you almost cannot see what's on the screen. For this inconvenience I am dropping this review down to a 4.0. What is the point of having a mobile device if you cannot see the screen outside which is the primary purpose of a portable phone?Another issue I have stumbled on is that the ringtone does not always ring. There are times when I have notifications when I turn the screen on but I did not hear the tone go off. For this to be fixed you have to turn the phone off and back on. I don't know if that was just my device but that has annoyed me a little. The ringtones are also a little lower than I would like.I have been enjoying this device, but there are some issues one cannot overlook just because I like the phone. I still recommend it however if these issues are enough to agitate you then I would find something else.**Edit June 29, 2011**I never reviewed the video and music player because I had not tried them at the time of the original review. I typically don't use my phone other than for what it's intended for because I have a Zune HD which is music and video ad I like to keep media seperate from my phone because of the battery power usage however I wanted to see what else this phone could do. I have .avi movies on my computer so I decided to sync some to the phone to see what the quality really looked like. I was blown away at how crisp the screen was! When listening to the movies through earphones you have the ability to listen in 5.1 surround sound and it sounds like you are in the movie theater. I really enjoyed this feature. The mp3 player was delightful as well. I listened to an entire 12 song album and viewed a 1 hour 50 minute movie on this phone without being plugged to the charger and my battery never dropped power bars. I am thrilled with the battery life in this respect and that the media on the phone does not drain it. Very nice experience!**Edit July 5, 2011**I took a mini trip for the 4th of July to an area in my state that normally has decent coverage on T-Mobile's network. I ran into a lot of problems with this phone when I got into this area because the phone is provisioned for HSPA+ and this area is Edge/3G, more Edge than 3G. When I tried to use my phone I continuously got dropped calls or my calls would not complete and I am not going to get started on the net service out there. Because of the phone constantly looking for a 4G connection it sucked my battery down rather quickly and my phone just wasn't working. I am glad that this was just a getaway and not where I live, however, it is imperative that if you are considering this phone that you go to [...]and check the coverage very carefully because if you are not in a 4G area there is a great chance that you will assume that the phone bites when in actuality it's the coverage, not the phone. I am not too sure about the AT&T customers and how they may fare with this issue because I do not have an AT&T sim, but I would send my advice their way also. Check the coverage at AT&T if you have that service because your sim will be hitting their cell sites.**Edit July 9, 2011** Wireless TetheringI know this is a lot of updates, but I am still finding new options on this phone. So, I was in the Android Marketplace wanting to find a tethering service for this phone because my Blackberry 9700 had a tethering service named Tether and it was great and useful while I was at work. I found the same app in the marketplace and attempted to download it. Much to my annoyance and dismay it was not easy to set up. I had to download something called Samsung New PC Suite which allowed you to install the device on the computer and sync music and video's to the phone. While playing around with my settings I found that I was able to plug my phone into the computer with the PC Suite, activate tethering on the phone, and connect to the internet! I was not on my wifi at the time and I was confused because my pages were still loading on my computer. I did not have to download any 3rd party tethering program (and pay for it) because this phone has a built in tethering program and no, I did not have to pay extra for that feature on the phone. Here are the steps to activating the wireless feature:1. Download Samsung New PC Suite (preferrably an updated version) and install the program.2. Plug the phone into the computer and wait for the drivers to install, in which case you should receive the popup in the bottom right tray that says that everything installed and you should be able to use the phone.3. On your phone, hit the backspace key if you have a screen giving you three options which are for the Kies Firmware Update, Mass Storage, etc. After you hit the backspace key you should be back to the main screen on your phone.4. Hit "Applications" and scroll over to "Settings". Click on "Settings".5. Tap "Wireless and Network", then tap "Tethering".6. You should have a "USB tethering" option. Tap this option so that a checkmark is in the box. In your task bar at the top of the phone, you should see tethering enabled. You can hit the house to go back to the main screen on the phone.7. If your computer is Windows 7 and configured like mines you should see a little mini computer in the task bar next to the time. This will tell you that the connection is active. If it has a yellow bar next to it give it a few moments to connect to the internet. At this point you can surf the web! No extra money to put out, no gimmick, just internet.I am super glad that I was able to figure this out because I downloaded a trial and did not pay for the app but once I figured out how to get the app installed on the computer I was going to pay for the full app which was, like, $32 dollars. That's a lot to pay for a feature you already have for free, in my opinion. If you run into any issues trying to install this then there are support forums that will walk you through the issues. I cannot say that this is the same process on Vista or before because all of my pc's have been updated to 7. As far as AT&T I cannot say if they allow this connection because I also have no AT&T access but it is definitely worth a try. I think that this is a great feature and I thank Samsung for caring enough to add this, and for Tmobile not blocking my connection, because it's a lifesaver when not around a connection or a hotspot but have school work or something that must get done.**Edit July 24, 2011** Seidio Innocell 3000 mAh BatteryOn the 1620 mAh battery that comes with the phone I was ultimately able to squeeze out 11 hours of usage, from 9:45 a.m to 8:00 p.m, on heavy use. The problem I ran into was that I actually leave my job at 10 p.m, sometimes a smidgen later, and I was not thrilled with having a dead phone to go home with. With that, I chose to get the Seidio Innocell 3000 mAh battery from amazon. I received this battery on Friday afternoon. Charged it from 7:30 p.m to 2:00 a.m Saturday morning. I used this phone from 2:00 a.m until 4:00 a.m Sunday and my phone was still at 4%. This is after over 3 hours of conversation, non-stop messaging, Facebook messages and status updates, internet, YouTube video's for 30 minutes, gaming and using the OI Shopping app when I got off work at midnight and picked up a few things for Sunday dinner at Wal-Mart. Calculate the time: From 2:00 a.m Saturday til 4:00 a.m Sunday I did not touch my charger. I took my charger to work with me just in case and never pulled it out of my purse. That is 26 straight hours of power, and then some because when I went to bed at 4 a.m my phone was at 4% and I could not kill the battery and trust me I did everything I could to kill it because I am still conditioning the battery and wanted to charge it from slam dead. However, I gave in and charged it at 4%. There is no telling how long that battery truly lasts beyond 4% because I had to give up and go to bed and I needed a working phone later in the day and did not want to chance standby and a dead phone when I woke up 8 hours later. Nonetheless, this is an accessory that is really necessary if you are like me and enjoy having the phone all day! This battery is $56.00 here on amazon.com and it's worth every penny! (I did a more detailed review on the battery page and like the phone journey I will be updating that review as I get more of an understanding of what it will be doing over time, especially next weekend when I am done conditioning it.)**Edit August 14, 2011**Less than 2 months after getting this phone it has begun to freeze on me and shut off in the middle of the calls. The dialer is forcing close as well. This was my main issue with the G1 when I had it a few years ago. It forced closed so many times that I was forced to get another phone. I have not found the reason for the freezing and shut off but it has disconnected my calls at least three times this week and re-booted as well as the calls will mysteriously drop with full signal. I am not going to throw in the towel just yet. I will do a little googling and see if maybe this phone is due for an update but if this issue is not fixed soon I will be forced to get another device, which I really do not want to do at this point. For these new issues, I am going to drop this to a three star rating and raise it back to four if I can fix it.**Edit Auguest 17, 2011** Roots and Mobile Access Points, Oh My!Okay, a few days ago I have been having issues with my phone cutting off in the middle of conversations and dropping calls on full 4G signal strength. I went through my settings and realized that I was a "Super User". Now, I know that having a "rooted" phone does not mean that it will cause the phone to power cycle or drop connection, however, ever since I "unrooted" this device I have not had any additional issues with it powering off or dropping calls. For those who don't understand what rooting is, this is a process very similar to taking over administrative rights to your computer, only it's taking over ownership of your phone which allows you to download and install third party applications. The phones from this dealer are rooted and unlocked, so that's something to consider if you start having issues similar to what I experienced.I also just found out that this phone is a wireless access point, which allows you to wirelessly share your data connection through the phone company with up to five additional wireless devices. I tried this last night with my Zune HD and my laptop and it works beautifully. To enable this feature:1. Go to Settings2. Go to Wireless and Network3. Go to Mobile AP (3rd Option)4. Select Mobile AP (1st Option; option will not be active if battery dips below a certain point)5. Activate Wifi on the device you want to use and look for the network, usually named "Android" with some numbers after the name.I cannot definitively say that this actually work for carriers other than Tmobile, because I have no other sim cards to test, but it's always worth a shot! Remember that Mobile AP is a hotspot but that it also uses your data so make sure you have unlimited if you plan on using this option a lot. Tmobile has no more than 5GB of data, which is rumored to be unlimited but I don't know because I am somewhat midway through the month and I have used over 2GB of data, so we will see at the end of the month if it is, indeed, unlimited.
Recived this phone. Works perfect. No problems. Have not yet checked the unlocked part as I plan to use internationally when I travel with other countries sim cards in the phone I. Works perfect with the prepaid tmob acct- $70/month for unlimited data, text, talk. Thats the best deal around. Buy an iphone and pay perhaps $120 or more for the same services (probably much more actally) or this. Pay for the phone in a few months. Insurder it for $58/yr with ensquared. DId an amazing amount of research and feel this is the best bang for the buck. The near $400 is tough upfront, but its the best investment youll make. Have to admit comming from Itunes and iphone, Android is not as easy and more fiddly, but also more customizable. My previous tmobile pay as you go sim went right in and then I upgraded that acct to the all you can have acct online without talking to anyone. Very easy and quick, same number and all. Would recommend this phone and plan.
Got this phone to use with Solavei. Works very well with the Solavei plan I got from "More Than Cell Service".
The phone has a large screen, quick response time, and the resolution is great. Very good phone for the price.
I bought this phone for my daughter for her birthday and she loved it and is very happy with it.
I love my cell phone, and I think it was the best deal I ever had in buying a phone.
like it.if i dont like it then why i should order this phone. its awsome phone.happy happy happy happy yappy.
I brought this for my wife and she loves it. The screen is big and she is learning how to use the camera phone which is the feature she likes best on it.
I am very please with the Samsung T959 Galaxy with Android OS, it is more versital than I expected. I like the fact that I can load my own personal documents and pictures from my computer and view them on my phone, it is with out a doubt the most versital phone I have every owned.Additionally, the AA+Seller shipped promptly; my order was for standard shipping and the seller shipped it Priority Mail.Though the cell phone lacks a photo flash, that is minor compared with all the extra features. Two weeks earlier I had bought a Samsung Focus SGH i917 phone with Windows 7 OS, what a let down, and futher research on Windows 8 was no better, Microsoft wanted to control your personal items. When typing a "text message" in the landscape position, my right hand little finger would accidently touch the "Send" button which is located immediately next the letter "L" on the key pad; I would send out a text message with part of a word or sentence, very frustrating.Another thing that I appreciated about Android OS is the transfer of documents etc. between my laptop and the cell phone via USB cable; I can see exactly what folder/files were stored on my phones' memory card. With Windows 7 & 8 OS, you have to use Microsoft's "Zune" and if you read through the fine print, they basically have access to any and all personal data stored on your phone and possible your laptop computer. However, this is also simular to "Think Free Office" document reader on this cell phone. I recommend that you select "Later" button every time your document is loaded, thus avoiding "Activate now" button; your documents will load just fine.Battery power drain can be reduced by going to "Settings", "Sound", "Vibrate" , and selecting "Never", this extends considerably the battery life between chargings. Additionally, turn off the "WiFi" calling feature when not needed.darrel of Texas
A definite winner. Stylish, elegant unexpected quality for its price. This is a must see/buy if you're fashion conscious but even more so is the pleasant sensation from touch, screen presentation and loud and clear speakers. I would buy this phone again i.e before they one-up their technology.
The only thing I wasn't satisfied with was the fact that the battery was no good. The cell would shut off on it's own even on a fully charged battery. The phone itself looks brand new. I notified the seller of the problem and he responded back to me very quickly.He stated that he would reimburse me for the price I had to pay to purchase a new battery. The seller is also going to give me a memory card for my inconvenience. Even though I had a slight problem with my phone, I would still consider purchasing from this company again.
With all the bells and whistles you will need. Nice screen size & not heavy.New enough that you can get a variety of cases for it on Amazon.It operates on that 1700 cell band frequency you need to use all of Tmobiles features on 4G network.Without that, your phone only runs on 2G. Decent battery life.
I'm new to this kind of phone and I really like all the features. It's so convenient to check my messages, read my kindle books,and all the other things I couldn't do with my regular phone.It was a good bargain.
Excellent build quality and everything you'd expect from a handset of this generation. The screen looks great compared to other phones from the era. I would recommend a case, because the silver edges can get scratched.
good phone for the price. good battery. camera a bit weak, no flash and does not come with factory charger or memory card
Great Item
Is good
I have had this phone for the past few weeks and so far I am liking it more. I strongly recommend this product.
I bought 2 of these phones, and they were in great condition and packaged well (the phone itself was bubble wrapped and then all of the components were bubble wrapped together), but one of them was not unlocked as had been specified.
Love it! So happy to move to a newer phone! Have been using a Blackberry 8310 for the last 4 years. So happy!
I've been an iPhone user for five years and it it a quality phone. However, my Samsung Galaxy S2 is leaps and bounds ahead of the 4 and 4S by Apple. It is screaming fast 4G, has a removable battery, plus a SD card. There is so much more I can do with such programs as Tasker. The screen is beautiful (Samsung makes the processor and screen for the iPhone 5. Moving to Samsung was like a man marrying up! Thx Samsung. One can see why Apple is suing Samsung. Apple sells about 30% of all phones, Samsung 58%. So while I will keep my iPad and Macbook Pro, I will be a Samsung phone user for a long time to come.
Love my new phone!!! One of the greatest phones out there!! iphone can't even come close!!! Phones came brand new and seller was very prompt at responding to my shipping question! Thanks unitek!! Great job! In love with my t989!!!
This is my first smart phone so far wonderful look very nice. bought a micro sd card recently. will post more later.
I have purchased this smartphone unlocked for my wife,seller sent thru ups before the time. I am using with simple mobile sim card with unlimited voice,text and data is working great.Now we are on vacation in India using this phone with local airtel GSM sim with voice,text and data working great, My wife loves this innovative phone. I will give 5 stars for this smartphone and seller.
It just replaced my broken S II, so it was no whooppee; but this was a later build and has improvements to a phone that I was used to and happy with.
Good
this phone is good
Works well for a used item.
Overall, i really love the phone. One little thing is it will lag from time to time which is really annoying. Other than that, great phone
This is my second smart phone and first Galaxy. I came off an HTC Incredible with Verizon so let me list the positives and negatives.Positives:1) Came with Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich, a marvelous upgrade and a quad core processor which produces very fast uploads and downloads2) Allows me to run Google Chrome, a very fast and versatile browser3) Unlocked and open version, allowing me to insert differing GSM Sim cards if I go to another country4) Booted up with a Koodo (a Cabadian provider) label. I feared it night be locked, but upon inserting a T-Mobile SIM, immediately reognized it. Went to Settings>More>Mobile Networks>Network Operators and selected T-Mobile, the provider I am using, also showed ATT was available if I decide to change5) Very fast, be warned that if you are using T-Mobile it will not show 4G, instead H+, lots of arguments about true 4G6) Allows acceptance of up to a 32GB micro SDHC, an advantage I think over the Samsung Galaxy SIII7) Good battery life, I was surprised that I could surf and e-mail on wifi for 12 hours without recharging and still had about 40 percent left8) Crisp and bright screen, easily readable even with reduced brightness9) Dual screen e-mailer, allowing a view of e-mails without opening10)Frees me from Verizon's continual contract negations upon upgrading and from a contract period when I enrolled with T-Mobile. Verizon is good, but too expensive for my blood. We'll see how I get along with T-Mobile since 95 percent of my use is in my home11) Easily rootable, allowing complete backups, tethering and other niceties12) Seller's description and service were spot on. Phone was new and in original packagingNegatives1) This is a GSM phone and GSM is noted for poor reception inside buildings2) Both T-Mobile and ATT do not have the coverage that Verizon does, so you are paying a price if you expect to use it inside a concrete structure or in a low reception area3) On/Off button is poorly placed on upper right hand side, resulting in inadvertent ons and offs4) The sleek design is also slick, and phone is easily dropped because it is thin and hard to grasp. Correct by encasing in a silicone case5) The back cover is a very thin plastic, also corrected by a case6) I live in a dead spot area, will correct by the addition of a Wilson Electronics-DT-Cell Phone Signal Booster for Small Home or Office. I'll review it separately when installedOverall ImpressionJust a marvelous phone, regardless of the provider
The phone is better than what I expected. The quality was excellent. And now a year later it is still going strong. I can say that this device will not let you down.
The phone itself is nice. The T-mobile programing might be faulty. I don't know how or why but I get charged for Roaming while using the WIFI phone option. Doesn't make sense...but damn it's a nice phone.
What did or didn't meet your expectations?
Good
Muy bueno
As described
when i got it , it was like new , works great, large screen, where i got it from mailed out quick and packed it well
I love my phone and still have not looked into all of the features that are included. I have had it for about 6 months and no problems with it as of yet. I'm happy and yes it takes great pictures!!!!!!!!!!!
The phone is nice. Almost perfect condition. The only thing i miss is the LED flash for notifications. but its worth it if you dont mind that.
This is a b'day gift to my wife and she liked it so much. She is happy so am I. Technically, great smart phone!
This phone exceeded my expectations. It is awesome. My son loves it. I have the SIII, but now want an SII.
The phone came in with the original box and I love how it came with a protective case on it. The phone is almost like brand new and in perfect condition!
Better then and iPhone 4S1. 4G that 2MB down vs 42MB down 40MB more faster2. Looks nicer3. Just as thin4. bigger screen more viability on full desktop websites5. More free apps on the Android market6. Easier to jailbreak or root7. Has flash for true internet experience8. more customizable10. Fastest Android phone out yet till quad core comes out11. cheap 4G monthly plans12. Widgets for Facebook updates &Twitter weather and others14. Battery can be changed15. Has mini SD memory16. do you really need me to say more just buy it
It item is ok
WORTH THE BUY
Thanks, I received it today and I'm H.A.P.P.Y!!!!
I thought everything was listed in the description, but turns out there was more and the faults listed are invisible.
great phone..my only problem was expecting it to be a slimmer model similar to the one I had with Straight Talk (can't recommend them as they would not allow me to unlock that phone after having it over a year plus I paid full price for.)but I feel I got a better model with this purchase and it works flawlessly with my new service.
phone needs no contract -- it suits my needs for occasional usage. it is exactly what i was looking for!!
Phone is working great
Great phone to text and call!!!
This is a very nice sized phone that is a step up from the push botton other phone I had. The price was very reasonable and it was new not used. What I miss that was on my older phone is the feature that allowed you to make calandar entries monthly and yearly. The phone has only once, daily, and weekly reminders. I miss my birthday reminders. I have not paid to have the Internet options on the phone, so I have no comment on that feature.
phone needs no contract -- it suits my needs for occasional usage. it is exactly what i was looking for!!
I bought this phone for my husband who just wants to make and receive calls and he has loved it. He started using it as soon as it was charged and has had no complaints. Not fancy but just what he needed.
Great is all I can say about this Samsung cell phone. I just got mine from Smooth Sailing Cell Phones and I am so happy with my new replacement phone. Easy to activate on my account. Very fast shipping, Great price! Saved me a ton of money. I love my new phone... GREAT!
I lost my expensive, fancy, filled with feature phone one night. I needed an inexpensive replacement. This phone is like a slap to reality. Phones are only meant to be used for calling. I'm pleased with this purchase.
Fast service . All was as expected. Perfect for my parents. Works with Verizon plan with no issues. Good phone
Works great - excellent phone for the money! I bought 2 - one as a spare and one for a friend. She absolutely loves it.
Good phone for those of us who like our cheap "grandfathered" cell plan. I had available a smart phone to use after my old "dumb" phone died, but I would have had to upgrade to a much more expensive plan than the one I've been hanging onto for many years now. This phone has good battery life and is clear when you talk on it. It has a camera, but it's a pretty lousy one.
Phone arrived in a timely manner. Works great. Slight water damage to battery. Even with that I am happy with the phone.
Hubby loves this phone, replaced his like this that is worn out. He loves the size, it is easy to handle and fits in the watch pocket of his jeans.
Good fill in until I could renew
If you want a simple functional phone with big keyboard letters and easy to read screen, this is your phone. Replacement chargers are getting hard to find but they are cheap.
I got this phone three days after I purchased it. It looks brand spankin' new and I love it! Thank you!
You get what you pay for I paid twenty dollars. It works great could not ask for a better cheap phone.
More than satisfied with the condition of the phone and the customer service I received when I thought there might be a problem activating phone was great! I would definately recommend purchasing from this company and do plan on again making a purchase if I am in need of something they provide.
My bf just needed a basic replacement phone until contract is up. It works well and he likes it. Simple, no frills, but good product.
Recellulartoo was great to work with. There was a problem with my order - not their fault - and they bent over backwards to help me out and get another phone to me right away. Great service! The Samsung U340 is my favorite cell phone - the best - small, rounded, light weight, you never know it's in your pocket. It's fantastic for rough work environments - I'm a carpenter - and that matters, big time. It's a flip, so the key pad is protected, but the best touch is a little flap that keeps dirt out of the charging port.
The phone was clean, worked well, I neded to replace a broken phone before the contract was up allowing me to get a new one.
easy to use and safe. easy to carry. Don't waist money to use smart phone. no no no no no no
What can I say -- I got what I ordered, when I expected to, and I'm using it without a glitch. Thanks
I inherited a Blackberry curve from my sisters ex's cousin, I'm with verizon, I couldn't afford that xtra $30 data plan which I only used 75 mb's a month anyway, so I bought this inexpensive, I think it was like $14.95, so I reported my blackberry as lost or stolen, and switched that phone number to this phone, a little advice if you have a data plan smartphone you can no longer afford, cut spending! Switch and go back to the basics, just a plain phone! So if you're in a data plan and don't think you can find a way out do xactly as I did,call your provider, "verizon, sprint, t-mobile" Whatever..... Report the phone with the data plan you can no longer afford "Lost or Stolen" and this is what gets me........ Ya know, I for the life of me can't understand why someone would need or want a 2 inched "HAVE TO HOLD IN THE AIR 2 HOURS IN FRONT OF YOUR FACE OVERPRICED PHONE TO WATCH A DAMN NETFLIX MOVIE" The damn people in the movie are the friggin' size of my finger nail for gosh sakes!!! The technology they have today is xactly what that commercial says "PEOPLE USE "SMARTPHONES" TO DO "DUMB" THINGS". Ridiculous......... As for how the samsung u340 works, absolutely "NO" trouble, no dropped calls.~Stoney420
It is a nice phone, easy to carry and with plenty of capability for me. A good value as I bought it used. My only problem is I wish the ring was louder because I sometimes don't hear it.
It works.
It took a while of using it for the battery to hold up, but other than that it has been fine. It is the same model as I had before (for about 10 yrs.) so I knew what to expect. I don't need or want anything other than a simple flip phone.
awesome phone
And was able to use page plus cellular service with is great
Very good condition..very please with this...thank you ..
Perfect description matches phone , on timeGreat Seller
I bought this phone for my husband who just wants to make and receive calls and he has loved it. He started using it as soon as it was charged and has had no complaints. Not fancy but just what he needed.
Great is all I can say about this Samsung cell phone. I just got mine from Smooth Sailing Cell Phones and I am so happy with my new replacement phone. Easy to activate on my account. Very fast shipping, Great price! Saved me a ton of money. I love my new phone... GREAT!
I lost my expensive, fancy, filled with feature phone one night. I needed an inexpensive replacement. This phone is like a slap to reality. Phones are only meant to be used for calling. I'm pleased with this purchase.
Exactly what I expected :-)
great replacement phone
It came in great shape and the price was perfect. Thanks !!
Good solid device. Serves purpose well.
Product met my expectations. It is a simple phone that texts and makes phone calls.
I love this phone! It`s just like the phone that I lost. Thanks a million!
works perfect
For those who just need a phone for calls and texts...this is it! And, if you don't want a big monthly bill, this phone is even better because you pay as you go! It's exactly what I want because I don't live by my phone, and I don't need to have an app for everything that is common sense.
Nice little phone to replace my original Gusto which did not survive the washing machine. Easy to use, nice display and features that fit most of my needs. The prepaid plan minimizes the phone bill to a manageable amount every month.
Everything I expected. Working fine.
Great little phone without all the "bells and whistles".....battery life is exceptional and the call quality is excellent !
I received in good condition as new but have not used it yet. I will let you know later. Thank You,
Very good phone for the money
was as stated works fine
Phone works fantastic. My error was buying a prepaid phone to replace a contract phone that got wet. Will only work with a prepaid "contract"
It is a product of which is older but affordable for the purpose of what I need it for and not often.
My order arrived missing a power cord. Upon my complaint to them, E.Deals.2013 did promptly resolve the problem for me and I was impressed with their customer service. They are an honorable vendor and I will buy from them again. As to the product, it's the best cell-phone deal on the net. It's simple for my purposes, but is easy to use, sturdy, and reliable.J. Rick Normand
Works just as described. Has more functions and ability than I need. But it does the job I purchased it for well.
We thought the case came with the phone, but it wasn't with it when shipped. Phone works great.
This review is long overdue. I ordered this phone for my son who "apparently lost his phone". Low and behold once the phone was in route my son finds his phone. Contacted the seller and without hesitation found a solution for me quickly and painlessly. Returned my calls and emails faster then my own mother.You gained a loyal customer in me. Thank you.
I like the phone but it doesn't work with my Bluetooth in my car. Gave it to my grandson.The delivery was on time actually no complaints about delivery or phone.Thanks, no ones fault but mine, should have checked it out better.Trying to stay on an old plan did not work very well. Got an I phone yesterday and newplan at verizon
I bought this phone for our 12 year old daughter and this is a perfect phone for a first time user. Easy to set up and maneuver through it's smartphone like in many ways. The only complaint I have is that if you're not careful it is very easy to wake the phone and accidently dial some one if you have the phone in a pocket or purse. If the buttons on the front can be pushed the phone will dial randomly so I highly recommend getting a hard case that covers the buttons. Phone came in a nice case and in great shape. This really is a good little phone for the price.
The phone was everything the seller said it would be. What I liked the most is you dont have to use a data plan with verizon. You just switch it over from your old phone.
On time and no issues with the product. I would recommend this product and vendor to others. Simple phone, works great for the $.
I was looking for a phone that had a qwerty slide out, but do not have need for a smart phone nor the expense of the data package. The touch screen is a little tempermental - perhaps I'm just not used to it. If I were to change anything it would be to close off the icons that I have not need for.
Love the large screen and keyboard, perfect for my extra large hands. I liked mine so much I bought one for my spouse for their birthday. Neither of us wants to pay for data packages so this phone is perfect for us.
Like the layout, but for some reason whenever I close the case it wants to go to the wireless connection, which I do not have a plan for.
I am very happy with my purchase! Love the phone so far! I was skeptical about buying because people kept saying it had all of these problems, however I don't see any issues with the phone at all.
For a basic phone I definitely give it 5 stars. I love how responsive the touch screen is and the keyboard feels great. The phone is a perfect size. The only thing I wish I could do is adjust the brightness so my battery life lasts longer, other than that, it's a 10 for me!
Got the phone earlier then expected..wasn't sure if it was brand new, packing wasn't sealed..wrote to sellerAsking if t was new and where was the "sim" card ( as instruction book said to insert the "sim" card..by no reply from seller..). Activated phone @ Verizon store (booth), Verizon employee said phone is new and in good shape. It works, got a nice blue case from Verizon and a xtra storage card..good to go! Satisfied 100% so far so good! Guess "sim" card is not needed!
NICE PHONE.
Phone was in very good condition. Could have not been a better phone for us. Hanks for a good product in great condition.
Exactly what we wanted
Phone is in great shape and works well. Great little basic phone.
We have 3 of these phones. It's the smartest dumb phone you can get. Love it
Amazing!! I wanted to wait a couple of weeks before reviewing as I didn't get the newest or oldest version. My Brightside was delivered in 2 days with no extra charge. Packing was perfect and NOW THE BEST PART!!! The phone was/ is PERFECT. NO SCRATCHES, WORKS BETTER THAN MY ORIGINAL! 10 stars!
This was a spare phone. it was a good price.
Deliver faster than expected, excellent conditions and very nice packaged. Love it.
I bought this for my dad. It got delivered really fast and in great packaging and the phone works great. Can't even tell its been used. He loves it. 5 stars
This is a replacement product for me and I love the expandable text board. That allows the screen to be larger.
Took me forever to find this older Verizon phone, but I once had one and Loved it, and when a friend described what he was looking for I was on the hunt. I looked everywhere, but the best deal (and safest) is always Amazon for me. Bought him some cases, some screen protectors... and he's texting me from it now. This phone is great for guys because the keys are fairly big and there is a space between each one (fatter fingers!). Samsung traditionally is one of my favorite phone manufacturers. I've never had one fail. The ONLY drawback with the Brightside is you have two choices in the color scheme you see here, the orange one shown and a green one. But as far as quick-messaging phones go, they don't get much better.
I like this phone because I didn't need a data plan or a contract for it through verizon. It has a nice camera on it and so far the touch screen hasn't freaked out which is always a plus!
I love the phone. For people who don't want an expensive data plan but need to upgrade their stone age flip phone, the brightside is a great in-between. It's a good size, fits nice in my hand and pocket, and so far I haven't had any problems with it. the camera is pretty good for a phone, best one I've had so far. The key-board slides out nice, it doesn't stick or anything. The only complaint I have is the menu screen. Most phones have a home screen where you choose a background and everything, but this phone doesn't have that. The orange screen shown in the picture is your home screen, you can choose between orange or green and choose what shortcuts are on the home menu, but that's the limit of your home screen options.
PHONE HAS GREAT FEATURES AND IS EASY TO USE . FOR SOMEONE THAT DOES NOT NEED OR WANT A SMARTPHONE . THIS PHONE IS A GREAT PHONE TO HAVE .
My wife is pleased with this. It is a lot more easier than screen-based keyboard. Arrived & looks as advertised.
Got this as a Christmas present for my wife who is a phone simpleton. She loves it and it's ease of use.
It does everything I wanted it to do. My son loves it! Woudl purchase it again and again. Buy it.
I'm pleased with the phone, but it seems that on occasion the person I'm talking to can't hear me. It's happened two or three times since I've had the phone over the last 3 weeks. I'm going to be very concerned if this problem continues or becomes more persistent.UPDATE in September. This phone definitely has the problem on occasion where the person I am talking to can't hear me. Not sure what causes the problem. I confirmed that I'm not hitting the mute button, as it is not active when someone says they can't hear me. But, if I hit the mute button so it says the mute is on, then hit it again to turn it off and start talking, the people can hear me. So I've resorted to doing this once in a while.
I really enjoyed this phone. It has a nice slide up, and the touch screen is very sensitive and I like that. The photo quality is OK but it is good enough for me!! I really like the different fonts you can choose and layouts. I suggest going to youtube and searching up a samsung brightside review before buying just so you can tell what kind of phone this is. The touch screen is a little TOO sensitive sometimes and accidently calls people. But I'm okay with that. Great phone!!!
daughter wanted to up grade her phone saw this phone in best buy and I went home and ordered it on amazon. She loves the bigger screen. She would LOVE and Iphone but i tell her Mommy dont have an iphone you no have no Iphone..
I like the phoe because it is small and convenient yet it is a touch screen. I like the phones ease of use.
Very good phone, the keyboard feels firm, the battery lasts foreverthe camera is of poor quality.buen telefono para llamadas y texto.
Got this as a gift and it's much better than the phone it replaced. Thanks for the slight stip into the mellinium.
This phone is a great replacement for a lost or broken phone. Works great. Takes calls well and photos are good. Touch screen works flawlessly. No problems with this phone!
it was delivered faster than I expected. I was worried about the quality of a refurbished cell phone before I put the order. But I was so glad to find out the quality of the phone was great when I got the package.
got this phone as replacement for my daughter of the exact same device that she had "drowned". I had almost given up, because it is a rarely requested model.
My original Brightside got wet in a rainstorm. I got this as a replacement because I like the Brightside. It is one of the few phones with smartphone features (touch screen, etc.) that doesn't require a data plan.
I like the phone. But it belongs to a daughter who really wanted a data phone. I think she's a little disappointed. I'm happy. Must work well. She spends enough time on it! Kept me out of another 24 months contract.
I bought this as an interim phone trying to move her from a basic flip phone and to a smart phone (in the near future). This phone was actually cheaper than the Verizon store price and without a 2 year contract. The phone was in excellent condition when I received it. She likes the phone and enjoys using it.
Good item, fast shipping. Thanks
Awesome phone. Great features.
Great phone! Fast shipping!
for what i wanted it for it was good. although it did have some scratches on the face of the phone it is working well.
perfect
Thank you!
Great product
Nice happy
I purchased this phone for my husband. He loved it. Very easy to use & good quality. I would recommend this item.
I ordered this phone as a spare for when my phone breaks. I'm currently on a refurbished one now due to my original one breaking after 4 years so I had to order another one in case my husband,s phone breaks. but these phones are great and easy to operate and that's why I keep buying them. thank you. I just wanted a factory refurbished phone tho and that's all.c.kelly
I love this phone a vary easy to use way to learn touch screen voices are all clear and screens are large to read
It is a low end phone, but it gets the job done.
I love it....
The phone was great, and delivered promptly, but the battery was dead and wouldn't charge. Maybe the battery was ruined in-route due to freezing? I don't know, but I had to get a new battery. Otherwise, this met my expectations.
Just what I ordered and works as expected, even used. Thanks.
No issues with this phone other than normal wear as it was used.
This was a good phone as long as it lasted. I wish it had had a longer lifespan. There is never a guarantee as to how long it will last, and it was good for several months. It was a decent price so I feel I received my money's worth. I enjoyed the phone for as long as I used it. I would buy from this seller again as it arrived on time and in expected condition,
Great phone. My wife isn't into technology. It's simple and easy to use.
Great phone, don't let it get wet, as in rain. I learned the hard way.
I'm pretty sure this is the second time Amazon has asked me to rate this. But hey, whatevs.I've owned 4 of these phones now, I like them.
Just what I wanted! Great product, great price and great customer service!
The buying process was easy and timely. The product is good, but, the instruction manual is lacking and the touch screen and keys are way to sensitive. i.e. camera will take pictures with the slightest touch.
worked fine for 1/3 the price of verizon at three hundered dollars for a new one at the verizon store
I had this one before. I accidentally got water in it and broke down after the second time I did the same situation. The only problem I got is that the touch screen is a little bit too sensitive when your on a call or not. other then that it's just a perfect phone for me.
I am working my mother up to a smart phone. This was the next one in line--lol. She loves the phone! It was in good condition. There was a brief issue but seller resolved the it immediately. (Very impressed)
Nice phone for a non smart phone. But after I changed the screen color to green, the orange option deleated from by options and can not be changed back.
Perfect transitional phone with touch screen, etc, for us moving towards, but stopping short of a smart phone. Thanks Samsung.
Great phone if your looking for a basic phone that doesn't look like a brick! It has decent battery life as long as you dont use internet internet. Very happy.
I purchased this phone for my 75 year old Mother. She wanted a phone with a physical keyboard and a large display. After a little review with her she was able to use it with no problem. The ability to modify the display menu helped.
This is a basic phone but delivers big. I've read other reviews on this phone but I have not experienced any big problems with this phone. I wanted a nice up to date phone without a contract that I could text on. I do talk on this phone from time to time also and you can hear quite well what is being said.
US Postal Service lost the first phone that was sent out. They sent out another one right away, no hassles. The only reason it isn't getting 5 stars is that the battery that came with the refurbished phone lasts about 4 hours and then needs recharging. Still, not much additional $$ to replace it.
I think this is one of the best basic phones you can get. It has a good sized touch screen and qwerty keyboard. It does not require a data plan either, which makes it a very economical and safe phone for my daughter.
Was more than expected. There was no damage that was noticeable the keys all worked well the screen was clear, sound was clear. Price was fair for the item. Will use this vender if I need another unit in the future.
The phones have been really easy & great to use.This is one of the best phones to use without a data plan
Great phone, perfect for those who like the look and feel of a smart phone but prefer a basic model. Easy to set-up with Verizon; took about 5min to activate and activation was free because I already had an account.
The phone and charger were in excellent condition; free of scratches, screen was clear, buttons clean and tidy. This product exceeded my (and my daughter's) expectations for a used phone.
On time and no issues with the product. I would recommend this product and vendor to others. Simple phone, works great for the $.
Nice phone, very, VERY durable! I liked it a lot..........
Awesome
It's the perfect phone for anyone who doesn't want a data plan. I purchased it for my teenage daughter, she loves it & isn't embarrassed by it. Too many young kids with smartphones. All they need to be able to do is call or text. This is the perfect phone for that.
This is a great little phone! I activated it online and it works great. It was easy to set up and I was able transfer all of my contacts. My music was on the mini SD card from my old phone so I just put it in this one.The camera takes pretty good pictures, too. I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to spend a mint on a smart phone.
we have had this phone before and like it a lot. It is a reliable phone and is exactly what we ordered. Love it
Shipped quick, Works great. Great phone to teach your grandmother to text.
Was like new and has had no problems!
We thought the case came with the phone, but it wasn't with it when shipped. Phone works great.
Third time getting the same phone, I like it so much!
I've purchased several of these because it has been the best basic phone I've ever owned.
I bought this phone hoping it was unlocked so I could use it for calls and text messaging in the Philippines. It worked great! The battery life has been great, and adding the sim card was super easy. I was a little nervous since I bought it here in the United States, and then had to wait until I got to the Philippines to see if it actually work. Which it sure did. Thanks again!
Strong phone
I bought this to replace the one that broke. I love this phone and am not looking forward to getting the phones they put out currently. I only hope I can find another to replace it when it breaks.
I bought this because it was exactly what i was looking for. I've used this phone for over 2 years now and I still have it
very good phone, it works better than many new ones. so I think it worththe buy,once the sound is good that is it. and at that price it is a gift.
Es un excelente equipo, práctico, liviano, la cámara posee muy buena resolución y el teclado es comodo, la pantalla es amplia y posee muy buenos colores.
I was in a delima because I was in the middle of my ATT contract so not eligible for an in expensive upgrade and my blackberry was really in need ofbeing trashed. I didn't have the money to pay hundreds of dollars for a new phone and a friend told me about possibly purchasing an unlocked phone.I must say I was nervous about purchasing an unlocked phone because I heard many negative stories of how there could be issues with internet service and other services that my provider ATT has. However, so far I have not had any issues. As for the phone itself, I LOVE IT. I needed an organizer first and foremost and this phone delivers. I love the style of the phone as well. The phone is very user friendly. I must say, I am not a very techy person so I don't have high demands for millions of apps, but the one draw back to this phone is that I have not be able to find many themes for my phone and the apps are few and far between, I'm not sure if its ATT mall or if its because of the model of phone.However overall I am a happy camper because the phone was affordable (new) and I am very pleased with my purchase.
ALTHOUGH THE CELL arrives damaged, AMAZON GIVEN ME AN ANSWER TO EXELETE and very professional.THANK YOU AMAZON, will remain your loyal customerA PESAR DE QUE EL CELULAR LLEGO DAÑADO, AMAZON ME A DADO UNA RESPUESTA EXELETE Y MUY PROFESIONAL.GRACIAS AMAZON, SEGUIRE SIENDO SU CLIENTE FIEL
Switched from iPhone's iOS to Android and thought I'd try Sony's Z5, best decision ever! The phone arrived in 2 business days, put on the extra screen protector and an ultra-thin case (both purchased through Amazon), switched my SIM card over and it worked right out of the box. I noticed later that I wasn't able to setup Exchange mail for my work and the solution was to take it in to my carrier i.e. TMobile and have them enter their setup/configuration in the phone and this fixed all other lingering issues (as far as communication is concerned). The resolution on this thing is out of this world (I didn't realize it had a 4K screen until colleagues and friends who looked at the display marveled at the sharp and crisp display).I'm still getting used to Android 5.0 though (6 is not available for this phone yet, but soon is the rumor). I haven't found a push to talk button, but installed Dragon and it somewhat works like Siri.So far, the phone is a beast, worth every penny. The charger though takes forever to charger, I purchased an additional Sony charger on Amazon: OEM Sony Micro USB Charger (EP880+EC803) and this charges the phone much faster so maybe the Z5 shipped with a cheaper charger, I don't know.Anyway, I'm happy with this phone and purchased additional memory in case I need it,
Awesome phone couldn't ask for better battery life and performance.
Very good replacement of Z3, didn't get any overheating issue at all. But you need to change some settings to connect to ATT data network. This is Taiwan version of Z5P, so the 4G is equivalent to US LTE. Sony Z6 won't go out until Q3 this year, so Z5 could fill the embarrassing gap between.
Like :)
specs are as described. I am loving my new phone
Great phone so far. I had it for one day so I can't write a review in detail. I can summarize...beautiful, very classy and elegant design, snappy, great screen....UNIQUE...different from all the iPhones and samsungs out there. love it. Great job Sony
Putting the 4K feature aside the phone is a huge improvement from the Xperia Z3. It's far more responsive, camera is greatly improved. Also Don't has finally decided to get rid of the port covers except for the one where the SIM and microSDcard go in but that isn't an issue because it won't ever be opened. I can't say anything about the 4K screen because there isn't much content but that wasn't why I bought the phone.
Awesome Phone
It has dual chip
I liked.
Just Perfect... One of the Best Mobile Phones
This phone is excellent, good screen, battery duration is superior to any computer on the market.Apart from the above performance it is very fast has a heat sink does not hot, but it requires a lot at stake and others.The only thing against you find is that some specimens come, that does not work for Jack 3.5, and my case mine does not work, opt to solve the problem by buying bluetooth headphones.
This is my third SONY phone. Excellent !!! I love this Phone! Everything works on it just fine. I have ATT as carrier i live in the US. Took it to ATT when i received it they put a new sim card in and no problems since. Updated to Marshmallow with no problem. I love it and my kids love it. Thank You!
Works great!
Best phone I ever had!!Beautiful, fast and sexy!
although the battery does not last long, as they say.
Absolutely best android phone! Don't listen to the haters here, most likely user error!
Nice smartphone, get heat a little like other phones, just the battery life is not longer that the previous version, but it's a good smartphone. 4k recorder consume to much battery and resources. The only fault in the phone.
It is the wrong model but is OK.
Not very good, is accessible for cost and quality
Super sexy, feels great in the hand...however, upon inserting SIM and turning on, a software update loaded, and now my contacts, and ability to dial a number, do not work! WTH?
4g sony Z5 premium clocked at down load speed 36.7 mg's beats my techie son's samsung lte edge.sitting side by side, same AT&T; samsung son gets beat by 13 mg's
All perfect. A great phone !!! It broadly met expectations in terms of product and service delivery. Widely recommended. I apologize for my grammar in English !.
Beautiful but gets hot quickly
Good phone, the 4k trip is gimmicky just due to the lack of true 4k support in android atm. Cyanogenmod 13 is already in development. Stop by XDA and See the Sony repos on github. The heat issues out of the box are being worked on with custom kernels. The blah blah about whether or not to unlock the bootloader for the sake of keeping Xreality and minimally important Sony DRM functions goes like this, "Meh, unlock your bootloader."
It was everything I wanted and more
HI everyone I'm from United States new York city and only work with t mobile but it will work with at&t but phone/Yes texting/yes Internet/no
Excellent phone, honestly 4k is pointless with no support from services like Netflix or YouTube but pictures still look amazing and chrome back has a nice luxury look.
I bought this because I love Sony. Also my z3 micro USB port quit shortly after the warranty expired. I sent it in to be repaired and Sony could not repair it plus Sony removed the back and did not re-adhere it. I love Sony so I replaced it with this and love it. Don't worry about no warranty because it will fail after it expires anyways.
lots of space, speedier than predecessor and phenominal performance, no lag downloading, processing or streaming content, great product.
Nice phone
excelent
Excellent picture and good volume on the speaker. I'm hooked on the Sony products! Camera takes great pictures, even in low light. Love it!
The phone works and looks awesome!
Let me start off by saying this phone is breathtaking, from the head turning design to the 3840 x 2160 resolution screen.-A few thoughts-Display: Before this phone I have never seen 4K resolution before with my own eyes so I only could imagine what it'll look like. Coming from my former Sony Xperia™ Z3 Dual I could always record video in 4K but never could see it because what the smartphone displayed was only 1920 x 1080P (1080p) so after receiving this phone and after downloading a few 4K videos and photos I can say I was not disappointed one bit it actually far pass my expectations! Colors pop, blacks are true and the Triluminos / X-Reaility technology brings it all together.Design: just got this Smartphone and already countless compliments, glass front and back the back isn't just "mirror like" it is a mirror! Which I find very useful when taking a 23mp selfie but it'll grab up fingerprints like crazy I find my self having to clean it off a few times a day but it's not a problem for me becuase I always clean my phones repeatedly anyways. The chrome framework is amazing and I love they put the two front facing speakers back on the edge of the screen like they used to have it in the Sony Xperia™ Z2 models very simplistic. I didn't not like the two speaker placements on the Z3 models, on the bottom left side you'll find a laser cut (Xperia) logo and 2 thumbs up for keeping the lanyard/charm part in the design!Features: Sony Xperia™ Z5 Premium is the Smartphone I decided to get over all the other premium Smartphones is because it offers so much more for my needs that the others simply just doesn't. Being able to turn on my PlayStation 4 from anywhere and play my games with a Dualshock 4 controller and play all my console games on the go is great. Holding the power button to show the (Record Screen) Option and livestream my gameplay right off my phone with no added application is good all on the WORLDS FIRST 5.5in 4K display. I've tested a lot of highly graphical games on here and it is a huge improvement over my old Z3 Dual, games run great! Have never overheated once. I gamed for over 8hrs and the battery life is so good, but watching videos a lot can drop the battery life pretty quick I'm guessing becuase it will upscale 1080P resolution to 1260P.Overall the shipping was fast the packaging was great in the box I got a pair of standard Sony earbuds, USB/Micro USB cable, wall adapter (not quick charge 2.0 which the phone do support), booklets. I have no complaints.
I love this phone its super fast and the chrome is so nice just get it. Side note for those like me that have T-MOBILE IT DOES HAVE FULL 4G LTE do not put the APN settings by your self there is an option to DOWNLOAD INTERNET SETTINGS if you do this you will get LTE if you put them in your self you will just get HSPA+. Hope this helps.
This is something worth getting !!!
Excelente
Excellent product!!!!
xperia line has never disappointed me and the z5 after a few month is my favorite up to date, I'm thinking of getting the xz soon.
I bought my Z5 Premium From The Wireless Circle and it's a Singapore version if you want to know. It works well. No sign of being a dud like China's. Fingerprint scanner is good and fast. No sign of overheating or getting hotter than normal. Works with ultra mobile which are my services. Overall I definitely like it better than the Z5. I'm sure it'll work well playing remote play with the Ps4 and ps1, gba and all the other emulators just like the Z5. Camera quality really is good and so is 4k recording. Very stable and steady and I love it. Took the risk of ordering international since I don't trust China. But Singapore is doing me well :) no regrets.
Good
My favorite phone so far. Sony rules Samsung sux.
I love this Phone. Even today I like it I am tempted to get a new Sony Phone but they aren't making them with the 4k Screen so I have declined to upgrade as of yet. The Camera is great. Remember Sony uses a full size pocket camera sensors in their phones they work great. Plus it is Water/Dirt/Dust Proof. I have taken it in the pool and at the beach, no problems. Just washed it off wit tap water after going into salt water.
Best phone I ever had fast clean and beautiful display 4k video is amazing no over heating issues. water proof and almost all apps can be uninstalled.. lite and battery last 2 days before charge under normal use.
probably one of the best cellphone ever used, even it's over a year old, still performs on par with new phones that came out now, holds a very good battery life, although these days with Pokemon Go no phone can hold it's battery, but before that, can go 2 days without charging on a regular use, definitely last through a whole day.screen is big enough, phone feels very classy, water proof definitely a plus. even as Sony release the X Performance, i would still use this, other than the camera, there are no real performance upgrade from the Z5P to the XP.
This is a great phone - I quite enjoy the Sony line exclusively. The sound volume is less than par but different features more than make up what thia phone lacks. Definitely enjoy the fast processor, screen display as well as functionality. Beautifully made and perfectly engineered.
Absolutely AWESOME
Robert here...I got my Z5 Premium this past Sunday and thus far, I absolutely LOVE this phone. After doing much research, I picked the single sim International version as it has capacity for faster download. I'm really impressed with the sound quality of this piece. I'd been using an old Droid3 as my Mp3 player and using a cheap ZTE Maven as my communicator with Cricket service. I had to take it to a Cricket store to get the mini sim cut to nano size (free). Being an E6853 vs the E6883, the product registration site wouldn't allow me to register so I had to call. It turns out mine was originally set for the Panamanian market. The young lady I spoke with, Alice, was very helpful with getting me set up for my 1 yr warranty.I chose the gold color and it is so beautiful. It's such a shame I have to cover it up with a TUDIA Slim-Fit MERGE case. The case actually is very nice though. I am really afraid of damaging this thing.I chose the Z5 Premium mostly for it's music handling prowess. This thing must have some Walkman genes in it. I think I found a replacement for my Zune with the cracked screen. I've read some iffy reviews regarding the fingerprint scanner but' I've not had any problem with it at all. It does not work when you first power up the phone and that's by design. The volume button location is a bit kooky but, I can get used to that. It seems a bit slow to sync with MediaPlayer. I'm gonna try and use a faster port. I've also heard of people complaining about a lack of image stability. Mine has it and it works very well. One cool thing I found with this being an unlocked phone is I'm able to use tethering on USB/Bluetooth and WiFi HotSpot with no restrictions.This is going to be a rolling review as I gain more experience with it so, I will update later.Update: 08/09/2016I've had my phone shut down/reboot on me twice. Both times it had been in my front jeans pocket. I bet it overheated and went into protection. Thinking back now, I wonder if this is why I've had so much trouble with my android phones. I've had them reboot on me before and this Xperia Z5 Premium is the first one that's performed the same after. I think I like that. I'm still going to work on that pocket thing though. Everything else is perfect so far.
I upgraded from iPhone 5s and I love it. My carrier is att so no problem using it. well it took me a while to figure out how to use internet. It kept saying offline without wifi environment.( I knew my sim was just fine because I used it for iphone 5s till I received this xperia) If you have the same issue like me ( for me it is the first android phone ever so I knew nothing about it) go to Setting, then tap "More" you will see "Internet settings" at the end saying "download settings for internet and MMS" After downloaded, then finally I see little be more reception bars (for some reasons) and started seeing LTE right next to the bar. And I could use internet without wifi. Hope this info will help someone like me know nothing about android phone.
This phone has better sound quality than the Galaxy S7 Edge for sure, my brother has a Samsung and he admitted it.This Phone > IPhone.
Very nice.
I absolutely love this phone. I don't understand the negativity that some reviews mention. It is a sleek looking gorgeous phone especially the chrome version I got. The most amazing thing is the display, you'll clearly see a difference with its 4K display. It takes great pictures, crisp and detailed. I'm not a heavy user and the battery lasts me at least 2 days easily. Music on this phone is Sony's high standard. Coming to the software it is near stock Android and runs smoothly. I was worried about getting this phone reading some reviews but I'm glad I went ahead with it. There is heating issue but only when you use the camera for a longer period but it cools down quick too. Works perfectly in sync with the Sony SmartWatch 3. I use a clear case to show off the chrome awesomeness. This is a great smartphone and hopefully Sony comes up with the successor in the next week's IFA.
Received quickly and well packaged. I took my T-Mobile (USA) SIM card out of my Xperia Z3 and installed it into this phone without problems. The phone has a very nice display and works great.
INCREDIBLY F' SWEET! After months of research and looking, I found this device that meets my specs and is aesthetically pleasing to the eye! Built strongly with metal bezel and chrome back, I invested in the Rhidon covers for the front and back and keep it in a leather holster when its on my belt. I am staying away from rubber or silicone covers due to signal strength being insulated from them.Sony- Erriccson knocks it out of the park with this one! Best display I ever seen on a phone.It's probably the coolest phone I ever picked up! I can tout the highest price I ever paid for a phone in my life by far, but it is worth it because it interests me.If you are tech savvy and like the challenge of customizing devices with their factory restrictions in mind, then first do your research on these models and then some, before jumping into it with utter confidence if it interests you.Thank you Sony. Thank you AT&T for awesome monthly service. Thank you NGP for a lower price than elsewhere and fast shipping less than a week. Great job listing item and speedy transaction!
Excelent product works great in all tasks and the Best eficient batery saverThe best
Made a great gift for her. It has the best camera in market with a beautiful display.
Brillaint
I've been excited waiting to buy this phone and i finally did. It has exceeded my expectations! Its incredibly fast, the fingerprint scanner works seamlessly, and with the bundled quick charger filling up the already long lasting battery is a breeze! Low light pictures could be better but I'm not at all disappointed. My only complaint is that playing more demanding games tends to cause the phone to get a little toasty for my likings.
I loved this device. Only problem right now is that it won't charge OR turn on anymore.
Awesome phone does everything and the camera and screen are great and everything works perfect
Probably the best phone in the US that no one has heard of unless you're a phone geek. I've had to work with phones for 10 years in the cellular industry and have seen many phones come and go. I have loved the recent Xperia series from Sony and always believe that they deliver the best products. In terms of phones, it's no secret that Sony has had a rocky history to say the least (Sony Ericsson partnership and a myriad of failures).I'll try and keep this short, but at least provide some more of a detailed review. Feel free to check the other versions of Z5 Premium (Chrome and Black) for others, but I notice the Gold version is sorely lacking any thorough review so here go:I've been using this phone for about month and don't typically review anything until I have had a chance to use it for more than a few days. First impressions can be misleading, so I let myself download apps, use throughout the day, take pictures, videos, etc and get a feel for the phone. I will say I have used a few other Xperias before. I am jumping from a Xperia Z1 I purchased in Japan about 2 years ago and loved that phone as well. Probably some Sony fanboy-ish going on here, but I will try and be as neutral as possible.Performance of the phone is fantastic. Everything moves very quick and smooth. Responds very well overall. One of my favorite features (yes it's nothing new, but performs so so well) is the fingerprint scanner. Like I said, I have worked in the cellular industry and I know the iPhone first brought this to the mainstream but I've really found myself using the fingerprint scanner a lot and the fact that the phone is larger, the scanner is actually a much easier way to unlock the screen than sliding up the unlock motion. And again, it just works so smooth!Perhaps my favorite part of this phone, and a big purchasing decision, is the camera. I have two little ones and whenever the family is out, I am typically default camera man, so there was a lot of debate with the wife as to whether I should invest in a good DSLR camera or buy the loaded Z5P phone. I haven't regretted my decision as the Z5P takes beautiful pictures, 23MP, though I find myself using the 20MP 16:9 format and even the Premium Auto mode is great for taking quick shots (using the quick wake up mode). Yes, it does take 4K video, which looks unbelievable. And Sony does have a little snapshot tool to take 8MP screenshots of 4K video stills if you so desire. The 4K SCREEN ON THE PHONE looks phenomenal. I've read a lot of tech sites instantly saying that the 4K screen is unnecessary and a gimmick, however to be honest, I'm not sure what screen they're looking at. I've put up the Z5P screen next to my Z1 (1080p) and for me personally I can definitely tell a difference. The Z5P is so much clearer and the colors are very vibrant (though not overly saturated). Also, the camera has a 1080p/60fps video mode which also works great. Lastly, the camera has an insanely fast autofocus, which does actually autofocus, which helps with quickshots. Again, camera alone was worth the purchase.Battery: Always a touchy issue with so many and always the quickest to get people to stop buying your product. With heavy usage, and again, from experience, I know what constitutes heavy, you can still EASILY get a days worth of usage on your phone. I have tried several times to intentionally kill my battery doing things that typically kill other phones instantly--biggies being streaming video, games, GPS, camera and the often under-appreciated phone calls/video(data) calls. I don't think people really know how much phone calls kill your battery, but again, tried to get it to under a day and it didn't really work. I would still have about 20% at the end (say 9-10pm) of the day. Now again, I don't have the luxury of literally sitting down from 8am-8pm doing nothing but that, but throughout the day, I would watch/play/listen/etc and still had enough battery to do more by the time I put the kids to bed. Also, the last few days I've been trying something else and seeing how the battery preserves itself. During work, I don't heavily use my phone (because, you know, I'm WORKING), but even at that with 2 email accounts synced up, and other various services running (mind you, no facebook, twitter or other SNS-sorry no social life :) I still do some messaging but still have about 80% at the end of day. I DO NOT charge the phone overnight, lose a couple more percentages and start day 2 with about 75-78%. I then continue to work again and continue to drain battery and again still have a moderate (about 65%) battery. Now again, by no means am I saying this is an end-all guide to the 5-day battery phone, but again, for practical usage for people who don't live on their phones 24/7 I can easily get 3 working days of usage on my phone, maybe 4 if I push it. Again many factors go into this, screen brightness, accounts, etc. but I have been thrilled with my battery life.Ok, I'm rambling too much so I'll wrap it up. Quickly wanted to address a negative:Bezel--never understood why people think this phone has larger bezels than others. I think there was someone who actually measured the % of screen that the bezels take up and Xperias actually have a better % than iPhones and some others. Now one thing I will note is the 3 touch buttons (back, home and apps) are taking up part of the 5.5" screen. While others, like Samsung have the buttons underneath so you get a true full screen. Anyway, minor design gripe, but still more than enough real estate on the screen.Little extra here too, again, read about how some people thought it was such a novelty that the phone was water/dust proof rated yet kept the charging port open. If you have experience with Japanese phones, you probably know that waterproofing phones is very old news. Almost all Japanese phone manufacturers, Sony, Sharp, Kyocera, make all their phones waterproof because many Japanese take their phones in the bath with them. In fact, my wife has a basic Sharp Aquos from about 2-2 1/2 years ago that is also waterproof, but already had the open charging port design implemented. Again, just a little tidbit there about the novelty of waterproofing phones, so yes the charging port is open, but the phone is still sealed. I also can attest to this as I have used the phone for pictures in not only heavy rainfall but also at a waterpark (my little girl drenched my phone but totally fine).Alright, I'm done now. Hopefully this helped out and if you purchase it, ENJOY!
My brother loves his phone,he is a sony xperia person so i expected he would love it
When it came to my door you best believe I opened it faster than the rubiks cube wr. Great phone, quickcharge, earbuds, can play your ps4 on it without losing progress from the tv and loads more. If you have the money and are looking for a unique experience then get this. Also chrome is always the way to go. A definite brgging right to be able to say " My phones chrome and is waterproof." I've talked long enough. 10/10
Good
Excellent
Sony Xperia phones are great. Never bought an Apple, never thought following the crowd was the best way to go. Dollar to Dollar, Sony beats Apple. Waterproof, scratch resistant, and fingerprints don't really show unless you really got greasy ones, fantastic display, great sound quality. I just found it a bit big to hold in my palm, and the volume toggle is not well placed as many have complained about....so why doesn't Sony change it? 4K pics are great and so is the camera, but don't think it's as good as a "regular" camera with a bigger lens. Plus, buildings and tress may "bend" a bit depending on your picture angle which is kinda like a cheaper point and shoot. But, then again, it's a very small lens and so you will get some grainy pictures as well regardless of the megapixels.
great product!
A great phone that delivers as promised. Excellent photo quality, very fast focussing, and adequate low light photo ability are some of the great features. The battery life is astounding. It feels as a true high quality, luxury product that you can proudly carry and have people ask you inquisitively what phone you are using as it's doubtful that they have ever seen any Sony XPeria series phone. A+
awesome phone
Amazing. Best phone i ever owned. From samsung to htc. This one kills them all. Minor issue with tmobile setting up the phone other then that it is amazing..Great battery life. quick to charge. stunning display. This is the best phone! Ashamed that Sony does not push the market and let's apple and samsung. They simply do not compare.Only issue is that i cannot use remote play without wifi :( my carrier network is strong enough. Maybe a setting I'm missing.
I've had this phone for almost a year. I use it on the T-Mobile network and the LTE works great. The camera is great! The screen is only 4k if you are looking at pictures in the Albums app and the default sony video player. The battery life is great as long as you don't keep needless features on while not using them. The waterproofing is great, I've washed the phone in the shower several times and it has not failed. I think it is funny that other brands are just now water proofing their phones, Sony is way ahead of the curve in that aspect. The power button integrated finger print scanner is a nice touch,so you don't always have to enter an unlock code. Overall the phone is great and I waited almost a year just to write a review because I really wanted to thoroughly use and test the phone.
Very good
Love it! :3
Awesome device. Best clarity I've ever seen on a phone.
Not bad
very good phone. the only issue is the battery that don't last long. only a day.
This is my first ever Android Phone, having used BlackBerry since 2009. So most of my "problems" are just learning a new User Interface / Operating System (I'd have that problem regardless of what Android or Apple phone I switched to).One feature I didn't think I'd use is the fingerprint scanner. This scanner is accurate and trouble free. I love it. Compared to my wife's Note 5, it feels like a next generation technology (I don't tell her that). The USA Version of the regular Z5 has deleted this option. Big mistake, I'd get the international version of the Z5 regardless if I was getting the Premium or not. It's a very cool scanner, very impressed with the technology.I saw a few reviews saying that LTE doesn't work - it does. It doesn't display "4GTLE" it only displays "4G" but rest assured you're on LTE. I took a screenshot of a speed test using T-Mobile, USA but AT&T is also a GSM carrier and this phone has the bands for it as well.OK, I love the screen. I know that OLED is all the rage these days but I love this LCD screen because it can dim low in a dark room and can get very bright. The auto sensor works great on this phone too. The screen is beautiful.The camera is great! Coming from BlackBerry which always used subpar crappy cameras, I admit anything would have been an improvement but it takes great photos in line with my wife's Note 5 (probably better but we won't tell her).The front stereo speakers are fine. They are not as loud as one or two out there but are louder and clearer than many if not most.I love that it's water resistant.It looks beautiful. I got the Chrome but since I'm afraid to carry it naked and put a minimal transparent case on it, I'm wondering if I shouldn't have gone with the Gold. Any color choice is beautiful.As far as the 4K - The stock 4K video by Sony does look great but so does anything I'm viewing on here. I'd base my choice between Z5 or Z5 Premium based on what you prefer in phone size and screen size rather than 4K or not.I used to love BlackBerry because I liked carrying something different (they are very rare these days in the US) and I like this phone for the same reason. Everyone has either an Apple or a Samsung - but this Sony is something different. I really like it and recommend it.I intend on updating this review at the start of 2017 to give an update on how it works long term. But the initial quality is outstanding.
This phone is greatBattery last daysScreen is hugeResolution is amazingOnly problem I came upon was the fact that whenever I made a call or received one my screen would go black. Now the call would be fine but thier was no way of me ending the call or multi task on my phone while I made the call.Everything els works great though!
Wooow, what a cell phone. I was clearly hesitating. But I think I made a right one.Nothing to say about it
Awesome phone, super fast shipping, great price
Great smartphone in 2015. Evething is perfect.Stephen Yang
I ordered this and it came really fast everything. Opened it and it had all hardware. It's had USB hub charger, USB cable,and it also came with some Sony headphones.this phone is great.
Came a day earlier than expected! The phone is brand new, booted up and is working on AT&T (and probably any other GSM network). I was pleasantly surprised that mine came with headphones and the quick charger! Hopefully, everything continues to work fine and I won't have to deal with any peculiar defects.
Exactly as described loved the phone and arrived earlier than expected
Awesome phone, lots of people have commented it while I use it. Love it. The back I use as a mirror.
Product arrived on time and it was just as expected
Amazing.... Awesome
This phone is awesome! Nice big vivid screen, stylish gorgeous looks that make you want to double take. Gives you a really good quality premium feel for a phone. Sound clarity is decent with two front facing speakers. Words of advice protect this phone from front to back because it easily slips right through your fingers making it very easy to drop, but other than that I love this phone and highly recommend it if you have the extra money to throw at it!
nice phone
I love my new xperia z5 premium!
I had a Samsung note 4, this Xperia Z5 Premium is way better. More powerful, nice pictures with the 23mp camera.
Wonderfull Phone i love it is reallu nice
Ordered my z5 premium chrome through universal goods, the phone got here fast I ordered it on a Friday and it got here the following Friday. Everything was new in its package and well protected with bubble wrap in the box. I have had the phone for about 2 weeks and so far I am extremely happy with it. My last 2 phones have been iPhones and this phone is far better in every aspect. I've seen reviews of people complaining about the finger print scanner but I have not had any problems yet its extremely responsive to the touch. Also since I had read those reviews I simply used two Id fingerprint scanners for the same finger so that might have helped. Overall it's an amazing phone, great image display, sound, function and quality. I never realized until now how greatly underrated Sony phones have been.
Great solid phone!
This phone is amazing, Sony really created a good product. I believe it's the best android phone you can get now, specially 4K camera and display. The only unfortunately thing is the battery capacity.
It Is a great phone, it met all my expectations. I was a little confused with the card, it uses a nano sim card, but I went to my carrier and they cutted it and helped me set up the Internet connection LTE. I have been using it for almost a week, so far, so good. The fingerprint sensor works well. Camera Is amazing, took some pictures and videos and I just love them.
It's just great.!
Everything was perfect! Thanks
It's a really nice phone with a great display. Stuck an AT&T sim in and it works perfectly fine here in California. Only draw back is that it didn't come in English, and that the mobile data was not working, but with a quick search on the internet took a few minutes to fix.
Thank you for selling me the best smartphone in the world. The problem is you refused to sell its accessories. Anyway thanks!
Excellent mobile.
bes phone ever
All what is mentioned was true. Nice cellphone, nice seller
So far everything is working fine.Urgent info - The phone I received was configured in Chinese (Mandarin) so it needed to be reset in English which was a relatively easy task if you are familiar with the android OS.Next, in order to use any mobile data for at&t or T-mobile you must set your access point for each respective company. This is as simple as searching the APN names for either and setting it accordingly or calling technical support to get the APN designation.Notes - The phone is very slippery, I've never contemplated buying phone cases for previous phones but considering how nice this phone is I would hate to drop it. I am coming from a Sony Xperia Z(first gen) which was ergonomically superior.The camera is far superior than any other phone I've used with great clarity and fast enough to snap off some quick shots.As others have stated the sound key is not in a good position but it may be an issue of internal space. It works fine in the horizontal position which it seems more suited to. The screen is excellent with no flaws spotted yet.As with heat, I haven't noticed anything alarming. I've shot two 5 minute videos and it does get warm but nothing worse than what I've used before. It surprisingly gets hotter while on a call.Update- After a few weeks of use and the latest OS update, the heat has grown a bit but nothing concerning, The heat dissipates rather quickly when yo run you hand over it.Going back to the slipperiness. Man, its like trying to hold a ice cube sometimes. It really needs a case or rubberized bumper. I tried cleaning it with alcohol, but nothing helped.Do not update this phone to latest update. The first received OS system worked fine, there has been a few niggles with the latest software patch. Sometimes the screen will fail to rotate on apps, and will only start working again if you restart phone, or launch the camera and open a picture(only thing I've tested so far to get it to work). This has happened twice in the passed week and i don't know what is causing it, but it never happened before the update.Comparison against the new Samsung s7 edge. The edge feels significantly thinner and lighter and has more grip. This phone feels like a lead weight in comparison. This screen is a bit more vibrant in low light situations, but in daylight the edge is far superior. I personally like the bigger profile of this phone, but not when laying down trying to hold it in a elevated position. Simply too heavy without using two hands. I figured the problem with the flat blueish tinge is not an issue with the phone, but the actual OS, as it also appears to look similar on the Edge. The actual application boxes and menus are poorly colored on this OS. When viewing anything else, the color looks absolutely fine on both screens, with the Xperia having a slight edge in clarity and sharpness. The S7edge has a very smooth overlay and looks less pixelated in some cases. It's not until viewing documents and pictures/videos does the ppi of the sony stand out. The speakers on the xperia is superior in depth and direction but not as loud. The s7 edge does a better job suppressing bass which gives it a bit more clarity and loudness.The camera layout is better on the Xperia, but the edge beats it with smoothness and color reproduction. The default settings on the xperia is very bland, and takes some time setting it accordingly to get better money shots. The edge gives you a much more artistic profile strait out the box. The edge camera is also a bit faster, making it more stable. Video playback is better on the xperia given the flat edges and larger screen. I don't particular like the edge for watching videos given the curved sides. Lastly, contrary to my issues with the xperia being very slippery and heavy, i actually have a harder time grasping the edge do to the thin side profile, when scrolling through menus on the s7, it feels much more wobbly and loose in my hand.If weight is an issue i would go with the edge. This Xperia is a bigger fashion statement and the screen is slightly better. But i would say the mirror on the back of this phone yields more usefulness :). I've had three girls ask to use my phone and check out their faces with the mirror on the back.
I absolutely LOVE THIS PHONE! I just did a "forced upgrade" from my previous phone, Sony Xperia Z1s to this, Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. The reason I say "forced upgrade" is due to the fact that my screen broke after about 2+ Years of service, I wouldn't have upgraded if it wasn't for that. Anyway I been having this phone on my radar since it was released, so I bought it. Seller shipped it quick, and it arrived ahead of time! :D The phone itself is awesome and the 4K is beautiful! The PS4 Remote Play feature is a HUGE PLUS! Works great, a little laggy at times but playable. The Chrome background is nice and camera is flawless. Phone is FAST! I received a Chinese Version of this phone, and I am using T-Mobile USA. The 4G LTE works but does not display, but with a Internet Speed Test you will see it is there. All in all, solid phone, and great purchase! 5 STARS!
It is great!!
The product was in a factory sealed box. A lot of non-English information included with the phone, but after the phone booted I was able to select English and it was smooth sailing after that. The box contained ear phones and a UCH-10 wall charger with US spec wall prongs with a USB cable. The phone connected to AT&T without incident but in order to get connected to mobile data, I had to download the specs. This is done though the phone settings.Very pleased with my purchase.
T-mobile:Phone was delivered within the week.(standard delivery)All features work as expectedGreat looking phone with premium feelWould recommend to anyone.If you have used or owned a previous Xperia series phone this phone is a big step up
i have been a long term xperia fan ever since i first purchases the z1 (honami) a few years ago. Now that i ahev the z5 premium i must say that i am extremely happy with this phone. the clarity of photos and video are quite amazing for a phone. and the waterproofing makes for some added fun as well when i take this phone surfing and wait for a nice wave i just watch videos or listen to music. and the battery life is extrememly good as long as you have the right settings and with stamina mode you can easily double the time you use it.now there are some things to mention since this is an international phone it is not capable of 4G, but it capable of LTE which is good because LTE is actually faster. if you want a 4G phone (slower data speed) then this is not the phone for you. Be sure to set up your mobile network and to download internet and mms setting in the settings because only idiots forget to do that and you're not an idiot... or are you?
i love my new phone sony xperia z5 premium is really outstanding
The Sony Xperia Z5 premium phone is one that will certainly get people's attention.It is stylish, it is a beast of a phone, and above all, it is everything you would expect from a premium Sony phone.I love a lot of things on my Z5 premium. Some are great upgrades from my previous phone, the Z1.This is just personal preferences, but I liked the Walkman App before it turned to the Android Lollipop Music App.Lollipop is just not type. I will probably revert to KitKat because I love the UI and overall feel better than Lollipop's.The power button is slightly sunken. Unlike the Z1, where it was easily accessible with a slightly outward button.Lastly, and yes, this is was shocking for me as well. The screen.With a whopping 806 PPI (Pixels Per Inch) 4K screen, you would expect the display quality to be as clear as looking out a window. So unless I bought a faulty phone, I kid you not, the screen looks pixelated. Yes, you read that right. Pixelated.Now, I know that everything except the Album and Video apps are down-scaled to 1080P. So I tested the 4K photos and videos, and to my astonishment, there they are! Still looking pixelated, even at 4K. I had to look through a magnifying glass to see them up close. I compared my old Z1, my dad's Z Ultra and the Z5 Premium. Again big surprise, both my old Z1 and the Z ultra pixels can barely be seen, with very faint black lines separating the pixels, while on the Z5 Premium the lines were considerably much more noticeable.Looking at all three phones from a normal distance, the Z1 and Z Ultra's screens do not look pixelated at all, while my Z5, even from a fair distance, you can still faintly see the pixelation.Basically, I have phone with a 4K display, but it almost makes me feel like it has a WVGA display.Lastly, I've never seen a phone reflect dots from a turned off display before. My Z5 Premium for some reason reflects dots, pixels, I don't know what they are in a squared grid pattern whenever the screen reflects light. Whether its from the Sun or any regular light, you will clearly see them. Regardless if whether the phone is on or not.Conclusion.The phone itself is awesome. Great new features, great audio, superb built quality and respectable camera.It might just be my phone, its too early to tell, since a lot people don't own this phone yet, but make sure to check with others who own the phone and ask if they see pixelation or have a faulty displays in their Z5 Premium as well.[[ASIN:B0171GYNGW Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display Factory Unlocked (CHROME) - International Stock No Warranty]
The best phone ever! Beauty, fast anf anothers goods...
So far this is the best phone I have ever owned. I'm coming from a Galaxy Note 3 due to the Note 5 not having expandable storage and disappointing me in almost every aspect.First off, after using this phone I immediately fell in love with the waterproof feature. I will never buy another phone that doesn't have resistance to water, I mean honestly the technology is there, if the big companies cant get on the train and get this feature I will simply stay away. I also was able to easily expand my storage by 128gb with a micro SD. The 4K display is something I could live without but it is a nice feature and I can't complain. Battery life is very good for this device I am able to fall asleep with 40% battery from a day of moderate use, wake up and use the phone till mid afternoon with no problems. Charging is pretty fast also. I can leave the phone and forget about it for about an hour and come back to a ton of battery life.I removed a star for the fingerprint scanner getting a slight scratch within the first month of use and rendering it un-usable. Would be nice to use it but not a whole lot I can do about it. I think the next phone I will get will have to have usb type c with super high speed data transfer. We shall see what the future holds.
Amazing smartphone. Out of this world screen and terrific camera. It looks like no other and everybody will ask about it.
Pros: Unique, Worth the money, Excellent, Powerful device!Cons: No Warrenty for International Stock :/
Very good my sister love it
Great phone. Beautiful build, top of the line hardware and screen but Do Not bring this anywhere near water.
excelent !!!
Came brand new, came in Chinese automatically, but easily changed to English, just wish it had delivery options, but the product is excellent!
Amazing piece of hardware couldn't be happier
I've been using this phone for a couple of days now, and after watching, reading, and hearing all these reviews as well as feedback from others, I had an idea of what to expect going into purchasing this device.I saw a few have issues with the phone bending, similar to the iPhone 6 Plus when that first released. I've been babying it and taking care of the phone as much as possible, and in that time I've fallen in love. My personal experience is the UI is nice and clean, similar to stock Android with a few added extras, and it's very responsive. I know it's not 4K all the time, and until the Marshmallow update releases, there won't be much support as of yet, however the up scaling of videos in the YouTube app still look simply amazing. The camera isn't really want most hyped it up to be, but I find that it works well and edges out my Note 4 and my father's iPhone 6S Plus, which is perfect enough for me.From the general feel of the build quality, I'd have to mark Sony down as the "Apple" of Androids, since I haven't personally felt that the other Android devices did it for me. I tried the Note 5, S6 Edge Plus, iPhone 6S Plus, Nexus 6P, and multiple others, but the Xperia takes the cake in feeling the most premium to me. Calls sound crystal clear, and the front facing speakers, while not as powerful as some HTC or Motorola phones, still sound much better than my previous iPhone.All in all, love the device, hope Sony continues to push out updates for it in the future, and I may stick with them should they continue producing this type of quality into their devices.
Awesome phone, but after a few months of use, definitely a bit too big for me. Might go down to the regular version instead. 4k screen shows zero difference vs other screens.
Cool Gadget. A beauty to behold...Expensive? Yes but its still worth the hype. Finger Print scanner on the Power key is fast and responsive every timeBattery Life is not exactly 48hrs but i keep everything on so i cant really benchmark.to achieve two days battery life, you have to enter stamina and ultra stamina mode which really turns the phone into a dumb large phone since you'll have to give up all the cool smart features for a very reduced battery consumption. the battery barely discharges if it is inactive and that gives me a comfort feel that i wont loose charge when the device is not in use
This phone are really amazing!!! I purchase the phone trough Quality Deals Shop Center and for my surprise the phone came with the UCH10 Quick Charger and an amazing headphones. like ever, Sony make the best smartphones. the camera is really amazing, I'm impressed because the quality is superior from others high ended phones. the phone is simply beautiful and it looks PREMIUM. The fingerprint scanner works really amazing, much better than iphone 6s and galaxy S6. the screen is GORGEOUS, I can't explain it in words. the stereo speakers sounds very clear and super cool, but my old Xperia Z2 sounds a little louder than Z5 Premium. the led light is situated in the corner of the phone and is very small, for me, the led light of my old Z2 looks a lot better than this, positioned in the superior speaker and it was much larger than the Z5 one.The battery life is AMAZING and the quick charger works excelent, the phone charges completely in 1 hour approximately.
Best phone I ever had!!Beautiful, fast and sexy!
although the battery does not last long, as they say.
Absolutely best android phone! Don't listen to the haters here, most likely user error!
Nice smartphone, get heat a little like other phones, just the battery life is not longer that the previous version, but it's a good smartphone. 4k recorder consume to much battery and resources. The only fault in the phone.
It is the wrong model but is OK.
Not very good, is accessible for cost and quality
Super sexy, feels great in the hand...however, upon inserting SIM and turning on, a software update loaded, and now my contacts, and ability to dial a number, do not work! WTH?
I bought this to mimic a charger. I keep it plugged in and switch the batteries out from it and the phone I use.That works great for me.
Very good phone
Awesome...fast shipping. Accurate description.
works great for a work phone.
I had two of these phones for five years with no problems. Recently one of the phones stopped taking a charge. After searching on line for a replacement, I decided that I couldn't do better than with what I had. The used phone I purchased looks like new and works fine. I plan on buying another if I have trouble with the other five-year-old phone. The seller gave very good service.
PURCHASE THIS FOR MY YOUNG SON AND HE TRULY ENJOY IT AND IT WAS PERFECT FOR HIM TO USE AS HE NEEDED A PH IMMEDIATELY AND RCVD IT TIMELY AND WORKS GRT
i would recommend this cell phone for any sprint users, this cell is small, convenient and durable. i like the seller because he is true to his words. the cell phone was so nice it got stolen lol this is the second cell phone i buy from them. no problems its all good.
I purchased this to replace my mom's old cell phone. She is not too technically savvy and literally just needs a phone to make and receive calls and also to check the time. This has definitely served its purpose. Taken a spill or two and is still going. Very durable and perfect for older individuals as the screen is vivid and the buttons are easily accessible.
I purchased this phone as a gift for my mother because she hated her blackberry and couldn't work the buttons well. This phone was easy enough for her to maneuver and store her contacts, take pictures and text. The slider feature is nice too. She loves this phone and I'm happy with my purchase.
the phone is good and has a great feel to it its a little on the small side so would be better for a women but also can work for men
Great phone
Very nice phone My son loved it , has a very long battery life, easy to use option to use the slider or the front keyboard which is great!
If you like to text this phone is easy to use and perfect for texting. My 11 year son and I each have one and we really like them. They hold a charge for a long time and get very good reception in most locations. It takes decent pictures but not for printing just sharing.
Bought this phone for my 17 year old daughter as a Christmas present. She absolutely loves this phone. She's a HUGE texting princess and she finds it very easy to use.The querty board is what we love on our phones, and the option to use it as a regular cell phone, or slide it to open up the querty board is a bonus to this phone.The phone also has the data capability, but we just use it as a regular phone. We've tried touch screens, but they need to be recalibrated once a year, and they are not as nearly easy to use. We like the feel of the buttons of the querty board!
Perfect for my 13yr old. Its a lil small to txt on but he still loves it. the battery life is great.
I love this phone! I had this phone for four years. FOUR YEARS! The battery lasted about a week with minimal use and a few days with daily phone calls. The slide-out keyboard is great for users who are not comfortable with T9 typing. Honestly, I have a smartphone now, and I wish I still had this phone.I dropped this phone about once every couple of months...on a couple of occasions I threw it. It never broke down. In fact, I was on the Twister ride at a carnival - the phone came out of my pocket, broke into the battery, phone, and back case. I caught all three pieces and put the phone back together when I got off the ride - phone still worked.
I simply needed a backup phone. I have a spare liine and wanted to make use of it. I noticed the regular price for the Samsung Gravity 2 cost over $200. I purchased the used Gravity, which is in excellent condition and I am very satisfied! Thank you!
It is easy to use. I wanted something that didn't require a lot of technical knowledge to use it.It is perfect for somebody like me that is not very knowledgable with hight tech stuff.
I have had many phones over the years but this one is by far the best basic phone. It is a reliable phone with wonderful sound & clarity, easy qwerty keyboard and very durable. My son has the identical phone and it has had very heavy use. It even worked fine after being run over by a car and then ducked taped together!
Got this for my son. He didn't care for a smart phone but he does text all day. He said that he loves this phone and it is perfect for texting.
Very pleased, had the Gravity 1 before so this is similar. so happy. if you continue to sell them or a Gravity 3 I would probably purchase it.
I started using it a while a go and showing all my family the advantages of it. The all had blackberries and know they have Samsung
Great smart phone with a lot nice apps and long life baterry :-) Simply love my new Samsung galaxy mini :-)
one very cute phone, buy it for a gift and raved about this detail, it is very useful and fast for internet connections
Very Good.... The article fills all expectations ... The purchases have been effective at 100% ... I have no negative comment ...
El celular apenas llego a Mérida Venezuela le coloque un SIM CAD Movilnet y de inmediato comenzó a configurarse solo, realice llamadas y envié mensajes de texto y funcionaron perfectamente, el envió fue al tempo indicado, llego con todos sus accesorios. recomiendo 100% al vendedor.
el cargador es sumamente extraño, no es ni europeo, ni americano. Creo que es asiatico. Muy Malo, Deberian traer adaptador para americanos u europeo
It is a great deal to get the phone with so many features at a reasonable price.I would have given 5 stars if it had come with earphone & memory card.
I love this phone, right size, many excellent funtions and a very affordable price. I chose it between many because its GPS that has taken me to any place, address or araction without loose a signal or route, it explains to me the routes, it speaks to me and re direct me if I miss the directions by my mistake. It has everything I need. A week ago I realized that also it keeps me safe when I have to text and can not use my fingers , I just push the "speaker" key and speak my text to any destinatary I pick..and done!!it transcript the voice msg to text!!same it happens with searching in google or GPS directions...it is amazing!!!so far has worked perfectly for one year. Battery does not run fast as other smart phones do.
Samsung Galaxy Mini is a great phone which works well with a Philippine simm chip. It is light weight and has nice size screen, not really a mini. The battery lasts for a full day without recharging. It was easy to change the settings to English. The paper instructions appear to be in German, however, it was easy to download English instructions off the internet. The camera works fine though it does not have a flash. The phone charger come with a USA style flat adapter plug which attaches to the European style round plug. The new Mini II replaces this model which was released in 2011.
Nice, cute handy size, entry level function. Features close to full size smart phone except screen size. I guess this is samsung's experimenting for functions and market for its next generation Galaxy III.Low cost so even lost or broken would not regret too much. Kid always wants a smart phoe, so this is suitable one for her.
These are really nice, inexpensive phones. Unlike a lot of smart phones they are not bulky and easily fit in a pocket; perfect size and the screen is still readable too. The seller shipped same day; excellent service.
Good product, it is not quite faster but works well. No problems at all.Be careful it only works on some 3G networks.
I wanted a small smartphone that allowed me to use what ever service provider I wanted by simply inserting my sim card into it. It works
I love this phone. quality, comfort and good designall for a low price. Is functional and fast.Ideal for the beginner in Android technology
I purchased this phone for my wife. Got the white version (seller actually shipped black by mistake which we returned, black with green is horrible looking).My wife is not very tech savvy and needed a good looking small phone with touchscreen. All she wanted is a new generation good looking basic phone.Pros: 1) Very Good looking in white color2) Small size - easy to keep in pocket3) It actually works good as a phone4) Biggest advantage is that it has Android OS5) Web-browsing is great. Sometimes, I play youtube videos on it connecting it to wi-fi at home. Screen is sharp and speakers are great.6) Camera is average, videos recording it very good (resolution is not very high but in small size, its quite clean).Cons: Battery life could have been great.We purchased it more than 6 months back. Its all plastic but build quality is good. We have a small baby who mishandles this phone often but there are no issues yet mechanically or cosmetically.If you wish to have a small sized and sleek phone with touch screen, wifi connection to internet, android OS, average camera, you will not go wrong with it. If you want a phone with much higher capabilities, look somewhere else.
EXCELLENT ITEM
thank you............
Excellent product worked well, really recommend is a good productoa an unbeatable price, I am happy for this purchase reallmente if needed would buy another product equal.
This cell phone works great, and seems to perform just as good as the higher-end larger screen models, only without the higher price. Perfect size for a shirt pocket or for portability while traveling.
The package came on time and it was as described, the phone gets stucked sometimes but for the price you're paying delivers pretty good!
excelente
These phones at the date i am posting this review are not that expensive anymore, in general you can get a like new or refurbished one for about $70.I mostly used this phone for texting and calling, never really had trouble with either using this phone. On average the battery would last me ( on a full charge) about 3 days with about 4-5 calls a day and several text messages.These come with 2.1 froyo, although you can upgrade to 2.2 ( some may already have them) its hardly a difference. There are other ways to load most recent android versions but i would probably advise against it on these phones.Not sure how much in total these phones support for micro sd cards but i used a 32 gb one on mine and it read it fine. Since this is an entry level smartphone using a large micro sd card is probably not convenient because this has a low quality camera, you probably wont be saving much apps on this because of its android version, and other limitations.Internet function on this is basic, its not fast by any means nor would i consider it mediocre at that. For checking email, and non flash heavy websites ( with mostly just text) it will do, anything more than that for internet use and its pretty slowish.Taking video or photos from this isn't too bad as long as there is enough lightning or daylight where you take these. If you take these in the dark or places with not much lighting you won't be able to see much in the pictures ( camera has no flash either).The design is simple but if you plan on using internet somewhat heavy i wouldn't buy this considering it will lag a bit for online use. I find this phone sturdier than more newer phones so much more that whenever I or someone in the family damages a phone we end up using this spare one for a brief period.
EXCELENTE
Good gift for my brothers first cell phone!!
Great product
excellent product and service provider, I recommend
Grate
Very Good
good product
Excellent fluid phone. Very good battery usage, and works perfectly in the Dominican Republic.
simple with a minimal things for a smarth phone
EXCELLENT PRODUCT.THANK YOU
EXCELLENT PRODUCT.THANK YOU
love it!
Hasta el momento todo está bien. El celular si conecta correctamente con la empresa operadora de mi país, efectivamente si es internacional,funciona muy bien, el vendedor realizó el envío en los tiempos adecuados. El teléfono si lo enviaron con todos los accesorios. Con respecto al manual de operación, eso si lo tuve que descargar del internet, en idioma español.
the Galaxy Mini is an amazing little toy. It is loaded with many useful gadgets except for the european things that are on the phone. I am still exploring it day after day and have not found anything I don't like
Good, inexpensive, unlocked Android phone. Very interesting dynamic wallpaper. Youtube works well on this phone. The display is quite good. Very responsive while using Wifi to browser the web. The phone lags in playing Angry Bird probably due to a slow processor. The battery life is just ok. But most people with smarthphones probably drain their phone battery too quick by playing games, listening to music anyway. If one uses it mainly for phone calls and texting, it battery life would be quite sufficient.
This is an excellent product sold by Amazon. I bought it to give it to my sister and brother. and they are completely satisfied with it's features
Price quite cheap and cost of delivery free, but forecast for delivery service was frightening long, almost 10 days. However, it was a very pleasant surprise that actual delivery took only 8 days time instead of promised 10. if you are not in rush it's really good option.Phone is very nice. It seems to me that some reviewers' criticism about of low quality of images of phone's touchscreen is a bit exaggerated. Touchscreen is quite good, images well. phone is very nice and quite comfortable.
Compre este telefono hace 2 años y desde entonce sno tuve ningun problema, el vendedor es muy bueno, envia justamente todo lo que describe. Lo mejor de este producto es que se trata de un dispositivo loberado y puede ser utilizado en cualquier parte del mundo con un SIM de cualquier compañia telefonica. La entrega fue bastante rapida de 1 a 4 dias. Lo recomiendo
I received the product by Wireless Everything, and I was concerned about a couple of reviews which stated that the cellphone is a German reburbished non working phone.Well, in my case, the cellphone came brand new. Still, it came set up un German, but I changed the language and everything works good.About the phone, its a very good non-expensive smartphone. I have installed a whole bunch of apps from the google market, and all of them work good. There are some apps that can't be downloaded, but I think it is because the processor or ram capacity aren't enough to run them, specially the ones that have a HD in their names.Cons.Sometimes, about every 7 days, the Wifi can't turn on, but I reboot the phone and it works good, mostly I think it is an Android bug more than a phone issue.The battery juice is enough only for a day. I mean, after I connect to a wifi spot for a complete hour, the battery indicator starts to reduce. So it means that if I connect to a wifi spot for three complete hours, the battery will drain completely. I hope it gives you an idea about how much battery juice the phone has. If you are a person who makes calls in an average way through the day and use the wifi for 15 minutes or so, then the phone will last a day and a half or maybe two days.ProsEverything. Its a very good phone. The screen has a good resolution, touch expereience is great and the overall performance of the phone is good. The processor and ram are good enough to work with various apps at the same time. Don't spect it to be a super computer, I mean, it slows down when there are heavy apps loaded, but still manage to work through.It came with android 2.2 installed, and after downloading the Kies software from Samsung, it self upgraded to android 2.3.5, which is great. No need to root or flash or do any trick on it.So far, my best choice over a couple of cellphone brands I was about to purchase, like LG, HTC or Motorola. I think samsung is the leading brand in smartphones with android and now I understand why it is so.Hopes this helps.
Este celular es una gran herramienta..para estudiantes y demas tiene una gran capácidad y velocidad, lo recomiendo, la musica suena espectacular!!! lo maximo,, felcitaciones a samsung y sus galaxy
Great phone for this price. I use it on T-Mobile Network with the monthly plan. I works excellent. It is a very compact phone, it is not bulky at all. My phone is an Italian version. It does not bother me at all, everything works great here. It comes with the newest android, I think 2.2.One more time: if you want an excellent product in this price range, buy this one.
Samsung Galaxy Mini? Why? This cell phone has nothing mini. The size is very good, and the benefits are all that have any other smathphone. Simple, easy and highly functional.
I recently upgraded from an IPHONE 2g and I can say the the perfomance has been oustanding. The only drawback as some users has mentioned is the batter life.
Bought this through Wireless Everything on Amazon. It should be rated 4 1/2 stars. Small deduction for charger not working(OK, I have a spare, and the included USB cable can also charge the phone), manuals in a couple of European languages(OK, I downloaded one in English) and low resolution screen that makes text reading harder (OK, I knew that from reading the reviews). Don't know if it comes with a US warranty, but it will be obsolete or get stolen before then, like my last cell phone that lasted 6 days in Thailand.Everything else is just great for my budget and my pay as you go go-phone needs. The AT&T SIM card just plugs in and plays. Love the Android Gingerbread OS. The e mail gets updated automatically when you turn on that ap. FM radio reception is better than that of my car radio. Also has good photo viewer and battery standby time. I am impressed after a week's use.FYI, Samsung has just announced a Mini 2 as replacement, but for now, this is good unlocked phone for the money.
I love my new phone, it has a lot of utilities, and I can use a lot of apps. It's my first smartphone and I love it, also has a decent camera 3 MP, it's very usefull for my every day life.Not so good: sometimes it takes a few seconds to open an app. And the battery, if you use wifi a lot, you have to recharged every night.
Pretty good little phone... but BE AWARE!!!! all of these phones are foreign supplied and will probably come with everything in some other language. Not just the paper stuff, the phone itself will all be set to display in the foreign language and you will have to go in and change it. Mine was Spanish, but the supplier (Bluetek) informs me it could have been Polish. Tricky, partic if you are new to the Android OS. Took me about an hour of serious frustration to figure out how to change the language.Agree with all the comments about the less than stellar battery life and the small keyboard, but hey, it is a "mini" phone you are choosing. I like the small size and the light weight. I don't need a mega 5+ inch 7 lb IPhone or regular Galaxy S in my pocket. It's actually only slightly bigger than a Vintage Razr. Nice!I wanted the unlocked phone for extensive travelling in Europe. If I knew then what I know now, I would have got the dual Sim card B5722 version instead (and still might)
just for $ 140 this smart phone is great, obviously not an iPhone or Galaxy IBS, but also does not have $ 600, so 140 is very good for the big screen is not as small as the 551 and comes with android 2.3. 5 ginger bread installed, is unlocked for any carrier.solo por USD140 es excelente este telefono inteligente, obviamente no es un iPhone o un Galaxy SII, pero tampoco cuenta USD600, asi que por 140 es muy bueno, la pantalla es grande no es tan pequeña como la del 551 y viene con android 2.3.5 ginger bread ya instalado, esta desbloqueado para cualquier operadora.
Truly the phone is unlocked for companies in Guatemala, for a phone with Android system fulfills the expectations but one drawback was with the charger, the adapter does not work, of very poor quality and do not bring headphones or micro SD memory also are negatives for the seller because the description of the package if included in the purchase.
Due to some discussion about very different flavors of this phone being shipped by different sellers, this review is for a phone sent to me by UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGS INC via Amazon. Delivery was prompt and the item was in brand new condition (if it wasn't they sure did a great job making it look that way). Mine came with a very brief manual (if you want to call it that) in English, with the phone set to UK English. This is my first even semi-smart phone, but I have some experience as an Android tablet user so it wasn't all new to me.I have several USB cables with male USB mini connectors. This phone uses a USB micro connector for charging and data transfer so I bought some mini-to-micro adapters so I could use the stuff I have, but the adapters turned out to be useless. The female USB micro port on the phone is recessed in the housing such that the male USB micro fits only if it will fit inside this very, very small housing. The adapters I bought, though small, were too big to allow the male plug to be inserted deep enough into the female to make a connection (or even stay in place - they fall right out). I'm thinking I'm going to have to get genuine Samsung cables from somewhere but haven't finished looking around yet.The power adapter, which has the proper size USB micro male on it, is a European plug design and it comes with a plug adapter, presumably so it can be used in the US. While you can indeed plug it into a 110/120V outlet in the US with the adapter, it has absolutely no effect on the phone. It doesn't charge at all. I'm guessing it expects more voltage, but whatever. The cable is built into the transformer and so is useless as a spare data or charging cable. Also, apparently not all charging cables will transfer data as well as charge. Be careful when looking at charging cables or kits to make sure you get one that can both charge the device *and* transfer data between the phone and your computer. If it just says it's for charging, it is probably not for both purposes.That means that this package contains one and only one usable cable for charging and data sync, via a standard USB connection on the PC side of things and a micro USB male on the phone side. You will probably want to plan to buy a spare or two but I don't have a recommendation on that yet because the USB micro female port on the phone won't accept just any USB micro male. It has to be in a really, really small housing.I couldn't use the camera app or install the Amazon App Store (or several other items) until I put a 32GB micro SD card in the phone (all 32GB were recognized). Get an SD card installed before you start trying to install much of anything; it solves a number of problems.The Android Market and the Amazon App store initially reported that several apps were not compatible with my device. I downloaded and installed Samsung Kies on my Win 7 Home Premium 64 bit machine with no problems. Then closed it down and started it again and it asked if I wanted to update it and I said yes. So it updated, and then asked if I wanted to upgrade the firmware in my phone. I said yes. After I did this (by this point I had already installed the SD card), app installations have been smooth as silk, even the often aggravating Words With Friends which seems to decide that any device you have is incompatible about every other week.I recommend you look for "App2SD" or a similar application that allows you to move (or which automatically moves) applications to your SD card instead of letting them hog space in the limited onboard phone memory. Some apps must live in the phone but others can live on the SD card.I had trouble with the Bluetooth phone application in my car (a late model Hyundai) and found that others have too. I paired the phone with the car successfully and could make and receive hands-free calls through the system with no trouble. I could not get my phonebook/contact list to download from the phone into my car, though. After much aggravation and searching, I found a post on a board that suggested a free Android app called Bluetooth File Transfer. Download and install that app; start it; hit Menu; hit More; hit Send Contacts; Select All (or whatever you want); hit Send As Single. The app blasted my contact/phonebook list out into the ether where the car saw them floating around (the car was configured to auto-download) and sucked them all in. Et voila! Yes, I do have to remember to refresh the car's copy from time to time but I can live with that.The screen scratches pretty easily; you may want to consider a protector.And oh yes, I bought a 1500mAh battery because of so many people saying the battery life was lousy. At least for now, my battery life with the originally supplied battery is excellent IMHO with Bluetooth and WiFi on 24/7. But you always need a spare battery lying in a drawer somewhere.This sounds almost like a list of complaints but I don't mean it to be. I like this phone and would recommend it highly. All I need now are a few cheap cables and a few accessories, which I always seem to need when I get something like this. It has taken about a week of on-again, off-again diddling to get it largely where I want it, but that's not unreasonable for a new tech toy. If you are new to Android expect it to take a bit longer, but that's not the phone's fault - it's just how it is. I hope some of these comments are useful if you are considering or have bought this phone.
Ya,ya, took me a while... got this because I wanted something small, and it had the word Mini in it. Well, turns out it's the size of phones from a few years ago and everything else has just gotten bigger, so I probably should have went the 2nd hand route instead. But what's done is done. It works.
Bought this for my sis. She's had it for over six months now. There was a period where it has some glitches - the screen stopped working and she was unable to answer calls (lasted for about a week). But it seemed to work itself out because it's normal again. Pretty good for the money I suppose.
This is the best phone I've had so far. I can use skype,youtube, netflix and almost all the app that I prefer. I love the size, not too big or too small, Perfect size.
Love the size. Love the features. Best thing to replace my blackberry. really good photos. Also it is Very simple to use.
This is a low budget phone that provides a high quality functionality. It has a very good material, the speakers sound GREAT, much better and loud than the ones from the Nexus!
Its has Android OS, very compact and perfect phone for ladies. Touch sensitive is very good.The sound clarity is amazing.
Beware! This phone has only 160 MB of internal memory, a big part of which is already taken by system apps, and fills up really quickly if you install a few more apps. Most apps do not install on the SD card. Even if they do, you still need some phone memory available to download and update the apps. I had to use Link2SD and other tricks to get around this problem. Also, do not expect all apps to work smoothly, or work at all. The phone does not support 4G data. But, still for the price, it's a good phone. If you need a small smartphone with simple useful apps, GPS (google maps), email, web, facebook, simple games (even angry birds) this phone does the job. It supports 3G and LTE data speed.
This phone has been used overseas & works exactly as advertised!. Not always can you trust the comments on the web.
There is a problem with the type of adaptor they use. It has two prones that does not fit well when you have to charge the phone. You have to keep moving around to get the charge started. I hate the land charger, but like the phone.
I have bought three more smartphones similar to this one. Compared to the price it delivers many things and it very reliable.
It's just what i was looking forI know is not maybe the best cellphonebut it has all I need.!!
Samsung is the best when it comes to smartphones and taking pictures, very user friendly and an excellent phone someone who isn't looking to spend a lot of money, great bargain
I bought two cell phones, one is OK. The other one after a week time I had to reset the software as it did not function any more. Otherwise all the rest is fine.
This phone is affordable, sleek and fun. With access to just about anything, you won't feel out of touch at all.
This is my daugther's first cell phone and she likes it. It cannot be compared with other cell phones, but it's the better in its category.
I love it because it was good and still working, specially the battery. have been use for more than 2 years and stil keep more than 40 hours the battery only in phone use. some time use internet that is good too. recomen this to everyone.
Easy to use, compact and has many functions. Very user friendly and the camera is not bad. I will recommend buying a memory card as it only comes with 2gb. My co-workers want to buy one too
EXELENT, muy bueno el producto. todo en perfecto estado con todos sus accesorios y funciona perfecto en venezuela. gracias .
saludos ya me fue entregada como lo ofrecido . este Unlocked Samsung S5570 Galaxy Mini Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, 3G, Android... es exelente
Easy to use. affordable and will be able to use it overseas. Small enough to keep in my pocket.I will recommend to others.
Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI both this phone for a friend e he joys the phone. Great product
This is a small, But reasonable smart phone. Conversation via this phone is of good quality. The speaker and display can be improved, But for the money paid, It is well. The processor is rather slow. All for all I like it. I wish it would have officially been introduced to US Market.
I like this phone and how it has different ring tone for the contacts. I wish it had different message ring tone too.
It was very useful for all tasks that I need performed on it, nice little addition is, for all the tasks required to've worked well
It was very useful for all tasks that I need performed on it, nice little addition is, for all the tasks required to've worked well
The phone was great and it came new and all included accessories. The down part was that it came from a mobile company in Italy and the software was skinned with that mobile company logos and icons, had to make a restore and install a stock version of android to get rid of the one it came.
This is a great phone! Great size and color. I love the touchscreen! It has a decent camera, not fantastic, but ok :)I am very satisfied with my purchase!
I loved my phone, too bad I lost it. It was the right size fitted all the apps and they ran perfectly. It did start having trouble with signal but I don't know if it was the phone or the company I had the contract with. The one i bought had the ear buds and the charger and USB cable.
Worked well with the SIM that I used. Seems to be reliable and compatible with most Android apps. The Bluetooth did not consistently connect with my car's Bluetooth speakerphone system. For the price, definitely worth considering.
I bought this phone. It works with my AT&T service. IT WILL NOT WORK WITH VERIZON!I have not used all of the features yet. This is my first smart phone and I am happy with it so far. I am getting good performance out of the battery. If you don't have the display on constantly it will last through a day of normal use easily. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because it is my first smart phone and I have no basis for comparison.
Searched days for a replacement and the further I dug and learned how to replace my broken cell phone with an unlocked GSM phone, the more I was uncertain. Finally, I chose to go with the S5570 based on its excellent reviews and the seller's decent history on Amazon.The phone arrived two days after the purchase. The description did not state if new or not, but if it was used, there was no possible way I could tell. Everything came packaged in the original box with usb cable, charger (220V w/ adaptor for US), ear phones, and micro SD card and adaptor, plus the phone itself. Instructions were in Italian I believe, but the first prompt on the phone was to select you preferred language.I was doubtful the setup was going to be as easy as slipping my existing SIM from T-mobile into the new phone, and thankfully it was. Setup up my Wi-Fi, used the Bluetooth feature to transfer all my previous contacts and pics, setup my yahoo email and it was even yahoo.co.jp (Yahoo Japan), plus played with the settings all within an hour or two.The resolution is what you would expect for $140, but I can't complain. Just be sure you have a data plan with your carrier because once you access your email over the network, not Wi-Fi, you will be charged. So far, so great!
love this phone! very good for android beginner user like me. item is in good condition and works very well! it's british product. and i like the fact that this phone doesn't has emblem like at&t, verizon or other carrier like some other unlocked phones that i see and that my friend bought. only samsung brand on the phone. love it! the only flaw is the adapter for US plug isn't working. so, i must use my own adapter. next time please check the adapter first. other than that everything is great including the headset.
excelente producto, la mercancia llego a tiempo y en buenas condiciones, totalmente recomendados, gracias por la venta los tendre encuenta para futuras compras
este celular es buenisimo, lo recomiendo param el que quiera iniciarse en android, ya que posee suficiente potencia para enseñarte de lo que es capaz aunque se queda corto en otras, sobre todo en no poseer navegacion con flash, de resto es super completo, buena pantalla, tienes wifi,gps,bluetooh y sobre todo que a pesar de ser barato mueve juegos 3d que otros cel de su precio no lo haran.this phone is great, param recommend that want to start on android, since it has enough power to show what is capable but falls short in others, especially not having navigation using Flash, complete rest is super, good screen, you have wifi, gps, bluetooth and all that despite being cheaper than other moving 3d cel its price will not.
A friend owns the same phone and I was able to test it out before purchasing one. As other reviewers have brought out, the battery life is quite bad. Be prepared to charge your phone every night if you run a lot of apps. I'll be looking into getting a new battery with higher capacity. The Qwerty keyboard while texting can be a tad small, easily fixed by turning the phone on the vertical, buttons are slightly larger then. The other 'complaint' about this was that it came without an ear-piece, easily rectified by getting one cheap online. As for it being truly unlocked, I haven't been able to test that function out yet. We travel frequently to Asia and I hope it works there. All in all, I am very pleased with my purchase, esp for the price paid.Update 10/14/11: Wanted to note too, the adapter that is provided for N. America customers is totally worthless as the charger comes with the 3 rectangular prongs. The adapter provided will not fit, so be prepared to buy your own adapter. Apart from that, the phone works just fine.
I got it on time, and I love it. It is very small, light, and easy to use. I can carry in my pocket, it is fast, and also got really good colors. I like it very much, handy phone.
This unlocked phone is as described and it is in high quality, also the price is very reasonable for that phone.
Excellent smartphone comparing price vs all you can do with it.maybe the only bad thing is it is not a 3.5g phone--Excelente telefono coparando el precio vs todo lo que puedes hacer con el.lo único malo es que es solo 3g y no 3.5g
the product is good, but not yet sent the headsetel producto me gusto mucho, lo recomiendo a que lo compren
The only disadvantage is that it did not include the headset and the battery runs out fast when playing, and the screen not being standard some applications do not look good on a screen smaller than average.
Nice phone, good size and weight. The touchscreen is very sensitive, and I can use the phone for more than two days without charging the battery. Only the camera is awful.
I choose this Samsung phone based on another model I bought about a year ago and because this one has the Android OS. I found the phone to be what I expected. It is easy to use, works fine with my carrier and I can download apps from Google Android Market. Samsung rates this model as an entry level smartphone.I want to develop some simple Android apps and use them in my phone. I already did some tests and it works.The only reason I am not giving five stars is because the phone came with six apps from a developer in Portugal that I don't want but can't remove from the phone.I would recommend this phone to those who want a small device with a little intelligence and not so difficult to understand and use.
I bought the phone because of international travels. Also I do not want to get locked in one of those exorbitant service plans. I got this phone and bought an ATT gophone sim card and it works very well. It's a very attractive phone and the android software has some great functions. The only complaint I have is that the user guide came in Italian. I searched online and was able to download a manual for the UK market. The phone itself is brand new and set in English. Overall, I'm very happy with the purchase.
I need to know if there is any problem with this article, because you are slow to send, please let me know on my mail, tzuriel@hotmail.com
This is my first smart phone and I really like it. I was looking for something portable, with good features and I found it. Android rocks!
Very good phone, excelent cost-effectiveCome with an adapter plug =)All according adsShipped and delivered fastNo questions and complainsThe cover fit very well in the phoneRecommend the purchase for those interested
This phnoe works perfect has all i need the software for sync has to be downlad from samnsung website...it update the firmware of android automaticly, has access to android and samsung app right away. Easy to configure the emails accounts.. Phas quickoffice,, palow you to open and modify excell word and power point documents... The microsd card can be upgraded up to 32 Gb ..thats a lot... Has radio...its fast.. For the price is pritty nice deal! I really recomend it iIts unlocked so it works pperfect with any service provider i am ussing the phone in panama and works pretty good with 3G
its so great, im so happy, its 100% amazing, u have to buy it. the dising and adroid its the best. Come with all accesories. so happy
Decent smartphone. Touch screen responsive. Wifi fast. Gps with google map with installed text to speech working outstanding. Setup really easy. The phone came in English, but the keyboard was in Russian -- easy fix. There are still some Russian apps downloaded, do not care. The keyboard is a little difficult to use -- For the price, features very good deal. The Samsung 5830 probably will be better, but I am happy with this phone's feature and especially price.
this is a good, but small, smartphone. Android is a very nice operating system. This phone is very friendly for a beginer like me.
This is an amazing piece of technology. It's small, but very powerful. Nothing to envy to other smart phones.The box comes with:- A battery- A charger (with an American A/C power adaptator)- USB data cable- 2GB MicroSD memory- A manual (in Italian, but you can easily download the english version fron sansumg page. Google it!)Although the phone's description states that the installed android OS is the "Froyo" version, in my case the one installed is "Gingerbread", which improves the phone performance. Great!The touch screen is fantastic. Even if this is your first touch screen phone, surely you will feel comfortable with it in less than an hour of use.The comments about the battery life, I'm afraid, they are all true. It sucks! (For that reason, I give 4 stars to this item). With heavy use (i.e. Playing music, WIFI on, surfing the web, installing apps, etc), you have to plug the phone in 12 hours. However, with non-heavy use, and turning off the WIFI when you aren't using it, the battery life can reach between 24 and 36 hours of continuous use.Finally, the phone is truly unlocked. You can use it outside USA without problems.I hope this helps.
I <3 this mini phone because its so cute!This phone is the 3rd best phone i've ever have.My house phone is rank number 1my Nokia lumia 900 is rank 2Now this is my 3rd favorite phone.Thank you delivering on time and product was in great condition.I will probally buy another one as a xmas gift...
I purchased one of these phones in December 2011. It Arrived on time and from the moment I put the sim card in the phone it worked flawlessly. Since I purchased 3 more and they all do the job well. The battery in our minis last about 2 days even with a good amount of talking on the phone. When I use the WiFi and run some applications it may cut it down to a day, but even with a semi low battery status I can go to bed and be confident that the alarm in the phone will wake me up. While in my previous phone if the battery was below 40% the phone would die some time in the middle of the night. Over all this is a good buy and I would recommend it to any one looking for a smart phone. Also the phone is small enough to fit in my pocket.
It is really the best value for your money. There are better phones but none of them had any feature that would make me pay more to get. The only thing I'm not 100% satisfied is the camera (3mp and no flash).The size of this phone is perfect: not too small, not too large. The speed is very decent and the sound is good too.The screen resolution is good and the touchscreen is very responsive.Android is simply the best mobile operating system. Altough it came with Android 2.2 (Froyo), I flashed it using Odin and now it has Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) and now my phone is faster and the battery lasts much more than before. You can personalize it the way you want and install any app in the Android Market (Google Play).
I have a Verizon Samsung Droid CDMA cellphone, which is now my major phone line I use while home in the USA. I do, however, spend a couple of months a year in France, and while there have a GSM Simcard from the French cell provider SFR, which I have had for several years and which I got from callineurope.com. In addition, I have a T-Mobile prepaid SimCard, which I've used in an old candybar style "stupidphone," which costs me around $90 with online discounts to recharge with 1000 prepaid USA minutes, usable within a year. I have not decided long term what I will do with this T-Mobile service, however inertia is a huge force and for the moment I'm keeping it, and will decide in a few months if I want to "invest" another ~$90 to keep the line active for another year. One plus about the annual $100 ($90 with online coupons available sporadically) T-Mobile prepaid recharge, is that as long as you recharge before the expiration period of the last year, you get to keep your unused minutes/cash balance and roll it into the new year along with the new $100/1000 minutes you just recharged with. For an occasional cellphone voice user, this does offer a lot of bang for the buck, especially for emergency or other occasional type usage. You can change your T-Mobile plan over the internet in 1 minute by logging into mytmobile.com which allows you to change from $0.10/minute to a daily rate of $2 (only on days you actually use it) with unlimited talk and unlimited "2G/2.5G" Edge level data service. So, if you were going to use this phone for T-Mobile voice and data on a sporadic basis, say 50 days per year while on the road, leaving it turned off the rest of the time, that would be a hard deal to beat, e.g. yearly unlimited voice and data for <$100/year if you don't need the service all the time. And you can change back to the $0.10/minute voice and text only plan when you want to on the T-mobile website.Having become somewhat addicted to the functionality of my Verizon Samsung Droid Charge cell, I decided to replace the old GSM stupidphone I've been using with this small inexpensive Samsung GSM S5570 smartphone. I figured that at the least I could use web browsing and other features that require a network on WiFi networks as I encounter them, which would at least give me an updated Google contact list plus my appointments calendar. As far as using this phone on data networks, there are a couple of caveats I have discovered and which I detail below.I am not going to comment on the limitations of this phone that have already been discussed ad nauseum in online reviews, such as the small, low-resolution touch screen, battery life, etc. At $140 unlocked as I type this, you are not going to get the features of a high end cellphone for this price. For the record, my phone came from the Amazon seller "Global Mobiles," apparently a German company whose orders are fulfilled by Amazon. It came with all advertised accessories including the charger (European plug but with USA adapter), a fresh and recently manufactured battery, manuals in German, and a near useless 2gb micro SD card. The phone was set up to function in English when I got it, and showed zero evidence of ever having been opened or touched by human hands after it was manufactured.Limitations on data network usage that I have discovered so far include:(1) Only up to "3G speeds," not "4G" -- There is considerable confusion as regards what is 3G, what is 4G, and how they compare. The executive summary is that although there are going to be differences in speed within an individual carrier's offerings of 3G vs. 4G, you cannot compare among the various carriers because the carriers define "4G" and "3G" differently and they also use different transmission bands and technologies. There are going to be carriers who have faster "4G" offerings that cannot be effectively utilized with this phone that claims "3G" service but not "4G" service. Research your own carrier and what level of service you expect to get from it, before buying this phone. That could probably be said of most any cellphone out there.(2) US T-Mobile has what they call "4G" service and "3G" service, which use bands that this phone DOES NOT HAVE. You will be able to use this phone with T-Mobile "EDGE" service, which is variously labeled as "2G" by some and elevated to "2.5G" by some others, which is to say it has the potential to be faster than your typical, dial-up slow 2G service, however it will still seem very slow compared to a good home broadband connection or to any decent 3G or 4G service. From some web research that I did after buying this phone, it is obvious that there are only a limited number of GSM cellphones out there that can utilize T-Mobile's fastest data network(s); most of these phones are going to be sold directly by T-Mobile, and few will be available as unlocked phones sold on Amazon or that well known online auction site. Your best option if you want fast, T-Mobile USA data service would be to get your phone directly from T-Mobile and then perhaps find a way to unlock it if you want to then use it on another network as well.For use in Europe, this phone should provide reasonably fast, "3G" level data services, however the cost of such data service is very high if you don't have the sort of year round data plan that most travelers will not have. As such, if you have a pay as you go or prepaid plan from a European carrier or reseller from a carrier, you will probably elect to use available WiFi networks for most of your data use on this phone, with perhaps email usage through the carrier's data service. For that purpose, the phone should work well and offer a lot more functionality than an old style "stupidphone."For my own uses, basically as a travel voice cellphone with some smartphone features, most of which I will access through hotel and other free hotspot WiFi networks, with occasional cell carrier data usage for email, this phone is a good choice at an attractive price. I would not want to use this phone as my everyday smartphone, but for periodic or vacation use outside of my usual carrier's network, it is certainly a more enjoyable phone to use than an old style stupidphone.
It is an excellent product, good value for money, is for my dad 80 years and liked it.Es un excelente producto, Buena relación precio calidad, es para mi papa de 80 años y le gustó.
the phone is very good I use it with Digitel in Venezuela and browse 3G fine, the GPS is fantastic, do not give the 5 stars because it did not bring hands-free and the content of the box includes it.
I really like the phone. Have not figured out GPS yet. I ordered new charger from another company, both car and reg. they work.I am overall very pleased with the unlocked phone. Hope it works as well when we travel,over seas!LLKNIGHT
the delivery was incredible fast. I payed for expedite delivery and by the time I was about to call them to make sure you got everything right, the cell phone was already here.I havent had the time to use much yet, but what I ve seen is nice. Is a compact phone with a SIM card, with different bandwidths that allows you to take it to different countries and use local providers (no need for expensive roaming). Is got also WI FI, and in a compact size they added a cool feature, FM radio. So far it looks fantastic, hopefully last long too.
Good choice lovely phone the only bad thing this phone has is that the batteries doesnt last too much time.
this product has turned out very good, excellent mind, and my son is delighted with it, is what I expected thanks.
Contenta porque llego a tiempo,el material es muy flexible y facil de manipular,aunque ubiese preferido que fuera mas resistente porque lo veo muy fragil.
sending the phone was fast, it's a great product I highly recommend it. is small, comfortable and the navigation system on the Internet is very fast.
great price many chooses great price would get it from you again liked it would tell others only phone i like
The phone itself is in good condition, but when I tried to use the Bluetooth transfer option to move the contacts from the old phone to the new phone it would reboot during the process. Backup assistant would not work , so I don't know if this phone specially has software issues or what but the contacts then has to be transferred over .
I PURCHASED THE PHONE FOR MY BOYFRIEND. HE LIKES THE PHONE HE JUST WISHES THE BATTERY STAYED CHARGED LONGER. HE HAS TO CHARGE IT EVERYDAY OR ELSE IT GOES DEAD.
Good used phone. Came in mail very quickly. In good shape except charger hole was missing cover. Charger included. kool.
The most durable, compact phone with a full keyboard. Great for folks who like to keep the phone in their pocket or purse, because flip-phone style prevents accidental button pushes and butt-dialing. Small size makes it easy on the pocket. Full keyboard makes it easy to text. Regular phone keyboard in portrait mode makes it easy to use as a regular phone.Only complaint is on greedy Verizon Wireless for charging a smartphone plan even if you just want to use it as a basic flip-phone with great texting keyboard.
well the phone ws used and it was in very good contditionsyeah, love it u guys should buy it
Very pleased with my new phone! Verizon lost out. I did however have to go to the verizon store to have them copy my "contacts".
WE HAVE 3 OF THESE PHONES AND WE NEEDED A REPLACEMENT. WE COULDNT GET IT AT THE VERIZON STORE. AMAZON HAD IT, WE GOT IT IN 3 DAYS I CALLED VERIZON WITH THE SN# PUT THE BATTERY IN AND IT WORKED. IT WORKS ON OUR EXISTING PLAN NO EXTRA FEES. IT'S NOT A SMART PHONE BUT ITS GOOD FOR CALLING AND TEXTING GOOD QWERTY KYBD IT FITS IN YOUR POCKET AND IT'S DURABLE.
This is the phone I was looking for. The flip phone slides into my purse, fits my hand and nails, and has the time on the outside. It fits to my face, like a phone should. The keyboard has three different screens; letters, numbers, and punctuation, which are easy to toggle between. Internet access if available, but slow. As far as I can tell, the calendar feature does not sync with outlook. But not a problem, that's why I have a tablet. This phone is for communicating, not surfing the web.
The Samsung Alias 2 U750 Verizon Wireless is great for those in need of a rugged “smart phone”. I buy them for my employees who work in places where a fragile phone is easily damaged. One of the best features is the phone’s side flip feature for quick texting. I suggest buying protectors for both outer and inner phone faces also available at Amazon.
I love cell phones that are just phones - smart phones are just not for me. ...This is the best cell phone I've owned, so when my original dropped and broke after 5 years of hard use, I looked to find a used one on Amazon. I found this. It was promised and delivered as NIB. I would deal with this company again in a minute. If you just want a cell phone that is a cell phone, I highly recommend the Samsung Alias 2 U750 purchased from this organization.
This is a great phone. It put the mic's where they are needed to hear and be heard clearly. VERY rugged and the keyboard for texting is quick and easy to use. Camera is OK. Can't say enough good things about it!
I had one of these until upgrading to a new touch screen phone. I was sorry I upgraded, and ordered this refurbished model of my old phone. I love it... no more butt calls, mis-touched screens, and other errant functions like on the new phone. This one even came with the extended life battery. I'm really happy with it even though it's not cutting edge technology.
I wanted a messaging phone with just a little flash and the Alias 2 delivered. Every single key is actually an e-ink display so when the phone is flipped open clamshell-style they're ordered and labelled for use primarily as a phone but when you flip it open sideways they're oriented properly and filled primarily with letters and other keys for messaging. Other reviews are right when they say it'll take you a little bit of time to get used to the phone. Although the key labels change, the layout does not, so sometimes a key seems like it would be more convenient in a slightly different place. The truth is, it would be, but that's the only place to put it when the phone is opened in that orientation. You'll occasionally find minor frustration with the fact that if you read a text with the phone opened clamshell-style that it'll close the message and make you re-open it when you shut it and open the door sideways to respond more easily. These really are minor issues, however, that did not diminish my enjoyment of this phone. Clearly a lot of thought and effort was put into this redesign of the Alias, and though you might worry about the strength and durability of the hinge, I had no problems with our two despite heavy use and having purchased them used with visible wear.Other reviewers are dead-on about the fact that you very much want to buy the extended battery and door. While it makes the phones slightly more bulky, it also allows you to talk and text extensively and still only need a charge about every 5-6 days.http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Alias-Extended-Battery-SCH-U750/dp/B002SL1TSQ/ref=pd_sim_cps_1?ie=UTF8&refRID=0BJ7255RF1F1A1118W65
This my 3 phone, I break my phones at work. I will keep buying as long as there is one to buy !
Almost perfect condition and works great! I just need to restore it and it will be good to go. Thank you so much!
This phone was a very great phone. Always worked and seved the purpose it was intended. The phone was lost after buying 2 and did not replace.
This was the last phone I was able to find in Amazon and I was delighted beyond belief! The price was amazing as Verizon wasn't even selling this phone anylonger and I'm sure if they were it would be a rediculous amount of money. It was delivered on time and it has been working well for as long as I have had it! I hope it never breaks! Thank you sooo much!
It did serve the purpose
Still using it!
great phone,replaced the same model that I purchesed about 9 years ago
great thank you
love this!
Daughters favorite phone. Good price and phone works great.
Love the phone the price is great and the movment is great as well
love my fone it works great it had a little wear on the outside but that is to be expected it is used the screen was in good shape i love this fone i got this one one to replace the one i had like it that one laasted me a long time quite a few years and for the price i paid for this one one under $35 if it lasts me a yr or two or more it will b well worth it thank you so much it also came in 2 days awesome great thanks
a+
great. everything it said it was. very happy with the service.
great basic phone
One of my favorite flip phones
I like the phone, it arrived on time and works great.
received in short amount of time and quality was great thanks
My husband loves this phone. He was very happy to find this phone still available because he didn't want to learn a new one. Customer service was very helpful with the set up.
wish has a charger with it for the price
I owned an Alias before switching to a smart phone and then back to a LG Cosmos 2. Hugest mistakes of my life. The Alias 2 albeit not perfect, is proof that basic phones could be amazing and not just overpriced pieces of trash that you see in today's market. The phone is durable and the clam to side ways flip makes texting a breeze. Battery does well on its own, but for the price of the extended you can get four days of juice for about 6$ more. The texting can be a bit odd sometimes (I do miss just being able to type and auto starting a reply), but it isn't enough to hinder the experience of this phone. It also shoots video and decent pictures which is rare for even modern basic phones.Truth is, even for 100$ or if you can find a decent price/quality used, it is every bit worth it if you don't want to go smart phone :)
the phone arrived ontimeit was in great conditionmy daughter loves itshe had hers just like this since it firstcame out.after dropping her phone she was devastatedwe were going to get a new phonebut all she wanted was one like she hadthis was it thank you
The phone is a little smaller than expected which is a good thing! The E-ink technology is very cool as well! Bought this phone because my Brightside began to malfunction and this phone is not a smartphone which fit my contract.Pros: Long battery life, Looks Good, E-inkCons: None so far
got this phone for a buddy who sucks at texting the way it flips both ways is great and he loves it aloso loves the deer cover i got to go with it said he will keep this till it dies on him
Didn't want to get locked into a two year contact or ge forced to buy a 3 or 4 G phone from Verizon, so I searched the web and found this one. I would like to buy another, it is a heavy duty and great phone with all the functions that I need and the conditions was perfect as the seller said it was.
I recently decided to cancel my data plan from Verizon to save a few dollars on our bills. I had owned the original Samsung Alias which I really liked so I decided to give this one a try. Wow! It does everything I need and more. I had forgotten how awesome it was to be able to go multiple days without a charge. Also, this phone gets reception in places that my smartphone does not.
He loves his "NEW" phone ! At 11 not willing to spend lots of cash on a new phone and this one fits all the needs of an 11 year old . Great deal and a good phone !
The device came in on time and works perfectly. This phone is perfect for an elderly person, it has a charging stand and is easy to operate.
It's been 3 months since this was purchased. No problems so far, works as you would expect. Product as advertised.
love my phone, thank you for all your help
I bought this phone when it first came out. I still have it and I'm still on the original battery. I bought a second phone to use when this one quits. The worst thing Samsung ever did was to quit making this sort of phone. It is a flip phone but, it pivots in the corner so that texting is easier with a QWERTY keyboard. I have no love of "smart phones". I have no desire to surf the Internet on my phone. My phone is a phone and it texts. If I want to go to the Internet, that's what my PC & Laptop are for. Phones are for phone calls and texting if you can't hear. The camera takes good pictures. I'll hang onto this one and the other one until I can't find another one.
good
Works great. Just waiting for my upgrade so I can get another smartphone.
Very good phone.
Replacing an existing phone! Wonderful
The phone is great however I never got the charger.
son had this 4 years now- will not die
Love the fact that there aren't any buttons on the front so it won't go off in my pocket. Keyboard is very nice size.
I love this cell phone. I dont do anything on the internet but I do alot of texting to my kids. It is perfect for that. It was hard trying to find this phone. I had one before this one and it started to shut off by itself and verizon does not offer this phone anymore, but found a NEW one on Amazon. Got it within a weeks time and it was a new one. I am very happy with my new phone.
I love this phone because of it's great battery life, qwery keyboard and it's durability. Most flip phones end up breaking after extended use. I had the Alias 1 before this phone. I loved it so much that I moved up to this one..... I would recommend it to a friend!!
If you are looking for an old fashioned ! Phone not an iPhone this I'd great. I wanted a key lard for texting but didn't want an open phone as they tend to dial mistakenly when in a pocket or purse. This is a great compromise a flip phone and a keyboard in quite a compact style. My favorite phone of the flip variety that I have ever owned and the battery life is good too.
Phone display is a little busy so it makes it somewhat confusing. Otherwise, this is a good phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't like the smart phones. Samsung makes a good product.
I really like this phone and it did everything I needed at the time I had it. I replaced it with an iphone. I do still have it and would use it as a backup if need be. I like that it can be a flip phone and also very text friendly.
I love this phone. They work great and still take a beating. I wish they still made them like this instead of pushing "smart phones" onto everybody.
This phone is great. I have dropped it a lot and it keeps on working. It has everything I need and it has a qwerty keyboard for texting. The best thing about it is that I do not have to get a data plan to use this phone on my verizon plan.
These are great phones, I bought them eventually for all of my kids. No problems with any of them except the one my daughter dropped in the toilet. No problems getting them set up with Verizon. Nice for texting and talkiing. Good size, easy to see display.
I ordered this for my son for Christmas. When I received it, it was a little dirty with make-up. I took a clorex wipe and it cleaned it like new. I am sure I could have given it to him just like I received it and he would have never noticed the make-up but being a woman we notice those kind of things. I would recommend this seller! great job and I also received it promptly!
The phone is great. Had a hiccup while activating. If while activating the phone won't take incoming calls but will call out and text in & out check the NAM Settings. Make sure Auto NAM is enabled from the Phone Settings under Tools. Other than that the phone is in amazing condition and looks brand new. I can't find a scratch! I ordered the phone the afternoon of 12/24 and it was delivered 12/26 on standard delivery. I highly recommend both the phone and the seller!
Great Price and fast delivery. Product was in excellent condition and was the exact phone I needed to replace. This was the only place that had the phone my husband has been using for the last 4 years. No one else had the phone.
Well designed and does what I want it to every time. I have had it for a long while and am still happy with it With this style, I never "butt call" anyone. This phone opens in either of 2 ways - long to talk & call & WIDE for the querky key pad which can switch to numbers and to signs. Easy to use for texting. Everything I want in a phone. I do have other full size devices for all those other "smart phone" features. I don't have to pay for "smart phone" date or connectivity so I have a reasonable phone rate. I got the alternative extra capacity battery & battery cover for times recharging would be inconvenient. Great phone. Works perfectly. Has everything I need in a phone. I use the alarm, notes and calendar always, and some of the other features occasionally. No GPS. No Google Map. I have other devices for Internet and data. Very durable - good design. Added benefit - No one wants to steal it!
I purchased this phone for a friend who saw mine and almost took it from me. I know it is obsolete, but it still works perfect!!!!! We both love it. I especially love the mobility of using the phone and/or keypad. I love it so much until I turned down a touchscreen last Christmas. My friend is also 100% satisfied.
I love the style of this basic phone. It flips portrait for phone use and flips landscape for ease of texting. Does not need a "data" plan to operate. I wish they continued to make this phone.
I love my Samsung Alias 2 cell phone. However, I did not purchase it from Amazon.com That order was cancelled by me, due problems with the vendor, and I ordered it from another vendor.I got it cheaper, and with more accessories. Roy
I felt fortunate to find another Alias after mine fell into the lake when my kayak flipped. It was advertised as refurbished, not in original box, which was fine with me. My new Alias continues to be a great phone.
Great phone
I purchased this phone, new, for a friend to replace her current phone (same model) that she loves so much but is falling apart. I like how serious the vendor is regarding customer satisfaction. It arrived timely, she' s happy, so mission accomplished!
I placed my order on a Tuesday and rec'd my confirmation from Amazon and to expect the phone the following week on a Thursday. Two days after placing my order the phone arrived in my mail box. I was pleasently surprised and excited about that. I was also very excited to have found this phone, that my phone service, Verizon doesn't offer any more. This company not only had the phone I was looking for, but a "BRAND NEW ONE". Yea! I am very happy with what I rec'd and everything, that was offered was received. I highly recommend them and give them FIVE STARS. If I could I would give you TEN STARS. Thx.
great phone
awesome just what I wanted
Great phone if you don't want to pay for wifi . I wish they still made this phone.
I bought this phone for my son, who happens to be the only 10 year old left on the face of this planet without a smart phone! As the worst mother in the world, I took it upon myself to find a level of compromise that he would be content with. If you can't buy the cell phone you love, love the one you're with.Well, after searching Verizon's "basic phone" site and realizing the selection is horrendously small with little to no variation between models, he brought up the phone I had before the age of Smart Phones. The Samsung Alias was King of the mobile market before Droids and iPhones destroyed any chance at getting anyone under 25 to ever show you their eyeballs again in conversation.The phone is great. It's just as reliable as it was when I had one (which I now wish I would have saved considering I paid less at the time of upgrade then I did collecting this relic). My son is happy, which means he will actually keep his means of emergency communication ON him, which I can't stress enough since we are no longer in the days of pay phones and very few people look up from their smart phone long enough to notice someone is in trouble. Even if they did look up and witness anything, I doubt they even remember that their is a call feature on their self-facing camera/facebook device.SO, for the sake of saving my son's generation I got him a basic phone. I am hoping that this encourages him to TALK to the empty vessel in front of him even if they are looking into a vast, endless electronic catacomb.The seller is great. I got a personal thank you from them via e-mail. (I'm willing to bet this was done from a smart phone). They ensured my satisfaction throughout the process and answered all questions in a timely manner. I would definitely do business with them again. Especially if they continue to sell memories of a simpler advanced time.
The Samsung Alias 2 U750 Verizon Wireless is great for those in need of a rugged “smart phone”. I buy them for my employees who work in places where a fragile phone is easily damaged. One of the best features is the phone’s side flip feature for quick texting. I suggest buying protectors for both outer and inner phone faces also available at Amazon.
Very happy!
Great phone
Got it for my husbands mother for a b-day gift. She needed a phone she could text easily on, but not a smart phone. This fit the bill nicely. Thanks!
Great product and fast shipping.
Awesome!!! Better than I even expected. Thank you for a great transaction!
this is it... this is truly one of my favorite old school flip phones that is still out to date... great for texting, pics look pretty good considering small camera, sound is great, love the full querty keypad, multidimensional... its awesome, shipped out quickly and delivered on time... love it! did have flaws that i did not notice in pics but over alll nice... great seller, thanks amaZon!
I am one of those rare people who do not want to get a smart phone. I do not want to be connected to the internet at all times.I was looking for a flip phone because I like having the hearing part near my ear and the speaking part near my mouth, but I wanted something that can actually text with more ease than the usual flip phones. I went to Verizon, and they told me that unfortunately it no longer comes as a new phone, but I could order this model through amazon.I found it used but in good condition, and I love it!
love my fone it works great it had a little wear on the outside but that is to be expected it is used the screen was in good shape i love this fone i got this one one to replace the one i had like it that one laasted me a long time quite a few years and for the price i paid for this one one under $35 if it lasts me a yr or two or more it will b well worth it thank you so much it also came in 2 days awesome great thanks
MY SISTER HAS THE SAMSUNG ZEAL AND LOVES IT, SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT SHE WAS GOING TO DO IF IT EVER BROKE, SO I GOT HER THIS FOR CHRISTMAS, IT IS A SAMSUNG ALIAS II BUT ITS THE SAME AS THE ZEAL, JUST PUT AWAY SO WHEN HERS BITES TEH DUST, SHE HAS ONE IN RESERVE. BUT SHE LOVES IT
Lots of great features, and even though it flips 2 ways, it is durable.Young teens tend to be a little tough on phones. At least in our experience.Our Daughter is thrilled!
Its just type of phone we needed not a smart phone . It arrived in time for Christmas and was securley wrapped.
I got this phone to replace a smart phone. The dual flip function is nice for texting or emailing but can take some getting used to. For a week after i got the phone i ended up flipping open the wrong side often. The phone does not call from inside your pocket like my other phone did. The only negative thing is that in order to see the time you have to flip the phone open rather than simply pressing a button on the side, if you get this phone you may want to also buy a watch.
this phone works but only barely. I realize that everyone gets a phone in different condition. It's usually a matter of luck. however, my phone randomly shuts off and people on the other end of the phone line can barely hear me.I am getting a new phone since i contacted the seller. Another huge plus is that as of now Verizon does not require a data package for this phone! they used to.
bought this for my son because we were not ready to afford the full data-plan andriod/iphone. This is a nice inexpensive alternative to texting and phone.
I purchased the Alias 2 to replace an older one that I have had for a number of years. The phone meets all my needs and is very easy to use. The main reason for purchase was the price and high quality of Samsung phones. I would recommend it to anyone that needs a basic phone.
Work great no problems at all pretty good phone a little outdated but still a great phone q a a
May have to call to be able to switch your device to this if you don't want the data package.
I had an unfortunate water accident with my first Samsung Alias, so this is a replacement phone. I've got to say, though, I have not been let down by the Alias. I've had a smartphone, and I've had plenty of regular "dumb" phones, but this is a GREAT in-between for when you don't want to spend the money on the smart phone data packages, PLUS it's great for music! I'm training for a half-marathon, and this is so convenient to carry, even on long runs and I can easily control my music. When you close the flip-phone, it has buttons on the top you can control/skip songs with, and it's small enough to fit in your running bra so you don't have hassle hauling it along with you. I love that you can open it one way for numbers and the standard "phone" functions, but if you open it on its side, you have a full QWERTY keyboard. VERY sturdy and has withstood me using it, as well has my husband "handling" it. Like I said in the subject, I love, Love, LOVE this phone! (Thus, why I'm buying the exact SAME phone to replace the first one! ;) )
I ordered this phone because mine just died after so much use and now I have an IPhone and hate it and as soon as my contract uis up I will go back to this phone
It came earlier that promised so the gift was available for giving. Receiver was pleased & surprised! Haven't heard anything negative so must be ok.
Bought this as used from Amazon/Star Kase June 2013. Very easy to use, clearmanual instructions, and excellent reception, clarity. Battery holds charge well,and the phone looked almost new on arrival. So far, so good.
I have no intentions on paying for a data plan and unless you need something that has to endure construction work, you can't go wrong with this phone. Since every feature phone verizon tries to offer you is a piece of crap on purpose, I'll probably just keep buying this every few years. It's one of the few phones that flips open two ways which is a huge plus for anyone who texts and calls people often. I don't understand why every feature phone isn't just designed this way.
I owned an Alias before switching to a smart phone and then back to a LG Cosmos 2. Hugest mistakes of my life. The Alias 2 albeit not perfect, is proof that basic phones could be amazing and not just overpriced pieces of trash that you see in today's market. The phone is durable and the clam to side ways flip makes texting a breeze. Battery does well on its own, but for the price of the extended you can get four days of juice for about 6$ more. The texting can be a bit odd sometimes (I do miss just being able to type and auto starting a reply), but it isn't enough to hinder the experience of this phone. It also shoots video and decent pictures which is rare for even modern basic phones.Truth is, even for 100$ or if you can find a decent price/quality used, it is every bit worth it if you don't want to go smart phone :)
This is the phone I have owned for about 7 years prior to purchasing this one. I really like this style and would highly recommend it especially for the older generation. It is easy to use. It does not come with all the bells and whistles of the more expensive phones, but I needed a replacement phone as my first one finally was giving out.
Arrived in good condition and works great, very happy with the phone.
husband didn't like it but i love this phone.
EXCELLENT!
It's a great basic phone.
This is my husbands 3rd identical phone. He is not so "smart" when it comes to phones and this has been his absolute favorite for over 6 years. It is virtually indestructible, easy to hold, fits nicely in the pocket, and easy to operate.Product arrived early, was in "new" condition and works perfectly.
I was very satisfied with the phone...would recommend this seller very highly!
The phone is exactly what I wanted. Because it was used, it was a little "battered" but I knew that when I ordered it. It works fine and I like the style very much. I felt I got a great deal with the amount I paid.
i cant rate the phone its self because i am returning it. it turns out that Verizon requires a $10 a month data plan for using the phone. you would think that they would not make you pay for a data plan on a non-smart phone that was bought third party.
I had the Samsung Zeal but it swam away. I am not interested in the new smart phones as I do not need all the bells and whistles, plus paying the additional costs associated with the smartphone just was not appealing. I searched in Amazon and found the Alias phone. I am SOOOOO glad I did. I LOVE this phone! I even like it better than my Zeal. Not having to renew my contract was just an added bonus. I like this phone so well I ordered a second one for my husband while it was still available.
i got the samsung alias 2. shipping was great, the only problem with the phone is that when i open it it has a blue or red tint to it and doesn't change even for pictures, it's the strangest thing.
This is the third time I have bought this phone and it is the best phone I have ever had. I had one about three or four years ago and loved it. That phone went through hell and still worked for three years. It finally snapped in half after falling from about 20-30ft in the air. Still works though, it's held together by one wire but still completely usable. I have had three or four phones in the year since that one broke. My boyfriend is terrible with phones but he bought one of these about a year and a half ago and still has it and it still works perfect. I just bought a new motorola rival have used it for two weeks and it's aweful so I just bought a new one of these!
Phone is a "fill in" until daughter's upgrade in October. She's happy with it :) Phone was just as described and came quickly.
This cell phone was a duplicate replacement for the one my daughter accidentally damaged.The seller under-rated the product. I was pleasantly surprised to find the phone in near-perfect condition. I believe the seller rated it a 7 (out of 10), it was more like a 9.5 (out of 10). My own phone, which is the same model, wasn't in as good shape as this one. Everything works well with it. It came with a home and car charger.I was also happy the phone was received within 2 days, much quicker than the time frame stated. My daughter had been without for 2 - 3 weeks, so this was very nice! Overall a great value for the money!Thank you Cellular Direct!
I missed this phone and verizon does not sell it anymore or anything close. I was able to get a "free" phone from verizon but that "free" phone cost more than this phone and not what I wanted. I got it fast and it worked as if it was new..maybe it was...forgot...I love it!
Good and reliable. Sadly had a 'cycle accident and the phone cushioned my fall, so the screen is broken. However, it still functions as a call-phone perfectly.
This was a Christmas gift for my parents. They absolutely love the phone and say it is very easy to use. We had to call to get the Data plan dropped.
This is a great phone - the thrid one I've bought after trying others. We keep loosing them and needing to replace...
The phone arrived right on time but it won't turn on. I'm not sure if I haven't had it plugged in long enough or if it's the battery or charger. Plugged in there's nothing to indicate it's charging so I'm not really sure what I'm going to do.I gave it two stars because it arrived on time and the phone was in good condition appearance wise.EDIT 1-18-2013Ok, Once I was able to get home I tried charging the phone with the charger that I had purchased separately (the Cell Phone Accessories Bundle for Verizon Samsung Alias 2 SCH-U750 ), and it worked! So while the charger that came with the phone didn't work I'm not going to be returning anything. If you pick up this phone I encourage you to also buy this accessories bundle. If I hadn't I would have been screwed.Also, you don't need to the data for this phone BUT if you try activating the phone online it will FORCE you to choose a package. The best way to avoid this is to simply contact the Verizon Customer service and ask them to activate the phone for you without the data package.
Great phone this is my second one, it is a great phone for anyone who needs more than the basics but doesn't want a smartphone.
The phone arrived quickly and works great. I tried to use it for Verizon prepaid, but had to add it to our service plan instead. My son loves it!
WORKS FINE BUT YOU MUST CHARGE IT WHEN ITS OFF OR IT GOES INTO A MEDIA CONNECTION WHICH YOU MUST GET OUT OF. CHARGING FROM THE AUTO OR WHEN THE PHONE IS OFF IS NOT A PROBLEM.
Love the Digital ink, by far the best way to text and type before going all the way to a smartphone.
For those who care more about basic service and what matters most in a cell phone (loud ring tones, clear time display, sturdiness [this can take a beating and a million accidental drops onto the floor], consistently good reception, and fun two clamshell ways of opening the phone (you flip it vertically to make a phone call or horizontally to text), there's nothing that beats this phone hands-down. In fact, this is the phone that even makes me hate smartphones. I can text three times as fast by pressing the letters on this than on those cumbersome smartphone screens that have slippery and hyper touch sensitive glass surfaces.
lov e this phone
love the phone.
A perfect phone for text messaging and actually talking on the phone. (I know! Amazing, right?). Seems sufficiently sturdy.I purchased this phone as a replacement for my smartphone and was able to save a considerable amount ($60) on my cellphone bill (Verizon) by downgrading and dropping my data plan. All of the fun apps that I had on the smartphone I transferred to my WiFi only tablet. If I need to download anything, I connect to the WiFi at home, work or at almost any restaurant.I was able to activate the phone hassle-free (via the Verizon website). Others have reported issues such as being required to activate a data plan. I encountered no such problem.Connecting the phone via Bluetooth to my car radio (JVC) went flawlessly. Neither tears nor gnashing of teeth were experienced. People on the other side of the line haven't experienced any sound issues such as the echoing that used to occur with my smartphone.Going back to the earlier software on these phones, I've experienced a small learning curve. That is more than made up for by the ability to go several days without having to charge my phone. Also in this phones favor... No pesky, over-achieving spell-checker messing up my texts.
great for the price.
I ordered 2 phones. They came in on time. I have always been very pleased with this particular sytle, that is why when my phone broke I ordered the same style. I did have a few minor cliches that I can over come. The one phone we had to have Verizon help activate because it did not have up-to-date programming and the other phone has a black screen at the bottom of the main picture but I can deal with that. Outside of that everything else is fine.
I love this phone. Super easy to use.
My grandson is using the Alias and he really likes it. I like it for him because it stays charged longer than his other phone did. I am thinking of getting that phone for myself. It takes great pictures.
FINAL UPDATE: Thought I should give this an update since I still think this phone was the best for being a phone and texting plus long life battery. Unfortunately, I have 4 kids and THEY have smart phones which many times send characters and things that do not translate well on non-smart phones so I had to upgrade to the Samsung S5 (for $1 here on Amazon) Samsung Galaxy S5, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless) which is a great phone but I had to spend a bit of money on extended battery/extra battery/apps/etc to make it as useful as this Alias as far as battery life. So IF you don't have some pressing need for a smart phone this is still the best thing going and I used one for over 5 years and in many ways still miss it.--------------------------------------------Well I have had an Alias 2 for over 2 years now and I love it, best phone I ever had. just so you understand I use my phone mainly as a PHONE, I do a lot of txting and it is great for that. The menus are all clear and it won't pocket dial people. I would like to point out that some of the early models had a problem with Bluetooth which was resolved with a software fix. I am looking around to buy an extra for when mine dies since Verizon does not carry them any longer on their website. The key board is great and I have not found anything that I like better for carrying in my front jeans pocket and I can set it to vibrate AND play any mp3 I wish as a ringtone. Whats not to like??UPDATE: Well here I am in Jan 2013 and still have this same phone, still like it and fight the urge to move on to a "smart" phone. Unless you really want a smart phone that will be lucky to get through a 24 hour period without being recharged this is still the best phone. I have the extended battery and I can go for 3-5 days without a recharge and the coverage is excellent. Anything I get to replace it in the future will be a step down as an actual phone (which is why we got these things wasn't it?).UPDATE: It is Oct 2013 and my phone of 4 years was going strong but I dropped it just right to break the front screen (it was still working but looked bad) so I used a Alias 2 backup I had and took it to the Verizon store and got it cloned then bought a factory refurbished Alias 2 (to replace the backup) from one of the vendors on this page for $42, looks new but until they make a smart phone with a physical QWERTY keyboard and a battery that lasts for 3-6 days, I am keeping this phone. Still better than anything out there IMHO since I have a PC, iPad, laptop I can use to access the Net, I really don't need it on my phone.NOTE: IF you really want to love this phone, get this with it and you will hate to ever use anything else :) OEM Samsung U750 Alias 2 Extended Battery & Grey Door SCH-U750 Alias 2
Well this phone takes a little to get used to, but I love it. the buttons are smaller than most phones, and finding stuff on the phone took a while to figure out. You turn the phone on from a button on the side, which I did not know. It is a fun phone to have and works just fine. To upgrade this phone, I had to get a $10 dollar web fee to activate, but they went into my account and took it off my monthly bill. The hinge seems to be getting a little looser, well see how well it survives. This is the only reason I am giving it 4 stars.
Please bring this phone and it's sleeve, which are both out of production, back. Not all of the population wants a complicated phone.
I was looking for a phone / smart phone that didn't cost much or required a data plan, but allowed me to view my text messages in a threaded / IM chat style. I enjoy that I can view my text messages in a threaded format from the same person versus looking at 100 messages seperately from the same person. This phone is an improvement from the originally Alias. This Samsung Alias 2 doesnt require a data plan and I still have a keyboard combined. I can't complain at all. I love love love this phone.
Gave this phone to my husbandfor his birthday and here are his comments - -This phone in exactly what I have been looking for. The ONLY flip phone I could find with a full Qwerty keyboard. The ability to change keyboard from all numbers to symbols to qwerty is a great feature. Best texting phone I ever had. Most of all no "butt calls", phone asking for commands from your belt holder when seat belt activates it or,God forbid, you should hit a side button when taking it from holder.Great sound quality, size and camera. I rate this 5 stars and would not trade it for any standard cell phone on the market.
Alias is a great phone that solves the traditional cell phone users needs with the texters needs. Designed for both. Comes highly recommended.
Upgraded from an Alias 1.The e-ink keyboard is great! flip open one way, it's a phone, the other, it's a normal keyboard. The best part, is you can use many of the features without ANY DATA PLAN. To use web, vcast, gps maps, email (normal or video) you need a data plan. For backup you also need it to get the app, but not after that. For picture mail, text, listen to music from your PC, normal voice phone, you only need text+voice plan to meet your usage needs.You can use a pc adapter for the SD memory card and transfer mp3 files to the phone, listen to the music when you want using 'My Music'. Unfortunately, it requires a wired / tethered headset, no bluetooth to listen to music. It does support mini stereo headset / headphones.The battery, when not in bluetooth mode and not using speakerphone or listening to music, lasts a long time. Bluetooth and speakerphone/music will sap the battery within a few hours.It was easy to add / port a number to the phone and get it working. Auto programming with *228 started the process, but required the assistance of verizon's customer service to complete the work. After that, we've been happy with the results.
This phone is very user friendly! The keyboard is easy to use. I read about this phone in Consumer Reports and decided to try it. Now both my husband and I have this phone. I tried a fancier, more expensive phone for 2 weeks, but went back to this one!
MY PHONE WAS NEW JUST AS IT WAS POST ON THE SITE FROM OEM. HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY. CAN'T SAY THE SAME FOR BRIGG.
We were not ready for the jump to a smart phone, so when my wife broke her flip phone I decided to give a used phone a try. As it has turned out, it is just like new, just as was stated on the site. Very pleased and recommend as a reliable company to do business with.
I bought my Samsung Alias 2 in October 2009 when my previous phone stopped working. I chose it because (1) it's a Samsung, the brand with which I have consistently had the best luck and fewest problems, (2) it is a "flip-phone" design, which I prefer because the screen and keyboard are protected when not in use (usually in my purse or pocket) and I don't have to worry about "pocket dialing" someone unintentionally, and (3) I prefer an actual keyboard rather than a touch-screen keyboard. The reasons I LOVE this phone are all of the above PLUS... I rarely lose a call unless I am in an area that seems to be a notorious "dead zone" for everyone, the camera takes fantastic pictures, the available GPS application is so cheap and easy to use, I can access my online email, I keep several "must have" games (including Scrabble and Sudoku) on shortcuts for quickest access, mp3 capabilities, and of course... great TEXTING!!!! The list goes on. I don't particularly want or need a smart phone and I think that's because I've been so incredibly happy with THIS phone. I am on Amazon right now, looking for another one, because something seems to have gotten into the slot for the charger so I can't insert it to charge. I am heartbroken! :o( I am way past due for an upgrade with my carrier and could probably get a much more sophisticated phone with my upgrade, but I'm just not ready to part with my Alias 2!! Besides, I have never had trouble finding accessories for my Alias 2 on Amazon (near impossible through my carrier, who only seems to stock parts and accessories for the newer, fancier phones they would rather you buy!). Bottom line: LOVE LOVE LOVE MY SAMSUNG ALIAS 2!Additional note, added 8/16/12:I almost forgot one of the VERY BEST things about the Samsung Alias 2... NO "AUTO-CORRECT!!!!" When I get texts from some of my friends and relatives who have phones that are a little newer/fancier models, and the "auto-correct" has done anything BUT "correct" their text content, I just crack up. I'll never forget the time my sister texted me that she was going to "club" my mother! Lol! I don't even remember what she later told me she'd MEANT to type. I "locked" that text in my inbox and look at it whenever I need a laugh. Who decided to call those "SMART phones" anyway??
After contacting the seller about the issues i had about my order, he promptly addressed my needs, and sent out a suitable replacement. After further consideration, this is an excellent seller to buy from. They will do whatever it takes to care for the customer and their needs. Any phone you buy has a small chance it could be a lemon, but this seller will go above and beyond to give you a great product and good service. Ignore any bad reviews, because the chances are that they, like me, commented before the seller even had a chance to correct the issue. So dont stress, just buy!
The Samsung Alias 2 was a good phone. I actually really liked it however it did have a slight issue with durability. I have had 3 Alias 2 phones. The first one was a random incident which I won't fault the design for. The second phone seemed to develop a problem where it would shut down when being opened or closed, which isn't good for some one who's job requires being on call 24 hours a day. The third phone is actually the reason I "upgraded" as I went to a Casio Commando so that my fiance could have my Alias 2 due to having broke her phone's external display. With her, the Alias 2 lasted about 2 months.We both liked the phone because of the texting mode, where the phone opens sideways and offers a full QWERTY keyboard, and opens like a regular flip phone and feels like a regular phone for calls. I'm not sure if it's a factory or service company choice or not, but it was nice that the ring tones for calls and texts were different to know which way the phone needed to be opened.As far as the durability issues, when exposed to tap water, the phone is useless. When exposed to deionized water, like most electronic devices it is of course fine. A past issue I have had with other phones was impact resistance. The alias 2 seems to be less susceptible to impact or pressure damage, however if a llama steps on it, it's done (not kidding about that one either, that's what happened to my fiance's hand down phone). One of the unique tests of a phones I suppose was radiation testing. One of the other employees at the reactor I worked at also had an Alias 2 phone, and decided to upgrade to an I-Phone, and he decided to put the phone in a high gamma and neutron exposure area (we put the phone in the reactor), and although sound quality suffered a little bit, it still worked. We ran the test for a student project, so we gathered some interesting data, but basically the phone can take 10,000 times the radiation that a human could and survive before the sound quality isn't good enough to interpret. We tested a few other phones as well as part of the project (all Samsung) and the Alias 2 actually did best.Unfortunately, Samsung no-longer makes the Alias 2 phone. I would be leery of buying a used one due to the wear issues with the double open design. I "upgraded" to a Casio Brigade (also no-longer made).
I am not ready to go hi tech with my cellphone. This is by far, the best cell phone I have ever owned.
This phone is really cool what with being able to open it two different ways. Reception is great. Sounds play with good quality. Bluetooth works great. This was a great deal.
I was a little worried at first when after I charged it, it turned off every time I closed the screen but once I activated it in the store everything worked out great. I love it!
This is a great phone if you are not into the smart phones. Personally, I have access to the internet, email, rss, etc all day long so I have no need of a full blown smart phone yet, I do communicate regularly via text msg. The big issues with my needs are that I absolutely hate phones with keyboards on the outside; the lockouts are a pain and they inevitably find a way to unlock themselves and start dialing no matter what I do. I don't want a large display screen to gather all my finger and facial goo (oh, you have it too, dont fool yourself) and are too susceptible to breakage with my lifestyle--not to mention they take up too much pocket real-estate. And I don't want to buy a data package which is optional for this phone (verizon). This phone's dual flip feature is excellent and allows me to use it conventionally or to open it and have a nice, qwerty keyboard running lengthwise. The e-ink keys switch and flip accordingly so they are always upright. The one complaint I have is that there is no hot-key for the camera when opened lengthwise but I did assign a hot-key to access that menu--it just takes a few more button strokes to activate the camera function. You do have to be careful of it when opening one handed, or letting young children play with it. The dual hinge is the weak link and I can see how it will break with uncontrolled pressure being applied incorrectly. I plan to keep my eye open for deals on these phones so I have a backup, if/when this one breaks or is lost. A friend has had this same phone since they first came out and it is still going strong and in good shape. Proof that it is not as volatile as some reviews might lead you to think. The downside to this review is that it might encourage others to buy them on the refurb market as I have done, thus depleting the supply or driving up its cost.
I hate the "candy bar" touch screen phones. I'm a multitasker so always trying to fix dinner while on the phone or fold laundry...I need the ability to hold the phone between my cheeck and shoulder. This lets me do just that and I LOVE the dual-hinge design. I have a keyboard for texting AND a phone I can hold as weird as I want! Battery life is pretty good and my ONLY complaint is it does randomly turn itself off if you don't everyday or every other day to do updates.Also Verizon really wants you to have a data package with this phone, but there IS a way to turn it off--bug the reps online or on the phone enough and they will do it!
My first phone and I was thrilled with it..it had an accident and could not be fixed..Verizon no longer offered it but Amazon did. I snatched it up in a heartbeat. I did not want a touch phone and this is a jewel. would order again if I ever need to.
Great, the phone will actually fit into my pocket. Buttons are large for messaging, handy to have the slide or open flip option. Easy to adjust settings. I would recommend it to those who do not have a need for a data package. Holds up well, I've already dropped it in the dugout a few times without damage.
Bought this phone for my wife, who is not a techie, she uses a phone for phone calls and texting. The call quality is great, and she absolutely loves the swiveling keyboard so she can text with a full qwerty keyboard! She used to pocket dial her touchscreen so we wanted a flip phone with a keyboard, and boy! are they hard to find. Wish they made more phones like this!
I am holding out on gettng a smart phone for as long as I can. I have used this Alias phone for over 4 years without difficutlies. I had to buy a replacement because after 4 years and two times dropping the phone into water, the keyboard became un-readable. It still worked but I was typing by brail, basically.I would highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to have to upgrade to a smart phone. The Alias 2 has a great big keyboard, which makes texting a breeze and a really decent camera for the size and techology at the time it came out.The feature I like the most, is that it rotates between landscape and portriat mode, so that if you are active, like I am and want to put it in a pocket, or on your bike, etc., you can have it secure with the cover closed, and not be in jeopardy of 'butt' dialing someone, unintentially.I highly recommend it!
Purchased a used alias from L2K Technology Group and the 'nearly new' item was just as advertised. I had my local Verizon do the setup and the phone seems to work as advertised. If your looking for a phone I'd suggest you contact this provider.
The person I bought this for loved it. They had one and was very used to it and did not want any new models. I am thankful to Amazon for locating this discontinued model.
It was just what I expected. I washed the old one and needed one just like it. Think you very much
Ordering the phone was a piece of cake. Then the phone came much sooner than they stated it would, which to me was great. Then the phone was in much better shape than they said it was. And overall very pleased with my purchase and would buy another product from these fine folks.Up date 5-26-2016Purchased another one of these phones. The last one almost lasted three(3) years. And plus it came when they said it would. Hope they are still around when I need my next one.
I dont want a smart phone where you have to have a data plan. This is my third phone (others wore out, broke) I hope they keep rebuilding them.
Love having a keyboard to text with. No frills with a camera is just what I needed for basic phone.
a+
great. everything it said it was. very happy with the service.
great basic phone
One of my favorite flip phones
I like the phone, it arrived on time and works great.
received in short amount of time and quality was great thanks
My husband loves this phone. He was very happy to find this phone still available because he didn't want to learn a new one. Customer service was very helpful with the set up.
wish has a charger with it for the price
Just received the phone and my husband seems to like it. He does not like smart phones and has had a few with no luck. He prefers flip phones, so this one with the dual- opening function is great for him. He did say the buttons are small, but I don't see a problem because the keys have a raised surface to help in using the keyboard.
It did serve the purpose
Still using it!
great thank you
Love the phone the price is great and the movment is great as well
great price many chooses great price would get it from you again liked it would tell others only phone i like
I PURCHASED THE PHONE FOR MY BOYFRIEND. HE LIKES THE PHONE HE JUST WISHES THE BATTERY STAYED CHARGED LONGER. HE HAS TO CHARGE IT EVERYDAY OR ELSE IT GOES DEAD.
The most durable, compact phone with a full keyboard. Great for folks who like to keep the phone in their pocket or purse, because flip-phone style prevents accidental button pushes and butt-dialing. Small size makes it easy on the pocket. Full keyboard makes it easy to text. Regular phone keyboard in portrait mode makes it easy to use as a regular phone.Only complaint is on greedy Verizon Wireless for charging a smartphone plan even if you just want to use it as a basic flip-phone with great texting keyboard.
well the phone ws used and it was in very good contditionsyeah, love it u guys should buy it
WE HAVE 3 OF THESE PHONES AND WE NEEDED A REPLACEMENT. WE COULDNT GET IT AT THE VERIZON STORE. AMAZON HAD IT, WE GOT IT IN 3 DAYS I CALLED VERIZON WITH THE SN# PUT THE BATTERY IN AND IT WORKED. IT WORKS ON OUR EXISTING PLAN NO EXTRA FEES. IT'S NOT A SMART PHONE BUT ITS GOOD FOR CALLING AND TEXTING GOOD QWERTY KYBD IT FITS IN YOUR POCKET AND IT'S DURABLE.
This is the phone I was looking for. The flip phone slides into my purse, fits my hand and nails, and has the time on the outside. It fits to my face, like a phone should. The keyboard has three different screens; letters, numbers, and punctuation, which are easy to toggle between. Internet access if available, but slow. As far as I can tell, the calendar feature does not sync with outlook. But not a problem, that's why I have a tablet. This phone is for communicating, not surfing the web.
The Samsung Alias 2 is a great phone especially if you do alot of texting. While texting on other phones my fingers were constantly slipping off of the keys. The keys on the Alias 2 are soft (and bigger) and eliminate that problem. Love it!
I love cell phones that are just phones - smart phones are just not for me. ...This is the best cell phone I've owned, so when my original dropped and broke after 5 years of hard use, I looked to find a used one on Amazon. I found this. It was promised and delivered as NIB. I would deal with this company again in a minute. If you just want a cell phone that is a cell phone, I highly recommend the Samsung Alias 2 U750 purchased from this organization.
This is a great phone. It put the mic's where they are needed to hear and be heard clearly. VERY rugged and the keyboard for texting is quick and easy to use. Camera is OK. Can't say enough good things about it!
I had one of these until upgrading to a new touch screen phone. I was sorry I upgraded, and ordered this refurbished model of my old phone. I love it... no more butt calls, mis-touched screens, and other errant functions like on the new phone. This one even came with the extended life battery. I'm really happy with it even though it's not cutting edge technology.
I wanted a messaging phone with just a little flash and the Alias 2 delivered. Every single key is actually an e-ink display so when the phone is flipped open clamshell-style they're ordered and labelled for use primarily as a phone but when you flip it open sideways they're oriented properly and filled primarily with letters and other keys for messaging. Other reviews are right when they say it'll take you a little bit of time to get used to the phone. Although the key labels change, the layout does not, so sometimes a key seems like it would be more convenient in a slightly different place. The truth is, it would be, but that's the only place to put it when the phone is opened in that orientation. You'll occasionally find minor frustration with the fact that if you read a text with the phone opened clamshell-style that it'll close the message and make you re-open it when you shut it and open the door sideways to respond more easily. These really are minor issues, however, that did not diminish my enjoyment of this phone. Clearly a lot of thought and effort was put into this redesign of the Alias, and though you might worry about the strength and durability of the hinge, I had no problems with our two despite heavy use and having purchased them used with visible wear.Other reviewers are dead-on about the fact that you very much want to buy the extended battery and door. While it makes the phones slightly more bulky, it also allows you to talk and text extensively and still only need a charge about every 5-6 days.http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Alias-Extended-Battery-SCH-U750/dp/B002SL1TSQ/ref=pd_sim_cps_1?ie=UTF8&refRID=0BJ7255RF1F1A1118W65
This was the last phone I was able to find in Amazon and I was delighted beyond belief! The price was amazing as Verizon wasn't even selling this phone anylonger and I'm sure if they were it would be a rediculous amount of money. It was delivered on time and it has been working well for as long as I have had it! I hope it never breaks! Thank you sooo much!
When our Samsung Alias 2's began to fail after five years of great service I nearly broke down & bought a smart phone. I am glad I didn't. The refurbished one's I bought from Amazon are like new for $79. My battery lasts three days & I TOTALLY understand how it works.
I love this cell phone. I dont do anything on the internet but I do alot of texting to my kids. It is perfect for that. It was hard trying to find this phone. I had one before this one and it started to shut off by itself and verizon does not offer this phone anymore, but found a NEW one on Amazon. Got it within a weeks time and it was a new one. I am very happy with my new phone.
I love this phone because of it's great battery life, qwery keyboard and it's durability. Most flip phones end up breaking after extended use. I had the Alias 1 before this phone. I loved it so much that I moved up to this one..... I would recommend it to a friend!!
If you are looking for an old fashioned ! Phone not an iPhone this I'd great. I wanted a key lard for texting but didn't want an open phone as they tend to dial mistakenly when in a pocket or purse. This is a great compromise a flip phone and a keyboard in quite a compact style. My favorite phone of the flip variety that I have ever owned and the battery life is good too.
I love this phone. They work great and still take a beating. I wish they still made them like this instead of pushing "smart phones" onto everybody.
This phone is great. I have dropped it a lot and it keeps on working. It has everything I need and it has a qwerty keyboard for texting. The best thing about it is that I do not have to get a data plan to use this phone on my verizon plan.
I bought this phone when it first came out. I still have it and I'm still on the original battery. I bought a second phone to use when this one quits. The worst thing Samsung ever did was to quit making this sort of phone. It is a flip phone but, it pivots in the corner so that texting is easier with a QWERTY keyboard. I have no love of "smart phones". I have no desire to surf the Internet on my phone. My phone is a phone and it texts. If I want to go to the Internet, that's what my PC & Laptop are for. Phones are for phone calls and texting if you can't hear. The camera takes good pictures. I'll hang onto this one and the other one until I can't find another one.
good
Works great. Just waiting for my upgrade so I can get another smartphone.
Very good phone.
Replacing an existing phone! Wonderful
The phone is great however I never got the charger.
son had this 4 years now- will not die
This cell was for my son and he loves it! The shipping was super quick
Was a gift for my mother to replace the one she had. It was exactly what she wanted.
Its very nice. Works wonderfully. Family complains that they can't hardly hear me unless I put them on speaker phone though.
Nothing flashy, which is why I love it. Durable and does its job.
Nice
smart phones are a waste of money
Got this for my son for Christmas, he was jealous of mine. It works great (talk, text, and photos) . YEA old school!!
While there are only a few minor differences, it's a great replacement for the Verizon Samsung Zeal, which I found hard to find. Great basic phone with a full QWERTY keyboard inside.
Great phone, fast service from vendor
the phone arrived ontimeit was in great conditionmy daughter loves itshe had hers just like this since it firstcame out.after dropping her phone she was devastatedwe were going to get a new phonebut all she wanted was one like she hadthis was it thank you
The phone is a little smaller than expected which is a good thing! The E-ink technology is very cool as well! Bought this phone because my Brightside began to malfunction and this phone is not a smartphone which fit my contract.Pros: Long battery life, Looks Good, E-inkCons: None so far
got this phone for a buddy who sucks at texting the way it flips both ways is great and he loves it aloso loves the deer cover i got to go with it said he will keep this till it dies on him
Didn't want to get locked into a two year contact or ge forced to buy a 3 or 4 G phone from Verizon, so I searched the web and found this one. I would like to buy another, it is a heavy duty and great phone with all the functions that I need and the conditions was perfect as the seller said it was.
I recently decided to cancel my data plan from Verizon to save a few dollars on our bills. I had owned the original Samsung Alias which I really liked so I decided to give this one a try. Wow! It does everything I need and more. I had forgotten how awesome it was to be able to go multiple days without a charge. Also, this phone gets reception in places that my smartphone does not.
He loves his "NEW" phone ! At 11 not willing to spend lots of cash on a new phone and this one fits all the needs of an 11 year old . Great deal and a good phone !
The device came in on time and works perfectly. This phone is perfect for an elderly person, it has a charging stand and is easy to operate.
It's been 3 months since this was purchased. No problems so far, works as you would expect. Product as advertised.
good value for what I need
Very Good Experience, Received Phone in a timely manner, and Phone Worked Well.
exactly as ordered. Very happy.
This is a great little phone, very sturdy and has everything I need.I'm old school and originally I was dragged into the cell phone age kicking and screaming. I hate talking on the phone as it is, but having one with me all the time when my only saving grace before was being able to say I wasn't home as an excuse to not answer, was just unheard of. But... kick and scream I did and here I am. I started out using the brick with a telescope antenna, then went to the flip phone, then eventually graduated to the smartphone. Out of all the phones I've had with me, The Convoy U640 is the workhorse I enjoy having with me the most. Sturdy, reliable, and it does everything I want in a phone. The TXT features on it are not Qwerty, but that's okay. They're easy enough to use once you get used to them. I only text my wife when I'm at the grocery store anyway.Out of all the smartphones and former flip phones I went through, the Convoy has the absolute best signal grab. I hear the person on the other end much more clearly than any phone I have ever used, anywhere I go in Verizon's coverage area. And likewise, my wife has told me she can hear me much better when she's talking to me on the phone now. For that, and the sturdiness (I've dropped it a couple of times, and the phone just keeps on smilin') I give it a full 5 stars.It's got all sorts of stuff on there I hardly use. Just for the heck of it, I downloaded a couple of games and played them during the down time when waiting on kids to get out of school (good sound and display) and use the alarm clock feature with a downloaded piano ringtone by Chopin and the sound is awesome. Heck, even the camera takes a pretty good picture when you have it set to its largest size setting!All in all, very well worth the money if you're not into Smartphones!
It's good
Great phone. Great reception and hold up well.
fast ship and as described
I have bought replacement phones in the past for my son who is constantly breaking them. This was a good replacement for his last one. It looks rugged enough.
great
Charge port large enough for old man to see when not warring glasses. Very durable
fast service, product was as stated
super tough phones
Simple rugged little phone, does just what I need it to.
This phone is great it slows me down on texting but it works when you need it
Thanks to my fellow posters for guiding me to Provider. They came through.I have just had this a day so I will limit my comments. Ordered the phone on Dec 23rd. Received it Dec 26. Not bad. Phone looked new. Was marked "Verizon" on the front. Came with a fully charged Samsung battery and a wall charger. Turned on phone and a screen came up to dial some number to activate. Looked fishy so I didn't. Instead I called Verizon got Technical service, answered a few security questions, gave them the MEI HEX number (located under the battery) and followed their instructions. Took all of 10 minutes and I was up and running.. Loaded my contacts by using Backup Assistant. Go to Contact on Menu page to find the Assistant.This phone has a lot of features. Really need to download the manual. Please note the micro memory card goes on the right. The charger plugs in on the left.Good Luck!
convoy replaced and old convoy....phone was in good shape and the battery also was good....and the price was a lot better than buying a new phone
This is a great flip phone for someone who needs a simple rugged phone to make phone calls (and the occasional text). It's really hard to find a decent phone that's not a "smart" phone for a Verizon network. Sound is good, no dropped calls, people on the other end hear what I'm saying. Does its job.
It is a used cell phone but it is in excellent condition and it has given us good service. We are happy with our purchase.
These phones were promptly shipped and are "like new." One needed a charge but worked fine after an overnight charge. These sre a bit "chuncky, but i knew this before ordering. They are very hardy, and that is what I need.
I needed a tough phone that I could have with me when out doing landscaping. I considered the choices and every phone was too easy to break. I wanted a phone that I didn't have to worry about, ever. this it the right one for me. It fits my purposes very well. I have never dropped it and hope I never do, but if I do I am sure it will holdup better then most anything I could have bought.
I have had one of these before I really liked it I had it for about 4 years and when I went to renew my contract with Verizon they did not make this hone any more, well I got a free phone, but I could not hear it ring, so I went to amazon and there she was. I got it, and it works great and I can hear it ring. The phone is very simple to use and I like that also. A phone is of no use if you can not hear it ring.
Great phone for little money. I have been using this phone for close to a year. The battery is the strongest I've ever had in a phone
My 2nd purchase from quality cell pnones. both phones were like new. been using the first for about two years.
The condition for the used phone exceeded my expectations. Very impressed! I will be buying from again when i need another phone.
The first phone did not work out that great but they worked with us and quickly replaced it. We did not have any trouble returning or receiving the new phone.
This phone is identical to the one that I took for a swim. I needed a simple phone to replace the old one. Nothing I found was priced within my budget. This was priced right, arrived very quickly and has worked very well.
For the price, this phone is great! Battery lasts I can say at least a week before needing charging. This phone is tough and the volume loud and is just perfect for my teenage son.
Perfect
Great phone for the price. No problems at all!
My husband loves this phone, it is perfect for him and is extremely sturdy for the kind of work he does outside. He thought his old one was done for and when the refurbished one came his old one started to work perfect again. We are keeping it for when the other one finally has its last days for good.
It works great. Reason for buying it was, other phones weren't meeting the speaker standered. But this phones speakers, blew all out the box. THANK YOU!
Like it for rugged work phone on farm, just wish lettering on screen was bigger & easier to read
I have phone a year it good the phone has went downstairs landing on hardwood flooring it hit on a side of a brick and its suited me but now it's dieing on me I got this phone used one of the first phone used phone I got off the web I got a lot of handmydowns from over my side of the family the only problems I'm having is because it dieing on me an when I dail 1 area code then phone number it takes a little bit to call out it stared doing that resently I'm update my phone soon to a iPhone 5 5c what ever comes out next get one that's good phones
My husband absolutely loves this phone, he isn't exactly a phone whiz, but it is perfect for him, He likes the spec on it regarding the phone was built up to military specs, like dust proof, water resistant, not proof, shock resistant, built to handle a few drops, which he is notorious for at work. Can't believe Verizon let this go to the wayside, the battery is amazing, up to 3-4 days of not having to charge, amazing, hubby says. Anyway, hubby says well worth the price even if it is retired, he's pondering the idea of buying another one just in case this one gives up the ghost in the next couple of years. We liked the speedy shipping too. thank you.
product is what I expect and website is very useful to search for what I like for certain items great
Works for a simple guy in construction that does not want a "smart phone" data plan. Data plan not required on this phone!
I would recommend this phone for some one who is not into smart phone but need just a phone. not big and bulky. it works great.
The phone was in excellent condition, this was my first time using amazon, I was very skeptical but it was exactly what I ordered. I had no problem getting it activated and it worked wonderfully.
phone works great love the idea of being waterproof and the rubber case i got with it makes it dang near unbreakable would tell anyone not into the smart phones this is one of the best phones and case combo to get, but i am older and dont care for the smart phones should have enoung smarts to just need a phone and not a hand held computer but thats just me
ruged as the old style in a modern phone and fits into my ruged kick around life style great phone
HE REALLY LIKES IT. HE HAD ONE BFORE AND IT TOOK A CRAP AND OF COURSE IT WAS NOT INSURED.. I WOULD BUY FROM HERE AGAIN
I'm very happy with this little phone. The battery life is reasonable, and it the sound quality is much better than most data phones. The rugged case is great.
Was exactly what we ordered. It had package problems getting to our addresses but the sender was amazing making sure it got to us. Keeping track of the package and made sure we knew if it didn't get to us soon they would ship us a new one ASAP. Was very reassuring and helpful.
This is the only place to buy a phone, they are the best, fast, and helpful. Thanks for all your help Jayne Beezley
I got this phone bc I was tired of having to pay the high premiums of having a smart phone. The call quality is way better than any iPhone or android phone I've used(I've had both). I like not being on it all the time checking my email or whatever. I spend more time in conversation and actually pay attention when my wife is talking to me haha. The best feature is the battery lasts for several days without a charge, even with heavy use.
This Samsun Convoy U640 is a great phone. Just what is needed for basic communication plus some extras. Very easy to use.
It works for my father who does not need a smartphone just simple a way to communicate while out and about.
I get much better reception in our small town with this phone than newer ones. Also my daughter's puppy got a hold of it and bit the bottom of the phone but it is very rugged and works fine!
This phone came in excellent shape. Only thing missing was the charger cover on the side but it is not necessary for the operation of the phone. The phone looked great, sounds great and works great. It was ready to be activated with no problems. Phone arrived within the time frame stated. Excellent buy for the money. Came with a warranty which I am happy to say I have not had to use.
good value for what I need
Very Good Experience, Received Phone in a timely manner, and Phone Worked Well.
exactly as ordered. Very happy.
This is a great little phone, very sturdy and has everything I need.I'm old school and originally I was dragged into the cell phone age kicking and screaming. I hate talking on the phone as it is, but having one with me all the time when my only saving grace before was being able to say I wasn't home as an excuse to not answer, was just unheard of. But... kick and scream I did and here I am. I started out using the brick with a telescope antenna, then went to the flip phone, then eventually graduated to the smartphone. Out of all the phones I've had with me, The Convoy U640 is the workhorse I enjoy having with me the most. Sturdy, reliable, and it does everything I want in a phone. The TXT features on it are not Qwerty, but that's okay. They're easy enough to use once you get used to them. I only text my wife when I'm at the grocery store anyway.Out of all the smartphones and former flip phones I went through, the Convoy has the absolute best signal grab. I hear the person on the other end much more clearly than any phone I have ever used, anywhere I go in Verizon's coverage area. And likewise, my wife has told me she can hear me much better when she's talking to me on the phone now. For that, and the sturdiness (I've dropped it a couple of times, and the phone just keeps on smilin') I give it a full 5 stars.It's got all sorts of stuff on there I hardly use. Just for the heck of it, I downloaded a couple of games and played them during the down time when waiting on kids to get out of school (good sound and display) and use the alarm clock feature with a downloaded piano ringtone by Chopin and the sound is awesome. Heck, even the camera takes a pretty good picture when you have it set to its largest size setting!All in all, very well worth the money if you're not into Smartphones!
It's good
Great phone. Great reception and hold up well.
fast ship and as described
I have bought replacement phones in the past for my son who is constantly breaking them. This was a good replacement for his last one. It looks rugged enough.
great
I was replacing an LG phone that I took swimming. (They don't like that!) The Samsung U640 is a much better phone. 2 weeks battery life per charge, clear sound, good photos, control buttons that make sense. If I needed it, I'd order another. (Quick shipping, too!)
Phones are in great shape ,but chargers are not. One fell apart in my hand ; was not very happy about that.
Buy this phone from this seller. He makes sure they are all working great. My husband is a general contractor and his phones end up under truck tires, dropped from high up ladders, etc! The price is fantastic! I'm sure I will buying another again when he breaks or loses this one - will go back to same seller for sure.
Phone works great. It is exactly what we were looking for. No Contract and that's what we need. Great buyer!
What can I say? The phone works great like if it was new. easy to set up and looks good.
good used cell phone thanks a lotcouldnt find one in my area and I really needed a replace phone didnt want to do an upgrade my contract with verizon at this time.thanks again
The phone arrived in a timely manner and works well. A cheap and easy to use flip phone. I would recommend this product to anyone.
I've owned this phone for two years now. I have thrown it at muggers, fought off bears, and even made the occasional phone call with this monolith of human technology. It is the most destructive force any mere mortal man can own without simply ascending to godhood. This phone radiates durability weather it be from it's rugged (yet stylish) rubber outer edge. or it's colorful grey tones that scream of old and reliable things... like the 50's and ash. I don't know where i'm going with this but all i do know is that this phone has been through hell and back and it still works more than my lazy wife.
Bought for my mother who wanted a decent flip phone. Good reviews on it. So far, great phone. Very easy to use and feels very strong.
Used this for a replacement phone for my Aunt. She liked it
My daughter wanted another phone exactly the same as the one she'd been using, so L bought her this one. Great phone, but I didn't realize that it must be used for six months as a prepaid phone, before being able to use it on a regular Verizon plan. Consequently, I was not able to use it.
Just what we wanted.
great
Performs as advertised. Trust this supplier.
Phone arrived earlier than expected, and was in EXCELLENT condition for a used phone.As far as the quality of this model phone, I will point out:-The sound isn't very clear and the people I speak to say I am also hard to hear.-It's a very basic phone, missing a few things my previous phone (LG) had.Still gave it 4 stars because it meets by basic needs of calling and texting, and it was well priced.
this phone meets my needs very well I am very happy with it
Phone is great
I bought this phone in case the one I have dies. It has been a wonderful phone so I bought another. It is small and compact which most phones aren't any longer.
Phone was in great condition and works perfectly.
Item as described and fast delivery. the Gusto is a replacement for the Gusto that went through the washer and dryer ( not a good idea ). Simple phone to use for old farts.
Good replacement phone.
I was very pleased w/the phone. It works very well. I have it all up and running. Thank youfor such great service.
Used this for a replacement phone for my Aunt. She liked it
My daughter wanted another phone exactly the same as the one she'd been using, so L bought her this one. Great phone, but I didn't realize that it must be used for six months as a prepaid phone, before being able to use it on a regular Verizon plan. Consequently, I was not able to use it.
Just what we wanted.
great
Performs as advertised. Trust this supplier.
Phone arrived earlier than expected, and was in EXCELLENT condition for a used phone.As far as the quality of this model phone, I will point out:-The sound isn't very clear and the people I speak to say I am also hard to hear.-It's a very basic phone, missing a few things my previous phone (LG) had.Still gave it 4 stars because it meets by basic needs of calling and texting, and it was well priced.
this phone meets my needs very well I am very happy with it
Phone is great
I ordered this phone and it had a terrible glitch in it. I was typing a text message and the screen went blank and it just stopped working. I contacted the company within a day or so after that happened and they were very compliant and understanding of the issue. I sent in the broken phone and the expedited me a brand new one the same day that they received it. I was pretty upset about the first phone being broken, but these things happen. The company was more than helpful, and I would not think twice before ordering from them again.
Worked great as a replacement for my old phone that I broke until my contract could be renewed. Worked just like my original one and easy to transfer over.
it does exactly what I need it to do. I've been using it about a year, still going strong. the end
It had all the things one would expect to get with the phone. It works well. I can hear callers clearly. I am still checking to make sure they can hear me clearly. Very satisfied
We have had it for about 2 weeks. My teenage son uses it daily and has had no problems with it.
Good phone for the price I got it at, did all the things I expected it to, no problems so far.
Everything looks good. Not able to use it till I give it to someone in a couple of weeks. But I am sure it will be fine.
Phone does everything I want it to do - perfect for the price. Verizon support on using the phone much easier than trying to use the Samsung manual - good for basics of getting started.
the phone works very good and I have no problem with itI recommended to every one don't want pay too much toverizon.
very nice phone.
good phone
Works better than the original model of the same phone. Love it.
this is one of the better basic phones. It functions great. However with all basic phones now, there is a good chance, it will come with some defect. I have found after several phones in the past few months, any basic phone you get has a good chance of not working perfectly. This is the least buggy one I found. Very simple and easy to use. Quick tip: avoid touchscreen basic phones. They have the most defects.
This was a replacement for the exact phone I had. I am not going to say why the other one quit. Suffice it to say, don't be too zealous in trying to get fingerprints and other grime off of it ! {8~)
this is a simple phone i was looking for, it a bit slow functioning, other than that its good
what can i say its a phone
After having a smartphone, I knew I would need a QWERTY keypad. This phone delivers that. It's taken some time to get used to the small keys, but it beats not having a QWERTY keypad at all. Phone audio is good. I'm starting to just text on my iPad, so I'm not sure if I'll get another on of these, but if I were a teenager who couldn't afford a smartphone, this would be the phone for me!
I purchased this cell phone for my son, he said he liked it and it works good, good phone for the price
I purchased this phone to use on the Verizon network. I had this model previously but it stopped working after experiencing water damage.I like that I can talk, text, take pictures(fair quality),and use blue tooth features but not be required to have a data plan.I had the old phone for over two years without any problems. Hope to do better with this one.
This is actually the second phone I received from Quality Used Phones. The first one I received, while in great cosmetic condition, had a defect with the slide out keypad. The phone would shut off when sliding the keypad in or out. I contacted the seller and I had no problem returning the phone and getting another one. The keypad on this one seems much sturdier than the last.
I hat this same phone before. However, after two drops in the toilette and numerous events of maltreatment by my small children it was starting to weird out. I bought this one used on Amazon and have had it for a few months now. It is doing well also. I love how this phone is set up, I love the keyboard especially.
perfect condition. texts very well. Sound quality good. Camera excellent. For a refurbished phone, I thought it was new. Good price too.
Well this phone is for my elderly mother, she is 88 years old and this is the phone she has been using, but her old one started acting up after a few years of wear and tear. We got this one to replace it, she wanted the same one. She really likes it. Does what she needs. She is a texter believe it or not, and its great for that too.
great pone great price great service. nothing could be better!!
Super great deal. This phone works great. My husband has to have this clip phone and this one is in great shape.
Quick ship. Great price. What more could I ask!!
Phone works fine and is in good shape, just a few minor details that are messed up.
Good job
It was great !
Quick shipping and a good product
It did not work we had to send it back, i am waiting for a refund.
First off shipping was exceptional. Ordered product on Monday and shipped on Tuesday. Received in WNY from Idaho in 1 day. Definitely worth the extra money for express shipping. Phone was in better than expected condition with very minor wear and tear. This was a replacement phone for a teenager who has already broken two phones in less than a year. Definitely worth the price paid. Would recommend and buy from this seller again. The phone itself is a Samsung Intensity II, for a phone for a 14 year old it is good enough, especially as rough as he is on this phone. Would definitely NOT buy this phone new, was the phone generally given with a new plan or adding a new line with a $50 rebate on it. Would never pay the full list price for this phone, but for the money I paid for it from Mobtech it was worth it.
the itam was shipped the next day and was just just like new except for a few scratch's but as far as used phones go this one was great
Phone works, but it is the store owner that gets 5 stars. He was great helping me with a defective phone! Mobtech LLC just made it right and in a hurry.
The phone is great. I just wasn't sure what I was buying. Now I wish I had purchased one just like I'd had. (older people don't like changes LOL)
Great
good phone
It's the great phone for teens that can't stop running up the cellphone bill by going over the data
Great phone for the money
Just as listed
As described. I replaced the exact same phone for my Verizon plan. You can either go to your online Verizon account to easily activate this phone or call Verizon and they will activate it. My plan didn't change after activation and it was very easy to replace my broken U460. Don't know why so many problems with others and I didn't have to use up a 6 month plan before using. However I'm way beyond my 2 year contract and now month to month with my Verizon plan. Maybe that's why I had zero problems, just purchased, activated and still using.
As advertised and fast shipping.
Grear
very nice phone.
Works great!
This is a starter phone for a child. Does the job well.
Great phone for the price!
I love this phone. The slide out keypad allows for easy texting with the hassle of have a smart phone or the difficulty of one finger typing. It's compact size allows it to easily fit in a billfold or pocket (even in women's pants). The battery life is good. It easily lasts all day.
Nice phone. Was a little hard to set up at first, but the team at Verizon was wonderful in helping us. The phone works great and has good sound. Got here fast.
Thank you.
Works as expected. I wanted a basic phone and that is what this is. I have had a similar model before and it was a work horse that made it through 3 family members.
A basic phone, what else is there to say? I bought it for my sister as a Christmas present, she transferred her number over from our existing Verizon plan plan (She accidentally dropped her old phone in chicken soup). So far we have had no issues with it.Off-note I strongly recommend to anybody who buys this, or any other phone, BUY A CASE! Idc how careful you think you are, eventually you are going to slip. You'll end up scuffing the edges, knocking the battery cover loose, even crack the screen/camera or ruin the speaker. I am referring to an armor style case, not the holsters. Something that stays on your phone even when you are using it, and doesn't get in the way. Trust me, 10-20 bucks and a slightly bulkier phone is a small price to pay to avoid the hassle and cost of replacing your phone sooner than necessary.
This phone was fabulous, a great price and the condition was superb. My grandson is over the moon and thinks it is great.
Phone came here on time and was easy to activate well packaged. Bought this for my daughter and she loves it battery life held up better than i thought. Overall great product
Even though this is a simple slider phone, it is exactly what my wife wanted and she loves it. Would buy again.
The phone was brand new. I had difficulty registering the phone online. Verizon online self-service device registration would not accept the new phone's id, no matter how many times I tried. I got worried for a moment. I was able to activate it with the help of a customer service rep. It took a while. The phone is working fine now.
Happy with ophone
Super
Love's this little basic phone,brought it for my husband, he's not a smartphone lover I received it Wednesday was planning to return it Thursday after we discovered my husband could barely hear on it..until we discovered the problem..the plastic cover was over the speaker..pulled it off now it works perfectly..Thanks Amazon again for your wonderful fast shipping service..
Fast
good for what i needed it for
Great phone for an 11 year old.
Nice phone
This phone was for my 16 yr old son. He has been happy with it other than the cute pink stickers he found on the back of the screen when he slid it open to use the keyboard. Haha, he didn't find it as funny as I did.
Performs as expected as good as the original. In new condition as advertised. My daughter is very please with the phone.
Received phone yesterday but found out it wasn't what we wanted. Phone stated it would work on Verizon wireless plan no contract required. Turned out what we actually received was a pre-pay phone. Seller was quick to call us back and try and fix the problem. Seems Amazon shipped the wrong product. We were told to return the phone & they would issue a full credit. I'm satisfied for now and will await refund.
Met all expectations and came sooner than expected. Was very happy with what I received and the price was great!
we are hard on phones, so I have one on hand always just in case. this was an excellent price , why would anyone pay for a new one? it's clean and in great shape!
Great phone. Thank you for the speedy shipping
Good Shape and works well.
works great in area with good service.
great
Great cheap phone worked for a real long time
Ok, for a cheap phone for my grandson!
like phone will be hooking it up soon
I ordered this phone and it had a terrible glitch in it. I was typing a text message and the screen went blank and it just stopped working. I contacted the company within a day or so after that happened and they were very compliant and understanding of the issue. I sent in the broken phone and the expedited me a brand new one the same day that they received it. I was pretty upset about the first phone being broken, but these things happen. The company was more than helpful, and I would not think twice before ordering from them again.
Worked great as a replacement for my old phone that I broke until my contract could be renewed. Worked just like my original one and easy to transfer over.
it does exactly what I need it to do. I've been using it about a year, still going strong. the end
Phone works great! was in perfect condition! Found some pictures of the previous owner's dog's, and they were really cute!!
Over all the phone is good, but did not come with a battery as stated in the profile. Some small scratches, not too bad.
Works like a charm and in great shape. Good battery unlike some "refurbished" phones i have received. Very Pleased with the phone!
Great buy and is very handy with the keyboard my grandson carries it everywhere with him. The face plates are very inexpensive for it.
im still hitting the wrong buttons when the phone rings didnt come with a manual so im learning by trial & error
It had all the things one would expect to get with the phone. It works well. I can hear callers clearly. I am still checking to make sure they can hear me clearly. Very satisfied
good phone
this is one of the better basic phones. It functions great. However with all basic phones now, there is a good chance, it will come with some defect. I have found after several phones in the past few months, any basic phone you get has a good chance of not working perfectly. This is the least buggy one I found. Very simple and easy to use. Quick tip: avoid touchscreen basic phones. They have the most defects.
This was a replacement for the exact phone I had. I am not going to say why the other one quit. Suffice it to say, don't be too zealous in trying to get fingerprints and other grime off of it ! {8~)
this is a simple phone i was looking for, it a bit slow functioning, other than that its good
what can i say its a phone
Great price and a good phone!!
We have had it for about 2 weeks. My teenage son uses it daily and has had no problems with it.
Good phone for the price I got it at, did all the things I expected it to, no problems so far.
Everything looks good. Not able to use it till I give it to someone in a couple of weeks. But I am sure it will be fine.
Phone does everything I want it to do - perfect for the price. Verizon support on using the phone much easier than trying to use the Samsung manual - good for basics of getting started.
the phone works very good and I have no problem with itI recommended to every one don't want pay too much toverizon.
I hate smart phones and everything they represent. I prefer a simple, durable, inexpensive alternative. I've broken two of these phones through my own recklessness but they do exactly what I want them to and do it well.
Worked well with my Samsung Intensity 2.
good old type phone and good good
This cell phone was exactly what I wanted and described very accurately! It looks almost brand new. I am extremely pleased with the phone and would recommend this seller to other's out there. It even arrived prior to delivery date! An extra bonus! Very happy with my transaction!
Phone worked well when received. Phone was as described. Reasonably priced.
good product
Solid and dependable. Great price and received in exact condition promised.
Great product and great Customer Service!!!!
Honest description and great customer service! Called me when I wanted more information. Found exactly what I was looking for in a phone.
I love the convenience of a keyboard. It holds a charge a long time. I love that for a change.
I bought this phone to replace one my wife drowned. Easy to set up, easy to use. Not a lot of bells and whistles but we didn't need/want that.
I had a smart phone that I didn't use as a smart phone. I don't use a cell phone to search the internet, email, etc, etc, etc. I only want a phone that I can text with. This phone is exactly what I wanted. Anyone who isn't tied to their cell phone should find this phone exactly what you need. Thanks. The Maj.
Came fast. Very cheap. Although it was not in the best condition when I got it, it is now doing the trick! thanks!
This phone is exactly what I needed as a starter phone for my granddaughter. It is easy to use and reliable.
I prefer having a real keyboard with the response of actual buttons that you can feel. This is the third one I've had, and I wouldn't trade it for a smartphone with a touchscreen. Verizon's no contract pay by the month plan is good too, I don't bother paying for a data plan, I prefer using a full size screen and keyboard for stuff like web browsing and email. It has GPS, text, and voice, which is all I need from a phone. There are other features, music player etc, but I don't use them and can't comment on those. It's a good solid phone, easily replaced if you work in a phone-unfriendly job (like on the water *splash* time for a new phone).
I loved it. It was in good shape. I wanted an older phone with no gadgets and data. Perfect Fit!!!
Great phone to use with page plus cellular minutes. It has a clean ESN. Works great and has a long battery life.
While it was listed as refurbished, it appears to be new. It is in excellent condition and performs as expected.
This phone is very easy to use and I like the color and I also like the screen. Easy to use,
Ordered as a replacement for my mothers damaged phone. According to her its working good and recieved in good condition. Would purchase from again.
This U640 has much better reception then my old LG phone and therefore has better battery life. I am buying two more of these for my family plan. It shipped fast and setup with Verizon with no problems and no contract, YES!
Rugged phone, great battery life, my only problem being that the car charger that was sent did not work (not my car's fault).
This is a refurbished phone which has a few cosmetic dings but works just fine. It provides me exactly what I need in a cell phone.
I am an electrical contractor and this phone is rugged enough to handle rough work. It will take a beating and keep on ticking.
The Samsung Convoy is much sturdier than my earlier phone. It arrived quite quickly, and the Verizon personnel set it up w/o problems or extra charges.
first phone did not work i called them and they were great they did every thing to make me happy and to fix the problem. I would have no problem ordering from them again in the future i was very happy with this company.
Great phone for the person who needs to make calls, take photos, and doesn't need alot of unused apps floating about.
The phone was decent and came as expected. However one of the chargers didnt work from day one...which made it hard to use the phone. So tht left me a little disappointed withthe buyer.
I like this phone for the larger buttons for texting. It works well in the holder I have and it is not cumbersome. Perfect as a work phone.
LOVE IT
good rugged phone that has a long-lasting batteryif you need a screen bigger than a deck of cards to play on the internet and just need a phone for calls, occasional texting and photos this is it. tough, works and the battery lasts for DAYS!
another great deal great price
Passes every drop test onto porcelain tile!
Only downside is that apparently Verizon no longer uses V-Cast Music with Rhapsody.
We knew the phone would be a used one and it met our expectations. I gave it a 4 star rating because it was a used phone.
I can hear very well on it. It is easy to use. I don't lnow what else to say. The clarity of sound is what is so important to me.
The product did everything I expected,would recommend this phone;or the convoy2 to anyone.Very please with the phone,thank you,very much.thanks again
I liked his rating, I am pleased with the phone so far, I need to get a SD Card for it to see if it works okay. Love the loud ring tone, and the battery life is unbelievable on this phone. I gave my new one to my daughter-in-law and kept this one because I prefer it to the other. Thanks.
We have one of these phones already and love it. I got one for my son and this was by far the best price for this phone on the internet.
This phone is durable, and does fit in the clip case and fully opens so it does not have to be removed everytime you need to use the phone. Extremely easy activation!
Had this phone before for 2 years, so when that one finally broke(dropped it while open and it split right in half) I got another one. 2 years is a good lifespan for any phone.
I bought this phone for my daughter. I guess being used to modern smartphones I found this one cumbersome but it serves its purpose. The only thing I don't like is the lanyard hole is so small you cant get anything through it.
The phone works good but the battery was no good .I write to the company and sent me 2 more batterys so they tryed to make good on the deal .
Much better than I expected. This phone has everything one needs. Good reception, music, long battery charge, internet, camera, video,etc.... Switched back from a Smart Phone to this and could not be happier. Holds a 16 GB Micro SD card for all the music that can be easily transferred from Windows Media Player.
Exactly what I was looking for. Phone is durable, in decent condition, and works great. Likes just like a new phone
Great phone awesome battery life very durable has been in water (: also got the the phone from the buyer at a nice price
I bought the phone to replace the one I got with my contract...my dog ate my phone. Really he did and it worked okay except for the screen which finally died. This one is slightly different: no light, different charger connection and body glove doesn't fit perfectly, all things I can work around. I use it as a phone only and it does it well. Sound is clear, screen is sharp, I can still use my old case and I'm familiar with its operation and feel.
Couldn't ask for more from a simple, easy to use phone. I would definitely purchase this again if need be.
This was the second Convoy we've ordered for a family member. We've found these to be a very good basic phone. The numbers light up and the buttons are just the right size for manly fingers. My husband had his in his pocket while fishing and had to step out into a pond to release a fish that was hooked and snagged on a log near the ponds edge. Little did he know when he stepped into the pond that the water was waist deep. He quickly pulled his phone out of his pocket and tossed it to his cousin. The phone had gotten wet but is still working great. After that experience his cousin had to have one too.
I will not hesitate to order from this company again. I got my order in less then three days, and the phone is great,better then i had hoped for, thanks
Bought this to hold the place of another cell on our plan until the plan expires. Expected a worn out phone but to my surprise this one was in pristine condition!
Great phone! This little phone has great reception and holds up very well.
I have had this phone for over a month and it has not needed re-charging yet! Very happy - Samsung should be commended.
I have dropped this phone more times than I want to admit. It is the best phone I have ever had. I like these phones. Samsung makes a good product.
Needed a plain flip phone... Perfect!!!
I Samsung has never failed to give me expected performance and user friendly features.
It was better than what I expected and it arrived when it was supposed to and had a great price.
Phone works great, excellent price and quick delivery!
Fast shipping and phone is fantastic!
awesome
Love this phone. It's got a wonderfully solid weight and feel in the hand. Sound quality is excellent. It arrived sooner than anticipated.
Good not fancy work phone ..
takes time to get used to it.
The phone arrived as expected.
Came in excellent condition. Pleased with purchase.
My Samsung cell phone works well without any problems unlike my previous cell phone. Maybe I should not be replying as you have too many rules!
This is my second Samsung. It's sturdy, easy to use and FANTASTIC! It's very sturdy for I have dropped it a couple of times and there was no problem at all!
Just need a phone to make and receive calls. I am under an old Verizon contract that is much better that I can get by updating and signing a new contract. (Man that ticks Verizon off.) Anyway, I have gone through several different phones over the years and have found that the Convoy U640 is very dependable. The battery life is outstanding!
I bought my first Convoy several years ago, and it served me faithfully at the gym, on the mountain bike, and bouncing around in the Jeep. i've never taken it swimming, but it's been out in the rain with me repeatedly with no damage, and I dropped the poor thing LOTS of times. When it finally succumbed to my abuse and broke in half, I found the exact same model used here.Now, you take your chances buying used electronics like this, and the first replacement model I received would get hot and burn out the battery in an hour. But I returned it to the seller and they quickly sent me a working unit. So, I also want to say that I'm quite satisfied with my transaction with BSR Cellular, and I would buy from them again. Maybe I'll get another Convoy from them in a few years when this one breaks.
This phone was exactly was I needed for my spouse--(who is disabled)...He needed something dependable yeteasy to access..The numbers are easily visable and the overall phone is easy to use!ThanksTA..NC
I definitely would recommend this product. It works well ... i especially like the ring tone selection. The other phone did not have as good a selection and the one I chose was not available.
GREAT PRODUCT. I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEM WITH IT. I WILL BE ORDERING ANOTHER FOR MY MOTHER. THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
MY HUSBAND REALLY LIKES THIS PHONE HE IS ALWAYS SAYING HOW WELL IT WORKS.HE SAYS WHEN THIS TEARS UP HE IS GOING TO GET ANOTHER ONE JUST LIKE IT.
Product came in good condition and works well. Would recommend this phone to any one looking for a cheap and basic phone that is durable and has a good battery life
I purchased this phone for my mom. She is older and prefers a flip phone that is easy to use. The sound quality is wonderful and she has been able to use it right from the box with very little problem. I highly recommend.
This phone is tough and has a nice loud ring PLUS it is tough and can take a beating..love it!
I bought it used, but it looks brand new. The sound is clear, in fact I have to turn the volume down so I don't blast my eardrums. A really good buy for me. Sincerely Phyllis Sutton
I love this phone. I bought two for my parents who can be hard on phones. This phone is durable and has all the functions one needs. The speaker phone is nice and loud and my dad love that!
good phone it was in great condition. it was just as expected.we would recommend it to a friend.it was a good buy.
MY SON HAS HAD IT FOR A WHILE ITS STILL WORKING GREAT
Thanks !
This phone is very durable and takes alot of rough handling and the best thing I like is that I can go 7-10 days on a charge
Did the job...good service.
was good when I got it 2 years ago...out of date now
It works great.
this phone lasted my wife a year!
Great Product, Delivered on time.
Good phone
cool good
MY WIFE LOVES IT
Nice and easy to use.
works great
Love it.
phone looks new and works perfectely, no problems
My grandfather loved this phone and didn't want to upgrade, so he wanted to get a used one and does he love it! He said it was like if he bought it new!
Originally purchased my mom a smart phone but she didn't like so I purchased this flip phone and she loves it.
Ruggedized phone can withstand the rigors of a woman's purse.
Exactly as expected.
Delivered exactly as promised and very quickly.
I definitely like this phone. However, I would suggest getting the newer Convoy rather than the Convoy1. The C1 has no flash for the camera, and reacts more slowly to commands. It is a great phone though. :)
This phone works great for our busy field employees.
Great phone. I have problems with arthritis in my fingers and hand and this phone allows me to communicate much easier than the phone I had before.
great condition! Works well.
This phone was for my husband, the only thing I notices was his old phone has a flash, whereas this one didn't.
This is my third of this particular model phone. I like the old style flip phone because it I can safely secure it in a shirt pocket. My only problem was the charger did not work properly, but as I had an old charger, it was no big deal. I am sure the seller would have replaced the charger had I notified them of the problem. (I didn't.) This phone is not for everyone, but it works great for me.
Simple phone but very durable.
Simple, easy to use, long battery life and completely reliable
Great and works like new! No problems!
The phone is all I expected and more. I brought it for my husband and he likes it more than all the others that he has had.
The phone arrived on time and in good shape I called Verizon and had my service swapped over to the new phone and so far the phone is preforming as described we will see what happens when I drop it or flush it if it stands up to what they described as rugged .
100% What I was looking for.
Very good
the U640 works great for me.
I was a very good experienceAnd everything was perfect
Arrived as promised in very good condition. My husband loves it. Working just fine.
Excellent phone and new condition as well.
It looks very rugged, and it got everything he needs. I wish Verizon had this phone at the store but I'm glad I found this phone for my husband.
Works great. Best phone for my husband as long as he doesn't leave it in his shirt pocket to be washed, like his last one.
this phone may be older but my husband likes simple easy no frills. it had good speaker big buttons. easy use
LIKE NEWWorks as expected/ keeps charged days/ camera okay/ best buy for money, better than ever expected.Quick reception.
I ordered this phone for my husband, as his Nextel will be rendered useless after 02/05, due to the government buyout of PTT's. He loves this phone. I bought it used for 40 bucks in "new condition" it was reg. $130. What you get for this price is pleasantly surprising. I bought it unlocked and he has Page Plus for $40 a month unlimited talk and text, and 200 mb of data. He will be moving to the $30/mo plan 1200 minutes a month....with text too, but he doesn't text or use data, so this phone is perfect for him. If you are not a texter or data user, u will be happy with this phone, very well made with high quality sound.
Replaced a Convoy with a Convoy. My husband did not want to relearn another phone. Phone is rugged, good sound quality, and good battery life
Extensive research paid off in this simple but smartly programmed phone. Excellent audio. Long battery life. Solid and sturdy. Looks good. Feels good in use. Works perfectly. I'm delighted.
The specs mentioned there could be some cosmetic uses. None found on the one I ordered. Charged it, took it over to the Verizon office and made the switch. For a flip-phone... you'll be hard pressed to find a better one. Delivery was prompt. This is a winner. The phones features are solid. I ride a motorcyle and mate the bluetooth to my helmet. Flawless. Some convoys have been known to butt dial but the key pad lock works well when set. If you don't want a lot of bells and whistles... this is a great and durable little phone.
No problems with this. i love this phone. It works great!!!! Its old school, but works great. I rexccommend to anyone
my father is not into fancy smartphones or texting or using his phone to surf the net. what he is into is a phone that keeps on working if its been accidentally dropped. he's been using the same old flip phone for a few years now which finally started having issues. i did lots of research on phones and felt this would be the best phone for him. i was a little hesitant at first since it was refurbished but due to reviews i figured it was worth a shot. plus cheap enough that if it only works for a year, he can get another for cheap. it arrived and looked a little used (a little wear in the paint but not much) but that's ok. especially for the big savings over a new one. at least 50% of the price. he says it works great. he says the ringer is nice and loud and he is blown away with bluetooth lol. its been a couple of months now and i ive asked him a few times about it and he has nothing but positive things to say about it. no issues yet.
This is a great phone and a good deal. We have 3 of these phones and we really like their durability.
Met my short-term needs to replace a phone that broke. "Thick" compared to today's slim-line phones. But I only need it for a few months.
It was exactly what I expected. Easy to activate with my existing plan.It was purchased for my 13 year old son who has managed to kill evert phone he has received. So far, so good with this one.
Just wanted a basic phone. They are so hard to find. This one is very sturdy and does almost everything I want it to do. Does not have a feature to have your phone beep every 15 minutes or so to let you know you missed a call or text. My old phone did this. It was nice if you were not always close to your phone.
This phone is great. It is built a lot more rugged than most phones on the market today. My contract was up with Verizon and I could have gotten the new version of this " The Convoy 2", but they wanted $150 for it and have me sign a new contract. But when I saw this one for around $30 in perfect condition I snapped it up. The only complaint I have about it would be that it doesn't use the "micro USB" like most phones are using now a days. No big deal, I just bought a few cords on Amazon and now I'm good to go. Very happy with the overall performance of this phone!
I purchased this for a friend and he has no complaints. He is thankful to be able to purchase this on Amazon otherwise it was going to cost him quite a bit of money to replace the one he got with a plan, since he dropped the original one in a water tank for his cattle.
This was an excellent buy on a very good used cell phone. It was activated on Page Plus Cellular and works perfectly. I would recommend a similar purchase to anyone wanting a CDMA phone for Page Plus Cellular.
This is a very durable easy to use no nonsense cell phone. It's rugged construction makes this the phone to use in a work environment where an occasional drop won't break the device.Crystal clear sound.
We are basic phone users. Phone works great-battery lasts between charges. Happy with this purchase and would recommend this phone.
This is my second Convoy phone. The first spent three years with me and was used, abused and dropped to the pavement more times than I can remember. It is not water proof. I left it outside one nite and after that, it went south. It ate the battery, got very hot and generally gave me the finger. However, it had been so good to me that I bought another used one on Amazon for a bargain price.So, this is a basic phone with some internet capabilities that I don't give a rip about. It endures drops to the pavement, has great clarity via Verizon and quite simply, works. If you don't need or don't care about watching videos or scrolling through whatever it is you scroll through to make your day (actually, make your moment), and if you need a basic phone that's rugged and not really waterproof, but water resistant, this is an inexpensive choice. Bottom line, if I lose this one, I'll find another "old" Convoy to replace it. Hell, I drive an eight year-old Subaru. I need rugged and practical, so why should I get a "smart" phone? My advice: Consider what you need, not what someone wants to sell you so you can stay "connected."
This phone was listed as used. I read the description of it and it said it may have a few scratches. When I received the phone, it was like brand new. The Convoy u640 is a great phone to start with. It's not a fancy phone to text with - although, you can certainly do that. The camera is nice and takes real good pictures. Most of all, it is rugged and you can make and receive calls on it where most phones don't have signal. So, if you tend to be a little rough on cell phones, you may want to check this one out esp. if u find a deal like I did for $40- Samsung Convoy U640 Phone for Verizon Wireless Network with No Contract (Gray) Rugged! Also worthy to mention, they are very easy on batteries. I know several people who have them and they say the same things - so, it's not just mine that gives u plenty of talk time per battery charge.
This was exactly the phone that I needed. I would recommend this phone for anyone that uses Verison Wireless phones of this type. Was truly satisfied with my purchase.
Works good, still going strong
Works great just need a case
as expected
Does what it says and reliably so. I still use extra protection measures despite the advertised "ruggedness" because I am tough on anything I carry with me.
it is all I need in a phone (hello-good by)
Great phone easy to use
Have had several of these phones over the years. Reliable and sturdy!
The phone arrived in just a few days! The phone appeared to be in mint condition and looked like it was never used! It was already fully charged and ready to go. Brought it to Verizon and my contact information was transferred in just a few minutes without any problems at all. I am extremely happy with this purchase and the seller! Definitely 5 thumbs up!
Make sure you are ready to acctivate the phone the first time you turn it on. I didn't even have to take it to the store for acctivation. If you do not follow through with the acctivtion the first time, you will have to take it to the store, to acctivate it. I charged it, turned it on, and acctivacted it over the phone.
Got this phone for my husband who wanted a basic phone with no frills. His texting is very limited and he takes about one picture a month. This was a replacement of the exact same phone he had that was going bad after over 3 years, so we knew what to expect. It came in perfect condition, although it is a refurbished phone.I wouldn't hesitate to order another refurbished phone after our experience with this one.
I wear two hearing aides and this phone works great for me.easy to use for those of us not looking for a smarphone
For a used phone it was like brand new. Pretty nice too that when powered up it went right to my carrier to register it. No phone calls, computer time etc..
I bought this phone for my son because his old one broke. I already had this phone and have had no trouble whatever. Great reception. Great volume. Great battery life. Great durability. Did I already say great?
My wife's phone broke. We got the exacty same model for a fraction of even those selling used phones on KSL classifieds and Ebay. Works great, great price. It was an easy fix. Buying a new phone required another contract.....don't want that and the phones were EXPENSIVE. Thanks for having this fine product.....even thought it is said to be used (you can't tell)
The phone has good sound, I agree with the previous reviews who wrote about that. However, it seems to become damaged rather easily even with just general pocket wear.
I love this phone. Bought another as a backup. I don't want to ever loose this product! Bought one for elderly father too and he is able to see and use it we'll.
Works very good
I've had two of these for my son. Very well made, sturdy, and good battery life. Highly recommend.
It is one tough phone and Verzion Store claims they can not get them not everybody needs a smart phone so I turned to amazon found the Samsung for a good price and I would recommend it to my best friend
Phones and chargers are in mint shape. Really good deal , very happy with the phones and chargers and the quality
I bought the phone as a gift. My husband likes the phone. It works as expected. I would recommend this phone for anyone who wants a rugged basic phone.
It is my husband's phone, but he seems very happy with it. Definately happy that he can once again send/receive picture messages...
I really like this phone but it is a little heavy. It would be perfect for anyone that needs a rugged phone.
We bought it because it was a replacement for the one we had that was dropped so we didnt need all the cords for it.Delivery was quick. Packed very well. Very glad we purchased it.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my husband, all he needs is call and text. He is very pleased with it.
I wanted a simple phone and this fit the bill
Dirt cheap replacement, clean and not all hacked up. Works great.
I like this phone. I can make calls where I could not with my old phone. Buttons are bigger making it easier to dial, and one week between charging makes this an upgrade for me.
Excellent
My purchase of a used Verizon Samsung U640 was a good investment, Verizon will not activate this pre-paid, but PagePlus( a Verizon network user). activated the phone with no problems. this phone is a work phone, to jobs I perform and don’t wish to place my smart phone in danger ( I work in corrections) of damage. It does what its designed to do, talk and text, and data if needed.
Great phone, great price, good shipping.
Meets my needs for primarily outdooruse with good connectivity and suitable for rugged environment.
Great buy!!! Great condition! Very pleased!!!
Could not use it because Verizon would accept it. I returned it and they gave me a full refund
Ok
Great product and great support
Works ok
Great price for a great phone.
Excellent slightly used phone.
thx
exactly what I wanted
My son enjoys the flip phone...it works great and it provides excellent service even in sparse support areas. A must for a tough hard working phone.
Initially I received this phone and I did not receive the charger. I had to contact the company and tell them that the description stated that the phone was suppose to come with a charger. I had to wait for the charger to come to make sure the phone was working right. I will be checking the phone as soon as the charger arrives.
No problems and work like any other flip phone. Seems to be pretty heavy duty for construction people to carry.
This has been a good extra phone for me. Thank you for fast and quick service. I would recommend to anyone who likes small flip phones. Thanks :-)
Perfect for a man who needs a plain cell phone and occasionally to take or receive pictures. It's fairly rugged.
Great price and it work just as it was supposed to. Battery life is excellent, blue tooth works well, no complaints.
IF YOU DON'T LIKE TOUCH SCREEN PHONES, THIS MAY BE THE PHONE FOR YOU. MP3 PLAYER AND BLUETOOTH ARE NICE FEATURES. ONLY DOWN SIDE IS TEXTING, IF YOU ARE A BIG TEXTER, CHOOSE ANOTHER PHONE.
Bought this phone for my husband to replace an earlier model of the same. He LOVES it, works great! I would buy from them again.
Awesome phone for my dad! This phone is perfect for someone who isn't into technology! The phone was in great shape! Delivery was fast!
It is simple to use, I am hard of hearing and I can hear this phone when it rings, takes good photos also, I like this phone so much because I can hear it that is the main reason. I have 6 of these phones so when they get old and quit I will have another just like it
The main thing wrong with it is that it has the old style power connection which means it has to have a separate cord for it.
replaced my Verizon U 640 because it went straight to voice mail no matter whatwe did-would have had to wait 4 months for new free phone so ordered this, itcame right away and I was charged activated and using the phone in minuteswith no problem, and now my calls ring and do not go right to voice mail
Works as promised, sound clarity is good. A "tough" phone as he is rough with things! Arrived on time to present as a gift!
I good old standby for a feature phone. It is nice looking and easy to operate. The speaker is good and loud making it easy to hear.
This is exactly what I wanted. I am very pleased.
Got what I paid for, used. Missing was the instructions
Good
Great phone. Built like a tank!
This phone was perfect for my 13 year old that just need a way to talk to us when we are apart. Good basic phone.
I love the flip phones and wanted this one to replace one I was having repaired. Set this one up which only took less than 5 min and started using it. Love it.
Phone lasted over 3 years.
Would have given it five stars if instructions were included. Had to download manual from Samsung site.
Works fine with page plus, love the look and feel, so happy I'm back on a flip phones, NO MORE smart phone money pit.
Reliable tough phone. Bought another for my wife, and she is happy with it too.
Solid phone. Working well. In good condition.
This product is awesome!
I carry a flip phone for work as I work in a very dirty environment. This phone is a beast of a phone. Takes all the abuse I throw at it. Solid phone.
All I need is a good reliable phone, and that it is.
A great deal on a very rugged basic flip phone
great phone, great people to deal with on time and except returns with out question will deal with them again
This is a good all-around phone is very sturdy and I have had it for a long time the speakerphone is very loud and it is very easy to handle but it is very rugged too. I would recommend it to anyone that would like a basic phone that has a good battery life and that has a good display has bigger fingers.
Thanks! Husband loves it!! Works great and he is more than happy to have a "new" phone at such a great price!! Thanks again!!
Learning the ropes. standard phone. try finding or reading the images on the outside for speaker or for memory card, somewhat difficult but phone is a great one when you do not want or need a data plan
I bought this for my husband who is very rough on his phones. So far so good. Everything is working perfectly. We couldn't even tell it was a used phone. Shipping was extremely fast.
It's last years model but the price is right. Husband needed a new phone and it had to be a flip phone according to him. So far so good solid little phone
No problems and great durability for a flip phone with a front screen. Still have mine incase my smartphone breaks.
We has a bit of trouble with the voice mail and the sound levels at first, but now it seems to be working great!
I purchased this phone for my husband, as I needed something that could withstand his many drops and slips. I am impressed so far. He hasn't destroyed the phone yet. The speakerphone is actually loud enough to hear people on the other end outside, the screen is nice and clear and the menu is easy to understand. Overall the phone seems pretty sturdy and has a nice solid feel to it. I think this phone might stick around for a little while. If you are looking for a rough and tough phone, then do not hesitate... you've found it.
I was impressed with the condition of the unit. It was just as described; actually it was better than I expected!I received the phone in 3 days, one day prior to the beginning date of the reception range given by my chosen shipping method. This new seller is doing it the right way; hope she continues, eh?
Lost a phone and did not have phone insurance. Even if I did have phone insurance the deductible would have been more than this rebuilt phone not to mention the savings on the monthly insurance premiums.Phone looks like new and has been working since I received it a month ago.
I read lots of reviews for this phone. I was confident when I made my selection to order this Samsung Convoy. Now, Im one satisfied customer. I love how big the buttons are. The durability is great!!!! The clarity is crisp and the volume is super loud. (Great for alarm )!!!!! Best phone I have ever bought!!!! I recommend this phone.
The phone itself, great condition, price, and quality. There was a lengthy process of contacting Verizion to have the phone operating correctly; however, I am pleased with the overall purchase.
Really like the phone and ease of use. The screen is large enough for me to read the numbers and the keys are large enough for my big fingers.
it was what was stated, happy with this product
WORKS GREAT
Great phone, and in wonderful condition. Everything that was described was true.
This phone does everything you'd need a phone to do, including text, bluetooth and speakerphone. It holds up to mud and wet weather found in a vegetable garden, and survived a cycle through the laundry, too. My wife accidently threw the phone into a front-loading washing machine and then in the dryer. While it was bouncing around in there I happened to hear the racket. Somethng was loudly banging and clanging that I worried was going to beat the heck out of machine. When I opened the dryer door, I found the phone in a pants pocket. I yelled out the door to my wife to stop looking in the car for her phone, then removed the battery, dried the compartment, put it on the charger and found that it works fine. After a few days it dried out completely. If you're looking for a sturdy phone, I'd recommend this one. A water conserving front-loading washer helps, too.
The phone works amazing. But next time I rather buy one with a micro usb, for universal purposes.
This is a great little phone - very sturdy. My husband, who works in a factory, has enjoyed it.
5 star rating to RC PHONE
the phone is basic. no fancy bells and whistles. i have bought a few and have always been satasfied. now if you can fix the user i may not have to buy another one. warning...they do not hold up well in the wash.
I loved it. It was in good shape. I wanted an older phone with no gadgets and data. Perfect Fit!!!
Great phone to use with page plus cellular minutes. It has a clean ESN. Works great and has a long battery life.
While it was listed as refurbished, it appears to be new. It is in excellent condition and performs as expected.
This phone is very easy to use and I like the color and I also like the screen. Easy to use,
Ordered as a replacement for my mothers damaged phone. According to her its working good and recieved in good condition. Would purchase from again.
This U640 has much better reception then my old LG phone and therefore has better battery life. I am buying two more of these for my family plan. It shipped fast and setup with Verizon with no problems and no contract, YES!
Rugged phone, great battery life, my only problem being that the car charger that was sent did not work (not my car's fault).
This is a refurbished phone which has a few cosmetic dings but works just fine. It provides me exactly what I need in a cell phone.
Much better than I expected. This phone has everything one needs. Good reception, music, long battery charge, internet, camera, video,etc.... Switched back from a Smart Phone to this and could not be happier. Holds a 16 GB Micro SD card for all the music that can be easily transferred from Windows Media Player.
Exactly what I was looking for. Phone is durable, in decent condition, and works great. Likes just like a new phone
Great phone awesome battery life very durable has been in water (: also got the the phone from the buyer at a nice price
I bought the phone to replace the one I got with my contract...my dog ate my phone. Really he did and it worked okay except for the screen which finally died. This one is slightly different: no light, different charger connection and body glove doesn't fit perfectly, all things I can work around. I use it as a phone only and it does it well. Sound is clear, screen is sharp, I can still use my old case and I'm familiar with its operation and feel.
Couldn't ask for more from a simple, easy to use phone. I would definitely purchase this again if need be.
This was the second Convoy we've ordered for a family member. We've found these to be a very good basic phone. The numbers light up and the buttons are just the right size for manly fingers. My husband had his in his pocket while fishing and had to step out into a pond to release a fish that was hooked and snagged on a log near the ponds edge. Little did he know when he stepped into the pond that the water was waist deep. He quickly pulled his phone out of his pocket and tossed it to his cousin. The phone had gotten wet but is still working great. After that experience his cousin had to have one too.
Its great for the kids. they take it when they go out of town and so forth . yada yada
I deducted a star because the previous owners pics were still in it. No big deal phone was near mint like described and worked good.
This is a great phone. The battery lasts for days. I know it's a flip phone and the battery should last a long time. But the difference about this phone is that your voice is very clear. I have this as my second phone. Love that I can always rely on it. I do have a smartphone also. But this phone is old reliable.
this is the easiest phone I have used. I have had one for the last 2 or 3 years and it is great. I recently had a problem with my phone in that it would drop the tower and restart with service. I ordered two more from Stop n Shop in NY. There was a problem with the new phones in that the cameras did not work, but they went the extra mile to replace them with NO PROBLEMS : )
Bought this for my teenage son who doesnt need a smartphone. He loves the flip phones. He has gone through at least 3 or 4 of them because he always drops them. This thing is sturdy and built to last.
Easy to run, Heavy duty phone. Had it up and running in minutes, able to download ringtones and personalize it easily.
Great price for the cell phone. Came in good condition and packaging. The sell phone works very good and there was no blemishes on the phone!
Got it for my dad who needed a basic cell phone with a loud ringer. This one is a winner! Thanks
We knew the phone would be a used one and it met our expectations. I gave it a 4 star rating because it was a used phone.
I can hear very well on it. It is easy to use. I don't lnow what else to say. The clarity of sound is what is so important to me.
The product did everything I expected,would recommend this phone;or the convoy2 to anyone.Very please with the phone,thank you,very much.thanks again
I liked his rating, I am pleased with the phone so far, I need to get a SD Card for it to see if it works okay. Love the loud ring tone, and the battery life is unbelievable on this phone. I gave my new one to my daughter-in-law and kept this one because I prefer it to the other. Thanks.
We have one of these phones already and love it. I got one for my son and this was by far the best price for this phone on the internet.
This phone is durable, and does fit in the clip case and fully opens so it does not have to be removed everytime you need to use the phone. Extremely easy activation!
Had this phone before for 2 years, so when that one finally broke(dropped it while open and it split right in half) I got another one. 2 years is a good lifespan for any phone.
I bought this phone for my daughter. I guess being used to modern smartphones I found this one cumbersome but it serves its purpose. The only thing I don't like is the lanyard hole is so small you cant get anything through it.
The phone works good but the battery was no good .I write to the company and sent me 2 more batterys so they tryed to make good on the deal .
I am an electrical contractor and this phone is rugged enough to handle rough work. It will take a beating and keep on ticking.
The Samsung Convoy is much sturdier than my earlier phone. It arrived quite quickly, and the Verizon personnel set it up w/o problems or extra charges.
first phone did not work i called them and they were great they did every thing to make me happy and to fix the problem. I would have no problem ordering from them again in the future i was very happy with this company.
Great phone for the person who needs to make calls, take photos, and doesn't need alot of unused apps floating about.
The phone was decent and came as expected. However one of the chargers didnt work from day one...which made it hard to use the phone. So tht left me a little disappointed withthe buyer.
I like this phone for the larger buttons for texting. It works well in the holder I have and it is not cumbersome. Perfect as a work phone.
I purchased the Samsung Convoy U640 for my elderly mother. She uses the phone only for receiving and outgoing phone calls for family and friends. Although the fonts are not large enough, she can read the names and numbers fairly easily. My mother seems to like the Samsung Convoy U640 and I am pleased that she likes it.I chose a 4 star rating instead of 5 star because of the font size.I recommend this product to anyone who is in the market for the old style flip phone.
My husband wanted rugged pho?ne for work. He is outside all day, rain or shine. Phone very durable and great for those that want a flip phone.
I never bought from Amazon before , but I really wanted this particular phone. I found it on the web site, Reasonable priced.and it came much quicker then I was promised ! Like 2 days instead of 5 or more.LOVE IT>!@#$%^&
Iv'e never quite got used to the iphone and droid style phones, there a little to fragile for my line of work. The Samsung Convoy is able to take a beating and still keeps on working and thats why like the basic flip phone.
This is by far the best flip phone out there. Most importantly this bad boy can take a hit. The battery life seems to just keep going and going. The reception is nice and clear. My only complaint about this phone is that when using the calender you have to be careful when erasing events. If you erase an event, do not choose erase all...it not only erases that day's events...but every event in the whole calender. Other then then that, I get my email on this phone, even cruise the Internet. I don't need all the extras of a smart phone. This phone is the best!
This phone is simple, very good , and it works excellently for me. Every one who buys this phone will be satisfied.
Good sturdy phone for a pre-teen to have available when between programs. Was tricky without user's guide, but we figured out most of what we needed.
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE LOVES IT. JUST WHAT HE WANTED. IT HAD MINOR SCRATCHES BUT NOTHING TO REALLY FUSS ABOUT. I WOULD ORDERED AGAIN. VERY PLEASED.
You could shoot this out of a potato gun, and proceed to dislodge it from a tree and order a pizza. One tough little phone, I wish they still made them like this.
Bought this for my mother and she loves it. Great flip phone
Excellent phone, as advertised. Love the push-to-talk feature.
works great and picks up signal in place my other phones don't
Great phone. Large keys, best flip phone I have owned!
Pros...Works great, very durable, easy to navigate, speaker is fantastic!Only negative is that flip phones just aren't for me.
just as described perfect for the price
LOVE IT
good rugged phone that has a long-lasting batteryif you need a screen bigger than a deck of cards to play on the internet and just need a phone for calls, occasional texting and photos this is it. tough, works and the battery lasts for DAYS!
another great deal great price
Passes every drop test onto porcelain tile!
Only downside is that apparently Verizon no longer uses V-Cast Music with Rhapsody.
